Local Acts passed in 1825, 6 George 4 c.1 - c.202.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1825.
---

1. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Uttoxeter in the County of Stafford, and for making and maintaining a new Branch of Road to communicate with the said Road.

2. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Penwortham Bridge to the Boundary between the Townships of Wrightington and Shevington, and the Road from Lydiate Lane End to a Bridge called Little Hanging Bridge, all in the County of Lancaster.

3. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Turnpike Road called Wellington Bridge Road, near the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Turnpike Road leading from Wakefield to Bradford, in the said Riding, near a certain Place called Tong Lane End, in the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the Parish of Birstal, in the Riding aforesaid, with several Branch Roads therefrom.

4. An Act for building a Bridge and making a Causeway and Turnpike Road from or near Griggs Quay, in the Parish of Uny Lelant, over Hayle River and Sands, in the Parish of Saint Erth, to Carnsew Quay, through Hayle Foundery, in the said Parish of Saint Erth, and Pen Poll, in the Parish of Phillack, all in the County of Cornwall.

5. An Act for lighting, cleansing, watching and improving the Township of Ardwick in the County of Lancaster, and for regulating the Police thereof.

6. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, regulating and improving the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester.

7. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley Moor, in the County of York, to Staindrop, in the County of Durham, and from the said Turnpike Road near Smallways, across the River Tees, to Winston, in the said County of Durham.

8. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Bridgnorth to Shiffnall, otherwise Idsall, in the County of Salop.

9. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the High Road from Boroughbridge in the County of York, to Catterick, in the same County, and from thence to Piersbridge on the River Tees.

10. An Act for repairing the Road from Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, to Nuneaton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Bishop's Gate, in the City of Coventry.

11. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Midhurst, in the County of Sussex, to the London and Portsmouth Turnpike Road, between the Fifty-second and Fifty-third Milestones near Sheet Bridge, in the County of Southampton.

12. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Kirkby Stephen, in the County of Westmorland, into the Sedberg and Kirkby Kendal Turnpike Road, and out of and from the same Turnpike Road to Hawes in the North Riding of the County of York; and a new Branch from Hawes aforesaid to the Village of Gayle, in the Township of Hawes.

13. An Act for repairing the Road from Stockton to Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham.

14. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the City of Winchester to the Town of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton.

15. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Bramcote Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Post upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and from Ilkeston to Heanor, in the said County of Derby, and from Trowell, in the said County of Nottingham, to the Town of Nottingham.

16. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Whiteburn, upon the Turnpike Road from Edinburgh to Greenlaw, passing through Thornydike and Westruther to Choicelee, upon the Turnpike Road from Greenlaw to Dunse, all in the County of Berwick.

17. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Calder and Hebble Navigation to make a navigable Cut or Canal from Salterhebble Bridge to Bailey Hall, near to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; and to amend the Act relating to the said Navigation.

18. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from or near the Manchester, Bolton and Bury Canal, in the Parish of Bolton-le-Moors, to or near the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, in the Parish of Leigh, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

19. An Act for better lighting, cleansing, watching, paving and otherwise improving the Township of Stourbridge, in the Parish of Oldswinford, in the County of Worcester; for regulating the Market and building a Market Place within and for the said Township; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

20. An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts relative to the paving, lighting, watching and improving the Town of Margate in the Parish of Saint John the Baptist in the County of Kent; for erecting certain Defences against the Sea for the Protection of the said Town; and for making further Improvements in and about the said Town and Parish.

21. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester.

22. An Act for amending and maintaining the Road leading from Wigan and commencing at Clarinet on Brook, and passing over Amberswood Common through Hindley to a Place called Chequer Bent in Westhoughton, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

23. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Cainscross through Stroud, over Rodborough and Minchinhampton Commons, to the Town of Minchinhampton, with several Branches therefrom, all in the County of Gloucester.

24. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, in the County of Nottingham.

25. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the present Turnpike Road, between Maidstone and Wrotham, in the County of Kent, to Strood in the said County.

26. An Act for making a Turnpike Road from the Hope Turnpike, in the Leominster and Hereford Road, to or near Burley Gate, in the Hereford and Bromyard Turnpike Road, and from thence to a Place called The Trumpet, in the Ledbury and Hereford Turnpike Road, all in the County of Hereford.

27. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester, to near New Houses, in the County of York, and other Roads in the said Counties, and in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for making and maintaining several new Branches to communicate therewith.

28. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair the Road from Wooler to the Great North Turnpike Road, at or near to Adderstone Lane, in the County of Northumberland.

29. An Act to repeal certain Parts of and to alter and amend an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, to authorize the Trustees of the River Weaver Navigation to open a more convenient Communication between the said River near Frodsham Bridge, and the River Mersey near Weston Point, in the Township of Weston, in the County of Chester; and to amend Two Acts relative to the said River.

30. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from Cromford Canal, at or near to Cromford, in the Parish of Wirksworth, in the County of Derby, to the Peak Forest Canal, at or near to Whaley (otherwise Yardsley-cum-Whaley), in the County Palatine of Chester.

31. An Act to enable the Vauxhall Bridge Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to alter and amend the Acts relating to the said Bridge.

32. An Act for lighting, watching, paving, cleansing, regulating and otherwise improving the Town of Oundle, in the County of Northampton.

33. An Act for erecting a Chapel at Pelham Crescent, in the Parish of Saint Mary in the Castle, in the Liberty of the Town and Port of Hastings, in the County of Sussex.

34. An Act for lighting with Gas the Borough and Neighbourhood of Boston, in the County of Lincoln.

35. An Act for enabling the Glasgow Gas Light Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

36. An Act to continue and render more effectual certain Acts for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer brewed for Sale or vended within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

37. An Act to enable the Royal Exchange Assurance Companies, and their Successors, to advance Money, or lend Stock, upon the Security of Freehold, Copyhold or Leasehold Estates.

38. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Wakefield, to join the Shepley Lane Head Turnpike Road in Denby Dale, in the Parish of Penistone, with certain Branches, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

39. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Gloucester Hotel in the Town of Brighthelmstone, through the Towns of Cuckfield and Crawley, to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, and certain other Roads therein mentioned; and also for making and maintaining a Branch of Road from Austy Cross, in the Parish of Cuckfield to West Grinsted; all in the County of Sussex.

40. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from Haleworthy, in the Parish of Davidstow, in the County of Cornwall, to the East End of Wadebridge; and from the West End of Wadebridge, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County.

41. An Act for maintaining and improving the Road from Deanburn, in the County of Haddington, through Greenlaw, in the County of Berwick, to Cornhill, in the County of Durham; with Branches from Carfrae Mill through Lauder, from Orange Lane to Swinton Mill, and from Coldstream to Mount Pleasant, all in the County of Berwick; and for maintaining the Bridge over the River Tweed at Coldstream.

42. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Eccleshill to Bradford, in the County of York.

43. An Act for more effectually repairing and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex, through Highgate, in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden and Northiam, to Taylor's Corner, in the Parish of Rye, in the County of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Coopers Corner, in the County of Sussex; and also a Piece of Road communicating with the said Road, called Whitebread Lane, in the said County.

44. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Brighouse in the Parish of Halifax, to Denholme Gate in the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

45. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads passing through Princes Risborough, in the County of Buckingham, and communicating with Aylesbury and Great Marlow in the said County, and Thame in the County of Oxford.

46. An Act for repairing the Road from Kingston upon Thames to Leatherhead, in the County of Surrey.

47. An Act for more effectually amending, widening and maintaining the Road from Barton Bridge, in the Parish of Eccles, through the Township of Worsley, to Moses Gate in the Township of Farnworth, and for making, repairing and improving other Roads to communicate therewith, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

48. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Barnsley, by way of Beaver Hole, to Cudworth Bridge, on the present Highway leading to the Town of Pontefract, in the West Riding of the County of York.

49. An Act for amending, maintaining and improving the Roads from Bridgnorth to Cleobury North, and also through Litton Priors to the Brown Clee Hill, and from Cleobury Mortimer to several Places therein mentioned, and other Roads branching therefrom, in the Counties of Salop and Worcester.

50. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Gravesend to Wrotham, in the County of Kent, and from thence to Borough Green on the Turnpike Road leading from Wrotham Heath to Ightham, in the said County.

51. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Great Ancoats Street, in the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, to join a Diversion of the Manchester and Saltersbrook Road in Andershaw, in the Parish of Ashton under Line, in the said County, and Two Branches of Road communicating therewith.

52. An Act for amending and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from the North End of the Town of Rotherham to the East Side of Tankersley Park, in the County of York.

53. An Act for repairing the Road branching out of the Great North Road by the Guide Post at the South End of Spittlegate, in the Parish of Granthaniy in the County of Lincoln, and leading from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge End, in the same County.

54. An Act for improving and maintaining the Harbour of the Burgh of Barony of Stonehaven in the County of Kincardine, and the Entrance thereto; and rendering more convenient and commodious the Streets and Avenues leading to the same.

55. An Act for making more effectual Provision for paying off and discharging the Debts and Expences incurred in taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint James, in the Town and County of Pooley and the Tower of the same Church.

56. An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for building a new Church, in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex.

57. An Act for providing additional Burying Ground for the Parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bow, in the County of Middlesex.

58. An Act to provide for the perpetual Maintenance and Support of the Chapel of the Holy and Undivided Trinity, in the Town of Gosport, within the Parish of Alverstoke, in the County of Southampton.

59. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Don, near the Village of Balgownie or Polgownie, in the Parish of Old Machar and County of Aberdeen.

60. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Wye, at a Place called The Kerne, in the County of Hereford, and for making convenient Roads. Avenues and Approaches thereto.

61. An Act for the Erection of a Bridge across the River Shannon, at or near Athlunkard, and for making Approaches thereto.

62. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from the Northern Extremity of a certain Estate called Abertyswg, in the Parish of Bedwelty, in the County of Monmouth, to join the Sirhowy Railway, at or near Pye Corner, in the Parish of Bassaleg, in the same County.

63. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from or near a certain Slate Quarry called Gloddfarlon, in the Parish of Llandwrog, in the County of Carnarvon, to the Town and Port of Carnarvon, in the same County.

64. An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty, for completing and maintaining the East Country Dock at Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, and to enlarge the Powers of the said Act.

65. An Act to alter and amend Two Acts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty ninth Years of His late Majesty, for erecting and maintaining a new Court House and other Offices for the City and County of Aberdeen; and for providing an additional Gaol for the said City and County; and to provide a safe and convenient Place for the Custody and Preservation of the Public Records of the said City and County; and for other Purposes connected therewith.

66. An Act for supplying with Water the Town and Borough of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, and for lighting the said Town and Borough with Gas.

67. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Ashton under Lyne, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the Township of Duckinfield, in the County Palatine of Chester; and for supplying with Water the said Town of Ashton under Lyne, and the Neighbourhood thereof.

68. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town and Township of Stockport, and the Township of Brinnington, and several other Townships adjoining thereto, in the Counties Palatine of Chester and Lancaster.

69. An Act for extending and rendering more effectual an Act of His late Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Minster Yard of the Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of Saint Peter, in York.

70. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing; watching, watering and improving the Town and Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk.

71. An Act for lighting, watching, cleansing and improving the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford.

72. An Act for lighting, watching, paving, cleansing and improving the Streets, Highways and Places within the Borough, Town and Parish of Newbury, and the Tithing or Hamlet of Speenhamland, in the Parish of Speen, in the County of Berks.

73. An Act for watching and lighting the Townships or Vills of Hanley and Shelton, in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford.

74. An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating the Streets and public Places within such Part of the Parish of Walcot, in the County of Somerset, as is not within the City of Bath.

75. An Act for the better Regulation of Buildings in the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for authorizing the making of Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations for the Vessels frequenting Docks, Basins and Quays belonging to the Corporation there.

76. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Parochial Rates in the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey.

77. An Act for lighting the Town and Borough of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby.

78. An Act for amending and enlarging an Act of His late Majesty, for better paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and otherwise improving the City of Norwich.

79. An Act to establish an additional Company for more effectually lighting with Gas the Town of Birmingham, and certain other Parishes and Places, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford.

80. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering and improving the Road from the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester.

81. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering and improving the Road from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester, and the Road branching from the said Road at or near a certain Place in the Lordship of Barkby, in the said County, called The Round Hill, to the Town of Barkby.

82. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering and improving the Road from Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to Milstone Lane, in the Town of Leicester.

83. An Act for more effectually improving the Roads from Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through Oldham, to Austerlands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York, and from Oldham to Ashton under Lyne, and from Oldham to Rochdale, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster.

84. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Trebarwith Sands on the Sea Shore to Condolden Bridge on the Road leading from Bossiney to Camelford, all in the County of Cornwall.

85. An Act for more effectually amending, improving and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Cockermouth to the Town of Maryport, and from thence by Allonby to Wigton, and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Cumberland.

86. An Act for amending, improving and maintaining the Road from Lockwood to Meltham, and the Branch of Road to Meltham Mills; all in the Parish of Almondbury, in the West Riding of the County of York.

87. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfield to the Alton and Alresford Turnpike Road near Ropley, in the County of Southampton, and of making and maintaining a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith.

88. An Act for more effectually making and repairing the Roads between Newton Abbot and Brixham, Kingsweare and Dartmouth, Shaldon and Torquay, and also between Torquay and Saint Mary Church, and the Bridge to be built over the River Teign at Shaldon, and for making and repairing several other Roads communicating therewith; all in the County of Devon.

89. An Act for amending and maintaining the Road from the Market Place in Cromford to the Guide Post on Hopton Moor, and Two Branch Roads to Newhaven House and Wirksworth, all in the County of Derby.

90. An Act for amending and maintaining the Turnpike Road from Bawtrey, through the Town of Tinsley, to the Road from Rotherham to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

91. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads leading from Tavistoke to New Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Devon; and for making Diversions to communicate therewith.

92. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Bradshaw Brow, near the Town of Bolton le Moors, in the County of Lancaster, to the Bury and Blackburn Turnpike Road in the Township of Haslingden, in the same County, and Three Branches of Road communicating therewith.

93. An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from and through the Town of Wiveliscombe, in the County of Somerset, and the Roads adjoining thereto, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon; and for making a new Line of Road to communicate therewith.

94. An Act for repairing certain Roads from the Borough of New Woodstock to Rollright Lane, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Oxford.

95. An Act for repairing and amending the Road from Mullens Pond, in the County of Southampton, through Amesbury, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of New Sarum, near Willoughby Hedge, in the County of Wilts, and several other Roads leading out of the said Road.

96. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the City of Cork to the Town of Ballyhooly, on the River Blackwater.

97. An Act for making and maintaining a new Road from Leeds to Whitehall, near Halifax, and several Branch Roads therefrom, ail in the West Riding of the County of York.

98. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Sheffield, in the County of York, to the Marple Bridge Road, in the Parish of Glossop, in the County of Derby, and the Branch to Mortimer s Road, in the Parish of Hathersage, in the said County of Derby.

99. An Act for more effectually maintaining and improving the Road from Teignmouth to Dawlish, and for making and maintaining Roads from Demolish to the Exeter Turnpike Roads, together with a Road from Southtown to Chudleigh, and certain Branches communicating with the same; all in the County of Devon.

100. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening and improving several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth, and Melcombe Regis and Dorchester, in the County of Dorset.

101. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Greenhill Moor to Hernstone Lane Head Road, near Stony Middleton, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Derby, and in the West Riding of the County of York; and for making an Extension and Branch of Road therefrom.

102. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to New Hey, in the Parish of Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster,With a Branch to Toothill Lane, in the said Riding; and for making a new Road from Buck Stones to the Highway leading from Ripponden to Stainland, at or near to Barkisland School.

103. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Meltham, in the Parish of Almondbury, to the Greenfield and Shepley Land Head Turnpike Road, near Wessenden Head, in the Township of Austonley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

104. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from or from near to a certain Place called Duffryn Llynvi, in the Parish of Llangonoyd, in the County of Glamorgan, to or near to a certain Bay called Pwll Cawl, otherwise Porth Cawl, in the Parish of Newton Nottage, in the same County; and for extending and improving the same Bay, by the Erection of a Pier and other suitable Works for that Purpose.

105. An Act for making and constructing certain Wet Docks, Warehouses and other Works, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, and in the Parish or Precinct of Saint Katharine, near the Tower of London, in the County of Middlesex.

106. An Act for collecting the Shaws Water, and applying the same to the driving Mills and Machinery, near the Town of Greenock, in the County of Renfrew, and for supplying the said Town and Harbour thereof with Water.

107. An Act for establishing additional Market Places in the City of Glasgow, for opening certain Streets and Communications therein, and otherwise improving the said City.

108. An Act for amending and continuing several Acts for repairing Roads, in the County of Renfrew.

109. An Act for more effectually making, maintaining and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Banff, Aberdeen and Elgin, and for building Bridges over the Rivers Spey and Dovern.

110. An Act to amend certain Acts for making and maintaining Roads, and converting the Statute Labour, in the Counties of Ross and Cromarty, and Part of Nairn, locally situate in the County of Ross.

111. An Act to amend an Act for making certain Streets in the City of Glasgow; and for forming a Street from King Street to Stockwell Street, and from thence to Howard Street, in the said City.

112. An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, to empower the Justices of the Peace within the Hundred of Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to raise a Sum of Money, to be paid by way of Salary to the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions for the said Hundred.

113. An Act for enabling the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions contained in the several Acts for making the said Canal.

114. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts of the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of His late Majesty, for improving the Haven of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln.

115. An Act for making and constructing a Harbour and other Works, in the Parish of Pembrey, in the County of Carmarthen; and for making a Canal and Railway from the said Harbour to the Kidwelly and Llanelly Canal, in the said County.

116. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of several Acts relating to the Harbour and Bridge of the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset.

117. An Act for amending Three Acts for enlarging the Harbour of Glasgow, and improving the Navigation of the River Clyde to the said City; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

118. An Act for making Wet Docks, Warehouses and other Works, in and near to Saint Saviour s Dock, in the Parishes of Saint John Southwark, and Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, to be called The South London Docks.

119. An Act for making and constructing certain Wet Docks, Warehouses and other Works, for the Accommodation and better Security of Ships and other Vessels in the Coal and other Trades, in the Isle of Dogs, in the Parish of All Saints Poplar, in the County of Middlesex.

120. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from the Sea Shore, at or near Whitstable, in the County of Kent, to or near to the City of Canterbury, in the said County.

121. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road, in the Parish of Saint George, in the Island of Portland, in the County of Dorset.

122. An Act for building Two Chapels in the Town of Brighthelmston, in the County of Sussex.

123. An Act to repeal Two Acts, respectively of the Thirty second and Thirty sixth Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Montgomery and Pool United District, and to provide new Powers and Regulations in lieu thereof.

124. An Act for erecting an additional Bridge over the River Dee, in the City of Chester, for opening and making convenient Roads and Approaches thereto, and for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Bridget, within the said City, and for repairing the present Bridge over the River Dee.

125. An Act for the rebuilding of Kingston Bridge, and for improving and making suitable Approaches thereto.

126. An Act to amend Two Acts for building a Bridge over the River South Esk, at or near the Town of Montrose, in the County of Forfar.

127. An Act for paving, lighting, watching and improving the City of York and the Suburbs thereof, and the Liberty of Saint Peter, within the said City; and for regulating the Police of the same respectively.

128. An Act for lighting, cleansing, watching and regulating the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

129. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, regulating and otherwise improving the Town and Parish of Louth, in the County of Lincoln.

130. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and otherwise improving the several Streets, Lanes, public Passages and Places, in the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford.

131. An Act for regulating the Markets in the Town of Burslem, in the County of Stafford; and for lighting, regulating the Police and watching the said Town of Burslem, and the Vills of Longport, Cobridge, Sneyd Green, and Parts adjacent, in the Parish of Burslem.

132. An Act for better paving and otherwise improving the Borough of Derby.

133. An Act for paving or flagging, lighting, cleansing, watching, regulating and improving the Town of Leamington Priors, in the County of Warwick.

134. An Act for paving, draining, cleansing, lighting, watching and improving the Streets and Public Places which are or shall be made upon certain Grounds in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster, commonly called Tothill Fields.

135. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to establish a Market for the Sale of Butcher s Meat and other Articles, and to repair and amend certain Roads in the Town or Tithing of Bognor, in the County of Sussex, and for making a Road along the Sea Coast, and for otherwise improving the said Town or Tithing.

136. An Act to incorporate a Company for lighting with Gas the City of Rochester, and Towns of Chatham and Strood, in the County of Kent, and Parts adjacent thereto respectively.

137. An Act for establishing a Company for lighting with Gas the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincoln.

138. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for lighting, watching and regulating the Streets, Lanes and other Public Passages and Places within the Town of Beverley, in the County of York.

139. An Act for removing the Markets held within the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon; for providing a Market Place, in the said Town, and for regulating and maintaining the said Markets.

140. An Act for regulating the Conversion of the Statute Labour within the Barony of Gorbals, in the City of Glasgow and County of Lanark.

141. An Act for establishing a Joint Stock Company for the Erection of Buildings and establishing Machinery for the Purpose of promoting and encouraging Manufactures in Ireland.

142. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Birmingham to or near the Town of Pershore.

143. An Act for maintaining and improving certain Roads leading to and from the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester.

144. An Act for repealing Two Acts for repairing the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, to Sparrow Pit Gate, in the County of Derby, and also an Act for making a Road from Banner Cross, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Fox House, in the County of Derby; and for consolidating the Trusts of certain Roads mentioned in the said Acts; and for amending and making certain other Roads to communicate therewith; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

145. An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale in the County Palatine of Lancaster to the Town of Burnley, in the said County, and for repairing and making certain other Roads to communicate therewith.

146. An Act for amending, repairing and maintaining the Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, to the North east End of Attercliffe, in the County of York.

147. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving so much of the Road leading from the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, towards the City of Gloucester, as lies within the Cheltenham District, and for opening new Communications with such Road.

148. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Voelas, in the said County, and from thence to Fynnon Eidda, in the County of Carnarvon.

149. An Act for repairing, widening, improving and maintaining in repair the Turnpike Roads from Leeds to Halifax, and the several Branches and Roads therein mentioned, in the West Riding of the County of York.

150. An Act for repairing the Road from the City of York to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank, in the County of York.

151. An Act for more effectually improving the Roads from Barnsley Common to Grange Moor and White Cross, and for making a Diversion of the said Roads from or near to Redbrook, in the Township of Barugh to Barnsley, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

152. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Kingston upon Hull, through the Town of Hessle, to the East End of the Town of Ferriby, all in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull.

153. An Act for repairing, improving and keeping in repair several Roads leading to and from the Town of Upton upon Severn, in the County of Worcester.

154. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Shepley Lane Head, to join the Barnsley and Grange Moor Turnpike Road, at or near Redbrook Plantation, in the Parish of Barton, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

155. An Act for repairing the Road from Bridgetown, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the same County, and a certain other Road in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester and Gloucester; and for making a new Branch of Road from the Village of Long Compton aforesaid into the Turnpike Road leading from Long Compton Hill to Woodstock, in the County of Oxford.

156. An Act for making and maintaining a public Carriage Road from Battle Bridge in the Parish of Saint Pancras to Holloway, in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex.

157. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening and improving the Road from Knightsbridge to Counters Bridge, and certain other Roads, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting, watching and watering the said Roads.

158. An Act for amending and maintaining the Road from the North End of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York.

159. An Act for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads in the same County.

160. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Brompton and Earles Court, in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbott's, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, to communicate with the Road called Fulham Fields Road at North End, in the same County; and for making another Turnpike Road to communicate therewith from the High Road from London to Fulham, in the said County.

161. An Act for maintaining and improving the Roads leading through the Town of Shiffnal, and the Road leading from Oaken Gates to Weston, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford.

162. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching and improving the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

163. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from Tarras Pill, in the Parish of Duloe, in the County of Cornwall, to or near Moors Water, in the Parish of Liskeard in the said County, and for making several Roads to communicate therewith.

164. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Adur, at or near Binesbridge, in the Parish of West Grinsted, in the County of Sussex, to Baybridge, in the said Parish.

165. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty King George the Third, for draining Lands within the Level of Ancholme, in the County of Lincoln, and making certain Parts of the River Ancholme navigable.

166. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Stour and Sandwich Haven, from the City of Canterbury to the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent; and for making and maintaining a new Haven from the said Town and Port of Sandwich to the Sea, and a Harbour on the Sea Shore.

167. An Act to facilitate Intercourse by Steam Navigation between the United Kingdom and the Continent and Islands of America and the West Indies.

168. An Act to amend an Act passed in the First and Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, to Moreton in Marsh, in the County of Gloucester, with a Branch to Shipston upon Stour, in the County of Worcester, and for making further Provisions touching the same.

169. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal, at or near Ryal, in the Parish of Uphall, to Whitburn and other Places, in the Counties of Linlithgow and Lanark.

170. An Act for the more effectual Security of the Harbour of Littlehampton, called Arundel Port, in the County of Sussex.

171. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Oldham and the Neighbourhood thereof, within the Parish of Prestwich cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for the better supplying the Inhabitants of the said Town and Neighbourhood with Water.

172. An Act for supplying the City and Suburbs of Limerick, in the County of the City of Limerick, with Water.

173. An Act for providing a greater and more regular Supply of Water in the River called The Water of Leith, in the County of Edinburgh.

174. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Parochial Rates within the Town and Parish of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford.

175. An Act for the better ascertaining, charging and collecting of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor within that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn which lies above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said County; for the better Maintenance, Employment and Regulation of the Poor thereof, and for regulating the Nightly Watch thereof.

176. An Act for extinguishing Tithes and Customary Payments in lieu of Tithes, within the Parish of Saint Botolph without Bishopsgate, in the Liberties of the City of London; and for making Compensation to the Rector for the Time being in lieu thereof.

177. An Act for paving, lighting, watching and otherwise improving the Town of Godalming, in the County of Surrey.

178. An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Pavement of the City of Canterbury to improve and alter the Line of certain Streets, called Palace Street, The Borough of Staplegate and Northgate Street, from the Entrance into the Archbishop's Palace, in Palace Street, to Cold Harbour Lane, in Northgate Street aforesaid, within the said City of Canterbury, and the County of the same City, and the County of Kent.

179. An Act for the better regulating, paving, improving and managing the Town of Brighthelmston, in the County of Sussex, and the Poor thereof.

180. An Act to amend several Acts relating to the City of Londonderry.

181. An Act to encourage the working of Mines in Ireland, by means of English Capital, and to regulate a Joint Stock Company for that Purpose, to be called "The Arigna Iron and Coal Company."

182. An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to encourage the working of Mines in Ireland, by means of English Capital, and to regulate a Joint Stock Company for that Purpose.

183. An Act for opening certain Streets, in the Burgh of Dundee, and otherwise improving the said Burgh.

184. An Act for paving, cleansing, draining, lighting, watching, regulating and improving the Town of Cirencester, and for disposing of certain Common and Waste Lands and Common Rights within the Parishes of Cirencester and Preston, and for making Drains through the said Parishes, and the Parish of Siddington, in the County of Gloucester.

185. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Doncaster, through Hatfield, to Baln Croft Barn, near Thorne, with One Branch therefrom, in the West Riding of the County of York.

186. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Felbrigg, Aylmerton, Metton, Sustead and Gresham, in the County of Norfolk.

187. An Act for the further Improvement of the Port and Harbour and Town of Liverpool, and for altering, extending and amending the several Acts relating thereto.

188. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His late Majesty, for embanking, inclosing and draining Lands, in the Parish of Wainfleet Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln.

189. An Act for better paving, lighting, watching and otherwise improving the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks; for removing Nuisances, Annoyances and Encroachments therein, and for preventing the same in future.

190. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Glasgow and Parkhead Road to Woodend, in the County of Lanark.

191. An Act for making and maintaining the Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and certain other Roads, in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton and Lanark.

192. An Act for more effectually amending and keeping in repair the Road leading from or near the Church of New Kilpatrick, by Lawmuir, to the Town of Old Kilpatrick, in the County of Dumbarton.

193. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from Lough Erne, in the County of Fermanagh, to the River Blackwater, near the Village of Charlemont, in the County of Armagh.

194. An Act for the better supplying the Town of Paisley, in the County of Renfrew, with Water.

195. An Act to enable the Rector, Churchwardens and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Dunstan in the East, in the City of London, to borrow Money for paying off certain debts of the said Parish, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

196. An Act for better lighting, watching and improving the Borough and Township of Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, and regulating the Police thereof.

197. An Act to enable the West India Company to sue in the Name or Names of the Chairman for the Time being, or of any other Member or Members of the Company, and for other Purposes.

198. An Act to enable the Imperial Mining Company for Ireland to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary, or of One of the Members of the said Company.

199. An Act for making and maintaining a Canal for Ships and other Vessels, to commence at or near Seaton Bay, in the County of Devon, and terminating in the Bristol Channel, at or near Stolford, or Bridgewater Bay, in the County of Somerset; with several collateral Branches to communicate therewith.

200. An Act for making and constructing a Harbour and other Works, in the Parish of Sidmouth, in the County of Devon.

201. An Act to enable the Mayor, Burgesses and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, to reduce, alter, modify and regulate certain Dues called Town Dues and Mayors Dues, and for the charging and collecting thereof.

202. An Act for enabling the Alliance Marine Assurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman for the Time being, or of any other Member of the Company.

