Local Acts passed in 1826, 7 George 4 c.1 - c.142.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1826.
---

1. An Act to repeal Two Acts relating to the Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Loes and Wilford, in the County of Suffolk, and to disincorporate the said Hundreds.

2. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Witham Navigation to complete the Drainage and Navigation by the River Witham; and to raise a further Sum of Money for that Purpose.

3. An Act for the Appropriation of Two Chapels as Chapels of Ease to the Parish Church of Brighthelmston, in the County of Sussex.

4. An Act for maintaining and repairing the Bridge over the River Avon, at or near Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, and for widening and improving the Approaches thereto.

5. An Act for enlarging the present Market, and establishing Fish Markets, in the Town and Port of Dover in the County of Kent; and for removing the Elections of Members and of Mayors of the said Town from the Church of Saint Mary the Virgin in Dover.

6. An Act for lighting, watching, paving, cleansing and improving the Streets, Highways and Places within the Town and Borough of Newport, in the County of Monmouth.

7. An Act for enlarging the Market House and regulating the Markets within the Borough of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset; for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Places within the said Borough or adjacent thereto, and for the Improvement thereof.

8. An Act for lighting with Gas the several Townships of Macclesfield, Sutton and Hardsfield, all in the Parish of Brestbury, in the County Palatine of Chester.

9. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Cannock in the County of Stafford to Penkridge in the same County.

10. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Worthing to Lancing in the County of Sussex, and Groynes, Embankments and other Sea Defences, for protecting such Road and the Lands adjoining from the future Encroachments of the Sea.

11. An Act for improving the Road from Collingham in the West Riding of the County of York, to the City of York; and for making certain Diversions from such Road.

12. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Chippenham Bridge in the County of Wilts to the Top of Togg Hill in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties and in the County of Somerset, called The Marshfield District.

13. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Godalming, through Hascomb, to Pains Hill in the County of Surrey.

14. An Act for improving the Turnpike Road from Knaresbrough to the Junction of the Road from Ripon to Pateley Bridge, in the West Riding of the County of York.

15. An Act for maintaining and improving the Road leading from Pengate in the Parish of Westbury to a Place formerly called Price's Warren Gate, at Tinhead in the Parish of Edington in the County of Wilts, and other Roads near or adjoining the said Roads, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset.

16. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Salters Brook in the County Palatine of Chester; and for making and maintaining several Extensions or Diversions of Road, and a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith.

17. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from South Shields to White Mere Pool, and from thence to join the Durham and Newcastle Turnpike Road at Vigo Lane, with a Branch from Jarrow Slake to East Boldon, all in the County of Durham.

18. An Act for amending and maintaining the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Farrard's Common in the Parish of Bradford, through Holt and Melksham, to Homan's Stile in the Parish of Lacock in the County of Wilts, and the Road leading therefrom to the Bath Turnpike Road upon Kingsdown Hill in the same County.

19. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road, commencing at or near a certain House called The Shrewsbury Arms, situate at Hinderton in the Township of Little Neston, by way of Upton, and terminating in the Township of Hoose, and from Upton aforesaid to the Township of Birkenhead, and also certain Branches of Road to communicate therewith, all in the County Palatine of Chester.

20. An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sandon in the County of Stafford to Bullock Smithy in the County of Chester, and from Hilderstone to Draycot in the Moors, and from Wetley Rocks to Tean, in the County of Stafford, so far as relates to the Macclesfield District of Road; and for making a Diversion of Road in the said District.

21. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Ridghill and Lanes, in the Parish of Ashton under Lyne in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to or near to Holehouse in Saddleworth in the West Riding of the County of York.

22. An Act for repairing the Road from Birmingham to Watford Gap, in the Parish of Sutton Coldfield in the County of Warwick, and other Roads communicating therewith.

23. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Arrow in the County of Warwick to Pot Hooks End in the County of Worcester, and from Dunnington in the said County of Warwick to Crabs Cross in the said County of Worcester.

24. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Littlegate, at the Top of Leadenham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to Newark upon Trent, and from Newark upon Trent to Mansfield, and from Southwell to the South End of the Town of Oxton, in the County of Nottingham.

25. An Act for repairing, widening and improving the several Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for making certain new Lines of Road to communicate with the same; and for keeping in repair Exe Bridge and Countess Wear Bridge.

26. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Bounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, between the Towns of Kilmallock and Charleville, to the City of Cork.

27. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening and improving the Road from the City of Norwich to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk.

28. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Brighthelmston Road at Pyecombe to Warninglid Cross in the Parish of Cuckfield, and from Pyecombe to the Henfield Road at Poynings Common, in the County of Sussex, and for making a new Road from Warninglid Cross to Hand Cross in the said County.

29. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Wimpole in the County of Cambridge to Wrestlingworth in the County of Bedford, and from Wrestlingworth to Potton, both in the said County of Bedford.

30. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Peak Forest Canal, in the Township of Marple, in the County Palatine of Chester, to join the Canal Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, at or near Harding's Wood Lock, in the Township or Hamlet of Talk, or Talk on the Hill, in the County of Stafford.

31. An Act to amend an Act for separating the Management of the Harbour of Margate, in the County of Kent, from the Paving and Lighting of the Town of Margate, and for vesting the future Management of the said Harbour in a Joint Stock Company of Proprietors.

32. An Act to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse within the Town and Port of Ramsgate in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent.

33. An Act for the better and more effectually supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Saint Mary, Saint Lawrence and Saint Giles, Reading, in the County of Berks.

34. An Act for embanking, draining and otherwise improving Lands in the Parishes of Metheringham and Dunston, in the County of Lincoln.

35. An Act for lighting, watching, cleansing and otherwise improving the Camberwell New Road, the Lambeth Wyke Estate and other Places in the Vicinity thereof, in the Parishes of Lambeth, Camberwell and Newington, in the County of Surrey.

36. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Burnley cum Habergham Eaves, otherwise the Townships of Burnley and Habergham Eaves, within the Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

37. An Act for lighting with Gas the Village of Heywood, within the Parish of Bury, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

38. An Act for enabling the Glasgow Gas Light Company to raise a farther Sum of Money for the Use of their Works, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

39. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Pick's Hill, near the Town of Langport Eastover, in the County of Somerset, through High Ham, Ashcott and other Places, to Meare, in the said County.

40. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Great North Road, at Barnby Moor in the County of Nottingham, to the Turnpike Road leading from Bawtry to Tinsley in the County of York, and from the said Bawtry and Tinsley Turnpike Road, at the North East End of Blackhill Lane, to the Town of Rotherham, in the said County of York.

41. An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Powers granted by an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His late Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners acting in execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the same into effect.

42. An Act for building a new Bridewell or House of Correction for the City and Liberty of Westminster.

43. An Act for erecting and maintaining a Harbour, and Works connected therewith, in the Frith of Cromarty, at or near the Village of Invergordon, in the County of Ross.

44. An Act for making and constructing a Canal from the Town of Alford in the County of Lincoln, to the Sea, at or near the Village of Anderby in the same County, with a Basin, Harbour and Piers.

45. An Act to alter and amend the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal Acts, and to enable the Company to borrow a further Sum of Money.

46. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from Heck Bridge in the Parish of Snaith, to Wentbridge in the Parish of Kirksmeaton, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

47. An Act for maintaining an existing public Railway from the Summit of the Hill above Churchway Engine, in the Forest of Dean, to Cinderford Bridge, and for making public a private Railway from thence to the River Severn, at or near Bullo Pill, all in the County of Gloucester; and for amending an Act of His late Majesty relating to the said Railways.

48. An Act for making a Railway from Arbuckle and Ballochney, in the Parish of New Monkland, in the County of Lanark, to or near the Termination of the Monkland and Kirkintilloch Railway, at Kipps or Kippbyres, also in the said Parish of New Monkland and County of Lanark.

49. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from the Town of Liverpool to the Town of Manchester, with certain Branches therefrom, all in the County of Lancaster.

50. An Act for building a Church or Chapel of Ease in the Township of Ripon, in the West Riding of the County of York.

51. An Act for erecting and endowing a Church in the Parish of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to be called the Church of Saint David.

52. An Act for providing an additional Cemetery in the Parish of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

53. An Act for further improving the Communication between the Counties of Edinburgh and Fife by the Ferries cross the Frith of Forth between Leith and Newhaven, and Kinghom, Burntisland and Dysart.

54. An Act for extinguishing Tithes and Customary Payments in lieu of Tithes and Easter Offerings within the Parish of Saint Giles Cripplegate, in the Liberties of the City of London; and for making Compensation to the Vicar for the Time being in lieu thereof.

55. An Act for erecting and providing a New Corn Exchange at or near Mark Lane in the City of London.

56. An Act for better paving, lighting, cleansing, watching and otherwise improving the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks.

57. An Act for widening and improving certain Streets in the Town of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for the further Prevention of Nuisances and Annoyances in the said Town; for the Regulation of Weighing Machines, Weights and Measures, and the Establishment of a Fire Police therein.

58. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, repairing and otherwise improving Grosvenor Place, and several Streets, Squares, Lanes and other Public Places now existing, and which shall hereafter be formed, upon certain Grounds in the several Parishes of Saint George Hanover Square, and Saint Luke Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex.

59. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Severn, at or near Holt Fleet, in the Parishes of Holt and Ombersley, in the County of Worcester; and for making Approaches to such Bridge.

60. An Act to authorise the building a Bridge in Belvidere Road in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the County of Surrey.

61. An Act for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of an Act relating to the Tewkesbury Severn Bridge and Roads.

62. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Virniew, near Llanymynech, and making Roads, Embankments and Approaches thereto, in the several Counties of Montgomery, Salop and Denbigh, on the Road leading from Liverpool to Carmarthen, and for several other Purposes relating thereto.

63. An Act for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of All Saints Wandsworth, in the County of Surrey.

64. An Act for better lighting and watching the Town of Portsea, in the County of Southampton; and for amending an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His late Majesty, for paving, cleansing and regulating the Streets and Public Places within the said Town, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

65. An Act to amend an Act for opening a Street from the Cross of Glasgow to Monteith Row.

66. An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty's Reign, for lighting with Gas the City of Norwich and County of the same City.

67. An Act for placing certain Lands belonging to the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of Prestwich cum Oldham, in the County of Lancaster, under the Management of Trustees; and for making Conveyances thereof, at annual Rents, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Township.

68. An Act for establishing and well governing the Institution called "The School for the Indigent Blind," and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto, and the better enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs.

69. An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of Kinross, and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways within the said County.

70. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road leading from Maidenhead Bridge to the Thirty three Mile Stone towards Reading, and from the said Road at the East Entrance on Maidenhead Thicket to the Thirty Mile Stone towards Henley, in the County of Berks.

71. An Act for more effectually maintaining so much of the Road from Richmond in the County of York to Lancaster in the County of Lancaster, and from Gilling to the Turnpike Road on Gatherley Moor, as relates to the Western District of the said Road; and for altering and diverting certain Parts of the said Western District of the said Road.

72. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Kirkby Steven High Lane Head, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the several Counties of Westmoreland, Lancaster and York; and for diverting, extending and altering some of the said Roads.

73. An Act for repairing the Road from the Thirty three Mile Stone in the Parish of Ruscombe in the County of Berks towards Reading, to a Place called The Seven Mile Stone in the Parish of Beenham in the same County, and a certain other Road communicating therewith.

74. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road, leading out of the Alstone Turnpike Road at Branch End in the County of Northumberland, through Catton, Allendale Tovon and Allenheads, to Cows Hill in the County of Durham, with several Branches therefrom.

75. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, altering, improving and maintaining the Road from the Town of Alnwick in the County of Northumberland, by Eglingham and Chatton, to the Great North Turnpike Road near to Haggerston Toll Bar in the County of Durham.

76. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads between Tyburn and Uxbridge, and the Road leading from Brent Bridge over Hanwell Heath to the Great Western Road, and also for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Uxbridge Road at Shepherds Bush Common to the said Great Western Road near Turnham Green, all in the County of Middlesex; and for lighting, watching and watering the said Roads.

77. An Act for more effectually repairing so much of the Road from Henley Bridge to Maidenhead Thicket as lies between the said Bridge and the Thirtieth Mile Stone from London, in the Parish of Bisham, in the County of Berks.

78. An Act for making, maintaining and repairing certain Roads leading into and from the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, towards the Cities of Gloucester and Worcester, and the Towns of Cheltenham, Stow on the Wold, Evesham and Pershore, and certain other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester.

79. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Ashborne in the County of Derby to Leek in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate upon Rushton Common to Congleton in the County of Chester.

80. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from a Place called Coxbridge, near Farnham in the County of Surrey, to Ramshill near Petersfield in the County of Southampton.

81. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Top of Hunts Bank in the Town of Manchester in the County of Lancaster, to join the present Manchester and Bury Turnpike Road in Pilkington in the said County.

82. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from West Houghton to near Halliwell Field, in the Township of Heath Charnock in the County of Lancaster.

83. An Act for making into a Turnpike Road a Road leading from the Cross Gate in the Parish of Swineshead, to the Southern Extremity of the Parish of Fosdyke in the County of Lincoln, and repairing and maintaining the same.

84. An Act for more effectually making, repairing and improving certain Roads leading to and from Liskeard, and certain other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon.

85. An Act for repairing the Roads from Spalding High Bridge to the Market Place in Donington, and from the Tenth Mile Stone in the Parish of Gosbertown to the Eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of Wigtoft, in the County of Lincoln.

86. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Flint to the Lower King's Ferry, and for making and. maintaining Two new Branches of Roads from the Lower King's Ferry aforesaid, to or near to the Town of Mold, all in the County of Flint.

87. An Act for more effectually amending and keeping in repair the Road called The Hulton Turnpike Road lying between Knocket Wall Brook and the White Horse in West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

88. An Act for amending, repairing and maintaining the Turnpike Road from the South End of the Town of Rotherham in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near Pleasley in the County of Derby.

89. An Act for amending, repairing and maintaining the Turnpike Road from Tinsley in the County of York to the Town of Doncaster in the said County.

90. An Act for making a Turnpike Road from Saint Johns Chapel, in the Parish of Saint Mary le bone, to the North East End of Ballard's Lane, abutting upon the North Road in the Parish of Finchley, with a Branch therefrom, in the County of Middlesex.

91. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from Paddington to Harrow on the Hill in the County of Middlesex; and for making certain new Lines of Road to communicate with the same.

92. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads leading to and from the Towns of Newton Bushell, South Bovey and Moretonhampstead in the County of Devon.

93. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Gomersal to Dewsbury in the West Riding of the County of York, with Two Branch Roads therefrom.

94. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal to raise further Sums of Money to discharge their Debts and to complete the Canal, and for amending the Acts for making and maintaining the said Canal, and for granting to the said Company further and other Powers.

95. An Act for making a navigable Canal from the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, in the Parish of Teitenhall in the County of Stafford, to the United Navigation of the Ellesmere and Chester Canals, in the Parish of Acton in the County Palatine of Chester.

96. An Act to amend an Act for making a Canal from Counters Bridge, on the Road from London to Hammersmith, to the River Thames, in the County of Middlesex; and to enable the Kensington Canal Company to raise a further Sum of Money for the Completion of the said Canal.

97. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Dun, and for altering the Course thereof, by making certain new Cuts or Canals from the same; and for amending, altering and enlarging the Powers granted to the Company of Proprietors by several Acts now in force.

98. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from Edinburgh to the South Side of the River North Esk, near Dalkeith and Newbattle, with Branches therefrom, all in the County of Edinburgh.

99. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from Manchester to Oldham, with a Branch from Failsworth Pole to or near to Dry Clough in the Township of Royton, all in the County Palatine of Lanctsster.

100. An Act for making and maintaining a Tram Road or Railway from the End of the Grosmont Railway at Monmouth Cap in the Parish of Llangua in the County of Monmouth, to Wye Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Martin, within the Liberties of the City of Hertford.

101. An Act for making a Railway from the Royal Burgh and Port of Dundee in the County of Forfar, to Newtyle in the said County.

102. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from or from near a certain Place called Aber Dulais to or near to a certain other Place called Cwm Dulais, both in the Parish of Cadoxton juxta Neath in the County of Glamorgan.

103. An Act for making a Railway from the Monkland and Kirkintilloch Railway, by Garnkirk, to Glasgow.

104. An Act for raiding Money for building a Crypt and Tower to the additional Church erecting in the Parish or Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey in the County of Surrey; for vesting the said Church and the Burial Ground thereof in Trustees; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

105. An Act to alter and amend several Acts made in the Twenty eighth, Thirty eighth, Thirty ninth, Forty fifth, Forty seventh and Fifty third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith; and to appoint Commissioners for the Superintendence and Management of the said Harbour and Docks, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

106. An Act for constructing a Bridge across Sutton Wash, otherwise called Cross Keys Wash, between the Counties of Lincoln and Norfolk.

107. An Act for widening and improving the Bridge of Irvine, for making Streets communicating thereto, and for more effectually enlarging, deepening, improving and maintaining the Harbour of Irvine, in the County of Ayr.

108. An Act for more effectually supplying the City of Edinburgh and Places adjacent with Water; and for supplying the Town and Port of Leith and Places adjacent, and His Majesty's Dock Yards at Leith, with Water.

109. An Act for supplying with Water the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham in the County of Warwick.

110. An Act for better supplying the Inhabitants of the City of Chester with Water.

111. An Act for better supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Town of Nottingham and its Vicinity.

112. An Act for lighting the Royal Burgh of Inverness, Suburbs thereof and Places adjacent, with Gas, and supplying the same with Water.

113. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts Kensington in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for better regulating the said Parish.

114. An Act to amend an Act of the Thirty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, of the Parish of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, Fleet Street, in the City of London.

115. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for watching, cleansing and lighting the Streets of the City of Edinburgh and adjoining Districts; for regulating the Police thereof; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

116. An Act for extinguishing Tithes and Customary Payments in lieu of Tithes within that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate which is situate in the City of London, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof; and for increasing the Provision for the Incumbent of the same Parish.

117. An Act for paving, watching, lighting, cleansing and improving the Township of Oldham in the County Lancaster, and for regulating the Police thereof.

118. An Act for lighting, cleansing, watching and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Places within the Town of Stockport in the County Palatine of Chester, and for regulating the Police of the said Town.

119. An Act for regulating the Police of the Burgh of Anderston and Lands of Lancefield and others adjoining the said Burgh, in the County of Lanark, paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets and Passages of the said District, and for erecting a Court House and Gaol therein.

120. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing and improving the Town and Parish of Sunderland near the Sea in the County of Durham; for removing the Market; and for otherwise improving the said Town.

121. An Act for better paving, lighting, regulating and improving the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster.

122. An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Marsh Lands or Low Grounds in the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, Rolvenden, Tenterden, Wittersham, Ebony, Woodchurch, Appledore and Stone, in the County of Kent; and Ticehurst, Salehurst, Bodiam, Ewhurst, Northiam, Beckly, Peasmarsh, Iden and Playden, in the County of Sussex.

123. An Act to amend and alter an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for establishing a Joint Stock Company for the Erection of Buildings and establishing Machinery for the Purpose of promoting and encouraging Manufactures in Ireland.

124. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for facilitating Intercourse by Steam Navigation between the United Kingdom and the Continent and Islands of America and the West Indies.

125. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, commonly called The New Cross Turnpike Roads.

126. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Whitecross, in the Parish of Leven, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley in the said County.

127. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Halifax to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, so far as relates to the Third District of the said Road, and for diverting and altering the said District of Road.

128. An Act for making, amending, widening, repairing and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the County of Forfar.

129. An Act for making a Turnpike Road from Shipley to Bromley, together with certain Branches therefrom, in the West Riding of the County of York.

130. An Act for more effectually improving the Roads from Lancaster to Salter's Brook Bridge, and for diverting and altering the said Roads, and making certain Branches therefrom, all in the County of York.

131. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Sudbury in the County of Suffolk, to Bury Saint Edmunds in the said County.

132. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening and improving the Roads from Cranford Bridge in the County of Middlesex to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks, and from Slough to Eton Town End, and from Langley Broom to Datchet Bridge in the said County of Bucks; and for watering the said Roads.

133. An Act for making a Road from the Foot of the Salt Market of Glasgow to the Kilmarnock or Cathcart Turnpike Road, and for building a Bridge in the Line thereof across the River Clyde from Glasgow to Hutchisontown.

134. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Markfield Turnpike to the Road leading from Loughborough to Ashby de la Zouch in the County of Leicester.

135. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Willersley Turnpike Road near Part on to Monkland Mill, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester.

136. An Act for making a Turnpike Road from Wells next the Sea to Fakenham, with a Branch therefrom, all in the County of Norfolk.

137. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near the Town of Swindon to the North End of the Town of Marlborough in the County of Wilts.

138. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads leading to and from the Town of Salford, through Pendleton and other Places therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and for making and maintaining certain Diversions or new Lines of Road to communicate therewith.

139. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from the City of Limerick to the Town of Garrick in the County of Tipperary, with several Branches therefrom in the County of Tipperary aforesaid and in the County of the City of Waterford.

140. An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal and certain Persons, for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of Paddington and Places adjacent in the County of Middlesex; and also an Act of His said late Majesty's Reign, to alter certain Acts relating to the Grand Junction Canal, the Grand Junction Waterworks and the Regent's Canal, in order to effect an Exchange of Water for the better Supply of the Regent's Canal Navigation and Grand Junction Waterworks; and for amending the Powers vested in the Grand Junction Waterworks Company; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

141. An Act to repeal an Act of the Twenty fourth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to several Parishes within the Town of Shrewsbury, and the Liberties thereof, in the County of Salop; and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

142. An Act for consolidating the Trusts of the several Turnpike Roads in the Neighbourhood of the Metropolis, North of the River Thames.

