Local Acts passed in 1827, 7 & 8 George 4 c.1 - c.112.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1827.
---

1. An Act for building a Church or Chapel of Blase within the Township of Oulton-cum-Woodlesford, in the Parish of Rothwell in the West Riding of the County of York.

2. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham and Liverpool Junction Canal Navigation to alter the Line of the said Navigation; and to make certain Branches therefrom, in the Counties of Stafford and Salop.

3. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Nantille Railway to raise a further Sum of Money, for completing the said Railway and other Works.

4. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Temple Normanton in the Parish of Chesterfield, to the Mansfield and Tibshelf Turnpike Road, at or near Tibshelf Side Gate, in the County of Derby.

5. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Chappel's Corner in the Parish of Ashcott, to join the Bristol Turnpike Road at or near Rowberrow Hill, all in the County of Somerset.

6. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Godley Lane Head, near Halifax, to Northowram Green, in the West Riding of the County of York.

7. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from the North-west Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Nettleham Fields, Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the North-east Part of the said County, and other Roads therein described, in the said County and in the City of Lincoln.

8. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from Cosham in the County of Southampton to the City of Chichester.

9. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Holme across the River Irwell, through Salford, to Eccles, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and a Branch of Road communicating therewith.

10. An Act for enabling the Justices of the Peace for the County of Essex to raise Money for defraying certain Expences incurred under an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for building an additional Gaol for the County of Essex, and for enlarging, improving, and altering the existing Prisons for the same County; and for amending the said Act, and for extending the Power thereof, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

11. An Act to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the Canterbury and Whitstable Railway to vary the Line of the Railway, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing their Works, and to alter and enlarge the Powers of the Act passed for making and maintaining the said Railway.

xil. An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads in and through His Majesty's Forest of Dean, and the Waste Lands thereto belonging, in the County of Gloucester, and in the Parishes of Newland, Awre, and Lydney, in the said County; and for making and maintaining several new Roads in and adjoining the said Forest.

13. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Foxley Hatch in the Parish of Croydon into the Town of Reigate in the County of Surrey.

14. An Act for more effectually improving and keeping in repair the several Roads leading to and from the Town of Barnstaple in the County of Devon; and for making certain new Lines of Road to communicate with the same.

15. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from the Buck's Head at Watling Street to Beckbury and the New Inn, and from the Birches Brook to the Hand Post in the Parish of Kemberton; and for making a new Branch of Road from a Place called Ball's Hill in the Parish of Dawley, adjoining or near to the said Roads, to or near to a Place called Lawley in the Parish of Wellington; all in the County of Salop.

16. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester.

17. An Act for repairing the Road from Alford to Boston, and from thence to Cambridge in the Township of Frithville, in the County of Lincoln.

18. An Act for more effectually amending and widening the Roads from Penryn to Redruth in the County of Cornwall; and for building a Bridge over Penryn River.

19. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Shillingford in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne, to Reading in the County of Berks; and for repairing and maintaining a Bridge over the River Thames at or near Shillingford Ferry.

20. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act relating to the Heckbridge and Wentbridge Railway.

21. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of an Act relating to the Liverpool and Manchester Railway.

22. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of Life Annuities granted or purchased by the Sun Fire Office Company.

23. An Act for providing a further Maintenance for the Rector of the Parish or Saint John Horslydown, within the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

24. An Act to enable the Birmingham Coal Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary, or One of the Members of the said Company.

25. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Chapel-en-le-Frith to or near to Enterclough Bridge in the County of Derby, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Derby, and in the County Palatine of Chester.

26. An Act for repairing the Roads from Warwick to Paddle Brook in the Parish of Stretton-on-the-Fosse, and from Warwick to Stratford-upon-Avon, in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester.

27. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from the East End of Chapel Bar in Nottingham to the new China Works near Derby, and from the Guide Post in the Parish of Lenton to Sawley Ferry, all in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby.

28. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and maintaining the Roads from the Town of Bury, through Haslingden, to Blackburn and Whalley, and also from Portfield to Padiham, and for making, repairing, and improving other Roads to communicate therewith, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

29. An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Tenth Year of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the City and County of the City of Norwich, for the better Employment and maintaining of the Poor there.

30. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the rebuilding of London Bridge, and for improving and making suitable Approaches thereto.

31. An Act for erecting a Bridge over the River Bure, from Runham to Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk.

32. An Act for explaining and amending Three Acts for building a Bridge across the River Clyde, from the City of Glasgow to the Village of Gorbals; and for repairing, widening, and enlarging the Old Bridge across the said River, from the said City to the said Village; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act to empower the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westminster and Part of the County of Middlesex to purchase certain Premises situate at the Corner of Sun Court in Curzon Street, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the said City and Liberty; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

34. An Act for more effectually enlarging and improving the Harbours of Peterhead in the County of Aberdeen.

35. An Act to continue and amend Four Acts for the Improvement of the Port and Harbour of Drogheda, in the County of the Town of Drogheda, and the Counties of Louth and Meath.

36. An Act to extend the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for supplying the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, with Water, to Harrington and Toxteth Park in the said County.

37. An Act for better regulating the Supply of Water in the Town of Leek in the County of Stafford.

38. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Portsea Island Waterworks to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes relating to the said Undertaking.

39. An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for lighting, notching, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Camberwell New Road, the Lambeth Wyke Estate, and other Places in the Vicinity thereof, in the Parishes of Lambeth, Camberwell, and Newington, in the County of Surrey.

40. An Act to amend an Act for enlarging the Powers of the Company of Merchants of the City of Edinburgh.

41. An Act for improving and supporting the Navigation of the River Brue, from the Mouth thereof, at its Junction with the River Parrett, to Cripps's House, and for making and constructing a Canal from thence to the Town of Glastonbury in the County of Somerset.

42. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Communication for Ships and other Vessels between the City of Norwich and the Sea, at or near Lowestoft in the County of Suffolk.

43. An Act for forming a Carriage Road or Drive round the Park or Public Green of Glasgow; and for the better Regulation of the Fireplaces and Chimnies of Steam Engines and other Works in the said City and Suburbs.

44. An Act for more effectually improving Golden Square, in the Parish of Saint James's Westminster, in the County of Middlesex.

45. An Act for paving, gravelling, and otherwise improving certain Streets and Places on the East Side of Kentish Town in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex.

46. An Act for removing the Corn, Hay, and Cattle Markets of the Town of Sheffield in the West Riding of the County of York; for erecting a Corn Exchange and improving the Market Places and regulating the Fairs and Markets of the said Town, and erecting a Bridge there over the River Dun.

47. An Act for improving the Drainage of Part of the South Level of the Fens within the Great Level commonly called Bedford Level, and the Navigation of the Rivers passing through the same, in the Counties of Cambridge, Suffolk, and Norfolk, and in the Isle of Ely.

48. An Act for maintaining and repairing the Public Drains, Bridges, and Highways, on certain Extra-parochial Lands formerly called Sinfin Moor, in the County of Derby.

49. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Ings, and Waste Lands in the Parish of Washingborough in the County of Lincoln, and Township of Heighington in the same Parish; and also for embanking, draining, and improving certain Lands within the same Parish and Township.

50. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from the North Side of Cavendish Bridge in the County of Derby to the Town of Derby, and from the said Town to the Guide Post on Hulland Ward in the same County.

51. An Act for amending, improving, and maintaining in repair the Road between the Point at which the great Roads from the City of Carlisle to the Cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow respectively separate, and Westlinton Bridge in the County of Cumberland.

52. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Speenhamland in the County of Berks to Marlborough in the County of Wilts, so far as relates to the Marlborough District of the said Road.

53. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Whitby to Middleton in the County of York.

54. An Act for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Hillmorton in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Saint James's End in the Parish of Duston in the County of Northampton.

55. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Hollinwood to Littleborough, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the County of Lancaster.

56. An Act for repairing the Road from the High Bridge in Spalding to Tydd Goat in the County of Lincoln, and other Roads in the same County.

57. An Act for more effectually amending and improving the Road from Bawtry Bridge in the County of Nottingham to Hainton in the County of Lincoln, and other Roads therein mentioned.

58. An Act for amending, repairing, and maintaining the Turnpike Road from Rotherham to Swinton in the West Riding of the County of York.

59. An Act for repairing the Road from Blackburn in the County Palatine of Lancaster to Addingham and Cocking End in the West Riding of the County of York; and for making and maintaining a new Road from Old Acrington to the Burnley and Rochdale Turnpike Road in Habergham Eaves in the said County of Lancaster, and a Branch therefrom.

60. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roads from the Stone Pillar on Alconbury Hill to Wansford Bridge, and from Norman Cross to Peterborough Bridge, all in the County of Huntingdon.

61. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from Romsey to Stockbridge and Wallop, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Southampton.

62. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Frodsham to the South End of Wilderspool Causeway, within Appleton, in the County Palatine of Chester: and for making and maintaining a certain Extension or new Branch of Road to communicate therewith.

63. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Rochdale, through Bamford and Birtle to Bury, and several other Roads, therein mentioned, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

64. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Standedge in Saddleworth in the County of York to Oldham in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said County of York, and for making and maintaining Two new Branches to communicate therewith.

65. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kilcullen in the County of Kildare to the Town of Carlow.

66. An Act for repairing and improving the Road from Dublin, by Ashbourne, to Slane and Drogheda.

67. An Act for repairing the Road from Barton Waterside House to Riseham Hedge Comer, and other Roads in the County of Lincoln connected herewith.

68. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from the End of Ardwick Green, near Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Hyde Lane Bridge in the County Palatine of Chester.

69. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of Leeds in the West Riding of the County of York.

70. An Act for more effectually making, amending, and improving the Road from Buck Stones to Barkisland School, at the Highway leading from Ripponden to Stainland; and for making and maintaining an Extension of the said Road to join the Halifax and Huddersfield Turnpike Road at the South End of Elland Bridge, and a Branch therefrom; all in the West Riding of the County of York.

71. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of Northampton in the County of Northampton to Cold Brayfield in the County of Buckingham.

72. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act relating to the Road from Bamsdale through Pontefract to Thwaite Gate, near Leeds, and also of an Act relating to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

73. An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Creed to Ruan Lanehorne, and from Dennis Water to Trethim Mill, all in the County of Cornwall.

74. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the South-east End of the Town of Loughborough in the County of Leicester, commencing at South Field Lane, to the South End of Cavendish Bridge, in the same County.

75. An Act for the better Regulation of the Watermen and Lightermen on the River Thames, between Yantlet Creek and Windsor.

76. An Act for carrying into Effect certain Improvements within the City of Edinburgh, and adjacent to the same.

77. An Act for lighting, cleansing, watching, and otherwise improving the Town of Ashton-under-Lyne in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for regulating the Police thereof.

78. An Act for the more effectual repairing, maintaining, and improving the Piers and Harbour of the Town and Port of Whitby in the County of York.

79. An Act to extend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His late Majesty, for improving the Port and Harbour of Boston in the County of Lincoln.

80. An Act for maintaining and improving the Harbour of Ardglass in the County of Down.

81. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey to make Two Branches or Cuts from and out of the same Navigation, and for further amending the Acts of the said Company.

82. An Act for more effectually supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and the Neighbourhood thereof.

83. An Act for supplying with Water the Town and Suburbs of Shrewsbury in the County of Salop.

84. An Act for supplying with Water the Town and Neighbourhood of Huddersfield in the West Riding of the County of York.

85. An Act for improving the Outfall of the River Nene, and the Drainage of the Lands discharging their Waters into the Wisbech River, and the Navigation of the said Wisbech River from the upper End of Kinderley's Cut to the Sea; and for embanking the Salt Marshes and Bare Sands lying between the said Cut and the Sea.

86. An Act for watching, regulating, and improving the City of Carlisle, and the Suburbs thereof.

87. An Act to amend an Act of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, incorporating the Glasgow, Paisley, and Ardrossan Canal Company; and to empower the said Company to form a Railway from Johnstone in the County of Renfrew to Ardrossan in the County of Ayr, and certain Branch Railways communicating therewith.

88. An Act for altering and amending the Garnkirk and Glasgow Railway Act.

89. An Act for removing Doubts as to the Legality of the Erection of the Portico of the Parish Church of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone in the County of Middlesex; for declaring the whole of the Site of Trinity Church to be within the said Parish; and for altering the Boundary between the said Parish and the Parish of Saint Pancras.

90. An Act for substituting a Building lately erected by William Milford Esquire, deceased, as the future Church or Chapel of Exbury and Lepe in the County of Southampton, in lieu of the present Church or Chapel, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

91. An Act for providing the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint John Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex, with increased Accommodation for attending Divine Service.

92. An Act for erecting and endowing a Chapel of Ease in the Parish of Wisbech Saint Peters in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

93. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts for levying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed or vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, and for amending the said Acts.

94. An Act for draining, embanking, and protecting certain Low Lands lying on the North Side of the River Dun in the West Riding of the County of York.

95. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Crossford Bridge in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Altrincham in the County Palatine of Chester.

96. An Act for altering and maintaining the Road from Stirling to Drymen Bridge, in the Counties of Stirling and Perth.

97. An Act for amending an Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads from Redrew to Peathill in the County of Stirling; and for making and maintaining certain new Roads connected therewith.

98. An Act for the better and more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Roads in the County of Glamorgan.

99. An Act for repairing the Road from the City of York to Kexby Bridge, and from Grimston to the upper End of Stone Dale, in the County of York.

100. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Wotton-under-Edge through Kingswood to Wickwar, and Branch Roads therefrom, all in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts.

101. An Act for repairing and improving certain Roads leading to and from Callington in the County of Cornwall.

102. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Ellesmere and Chester Canal Navigation.

103. An Act for improving the Harbour of Portrush in the Country of Antrim.

104. An Act for the further Improvement and Maintenance of the Harbour of Dunbar, and other Public Works within the Burgh of Dunbar; and for the better supplying the said Burgh with Water.

105. An Act for recovering, draining, and preserving certain Lands in the Parishes of Kinross, Orwell, and Portmoak, in the County of Kinross, and in the Parishes of Ballingry, Auchterderran, and Kinglassie, in the County of Fife; and for the better supplying with Water the Mills, Manufactories, Bleachfields, and other Works situated on or near the River of Leven in the said County of Fife.

106. An Act for separating the Town or Vill of Ramsgate in the County of Kent from the Parish of Saint Laurence, and making the same a distinct Parish; and for completing the new Church now building therein; and for other Purposes relating thereto; and for altering and amending an Act of His late Majesty for establishing a Chapel therein.

107. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Staines in the County of Middlesex; for providing an additional Burial Ground; and for equalizing the Church Rates of the said Parish.

108. An Act to enable the Persons interested in the Lands and Hereditaments heretofore Parcel of the Possessions of the Monastery or Abbey of Stratford Langthorne in the County of Essex, to raise Money for repairing and maintaining the Bridges and other Works liable to be repaired and maintained by such Persons.

109. An Act for repairing and keeping in repair the Turnpike Roads in the County of Ayr; for making and maintaining certain new Roads; for rendering Turnpike certain Parish Roads; and for regulating the Statute Labour in the said County.

110. An Act for erecting a Church in the Parish of Doncaster in the West Riding of the County of York.

111. An Act for building a new Gaol for the Town of Cambridge, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

112. An Act to provide for the Municipal Government of the Town and Suburbs of Leith; for the further Administration of Justice; and for the Regulation of the Police therein.

