Local Acts passed in 1828, 9 George 4 c.1 - c.122.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1828.
---

1. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Saint Mary Martin otherwise Merton, in the County of Surrey.

2. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Saint Mary Wimbledon in the County of Surrey.

3. An Act for making, repairing, and improving certain Roads leading to and from Truro in the County of Cornwall.

4. An Act for repairing and improving the Road from Newcastle-under-Lyme to Leek, and several Branch Roads, all in the County of Stafford.

5. An Act for repairing the Road from Hinckley to Melbourne Common, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby.

6. An Act for repairing the Road from the West End of the Town of Beaconsfield, in the County of Buckingham, to within Half a Mile of the River Colne, near Uxbridge in the County of Middlesex.

7. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool and Manchester Railway to alter the Line of the said Railway, and for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating thereto.

8. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of an Act relating to the $ouon and Leigh Railway.

9. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Road leading from the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester towards the City of Gloucester, to form a new Branch to communicate with the said Road in the Parish of Cheltenham.

10. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading to and from the Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven in the County of Cumberland.

11. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Bury to Little Bolton in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

12. An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and maintaining certain Roads from Kingsbridge to Dartmouth, Modbury, Salcombe, and other Places in the South Part of the County of Devon.

13. An Act to continue several Acts for granting a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon Ale and Beer brewed in the Town of Aberbrothock in the County of Forfar.

14. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-first Year of His late Majesty, for erecting a new Market Place in the Town or Borough and Manor of Gosport in the County of Southampton.

15. An Act to establish a Chapel of Ease in the Parish of Hove in the County of Sussex.

16. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Kipping's Cross to Wilstey Green, and from a Place near Goudhurst Gore to Stilebridge, and from Underden Green to Waruhutts Green, all in the County of Kent.

17. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Wadhurst to the Turnpike Road at Lamberhurst Down, both in the County of Sussex; and from the Turnpike Road at Pullen's Hill to West Fatieigh Street, both in the County of Kent.

18. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Footscray, by Wrotham Heath, to Maidstone, and from the said Road into the Road from Mereworth to Hadlow; and for making and maintaining a Road from the said Road at Wrotham Heath to Teston, and from the said Road from Mereworth to Hadlow to Saint Leonards Street in the Parish of West Mailing; all in the County of Kent.

19. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Bridport Turnpike Road at Allington, through Broadwindsor and Drimpton in the County of Dorset, to the Crewkerne Turnpike Road at or near Clapton Bridge, and also from Hewish Toll Gate to the Crewkerne Turnpike Road at or near Roundham Comer in the Parish of Crewkerne in the County of Somerset.

20. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the City of Carlisle in the County of Cumberland, by way of Warwick Bridge, to the Market Town of Brampton in the said County.

21. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Top of Harnham Hill near New Sarum, through Blandford and Dorchester, to Askerswell Hill, and from Harnham Hill aforesaid to a House called Master Baker's Farm House, in the Counties of Wilts and Dorset.

22. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Bury, and the Neighbourhood thereof in the Parish of Bury, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

23. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and otherwise improving the Road from the South End of Milton Street in the Town of Nottingham to the West End of Blind Lane in the Town of Mansfield in the County of Nottingham.

24. An Act for lighting with Gas the City of Lincoln, and the Bail and Close of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln.

25. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, regulating, and improving the VIII and Parish of the Cliffe, near Lewes, in the County of Sussex.

26. An Act for lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the Town of Stalybridge in the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Chester, and for regulating the Police thereof; and for establishing and regulating a Market, and erecting a Market Place within the said Town.

27. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, and improving the City of Lincoln, and the Bail and Close of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln, and for regulating the Police therein.

28. An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for watching and lighting the Townships or Vills of Hanley and Shelton, in the Parish of Stoke-upon-Trent in the County of Stafford.

29. An Act to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the Canterbury and Whitstable Railway to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Undertaking; and for enlarging and amending the Powers of the Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Railway and Works connected therewith.

30. An Act for improving and maintaining the Navigation from the River Humber to Alvingham in the County of Lincoln, and from thence to Louth in the same County.

31. An Act for more effectually maintaining and improving the Harbour of Dovor in the County of Kent.

32. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair Two several Districts of Road leading from High Bridges to Uttoxeter, and from the Newcastle Road at Snath, near Uttoxeter, to the Leek Road at or near Hanging Bridge in the County of Stafford.

33. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of Beaumaris to join the London and Holyhead Post Road at or near to the Menai Bridge, all in the County of Anglesey.

34. An Act for repairing the Road from Spernal Ash in the County of Warwick, through Studley, to Birmingham.

35. An Act for more effectually improving and keeping in repair the Roads leading to and from the Town of Great Torrington in the County of Devon, and for making certain new Lines of Road to communicate with the same.

36. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Town of Cambridge to the Wadesmill Turnpike Road, in the Parishes of Great Chishill and Little Chishill, in the County of Essex, and from the said Town of Cambridge to Royston in the County of Cambridge.

37. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, regulating, and improving the Town of North Shields in the County of Northumberland.

38. An Act to amend and extend the Provisions of an Act for paving and improving the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the Borough of Hertford.

39. An Act for regulating and fixing the Rates to be paid for Goods imported at and exported from the Quay of Bideford, in the County of Devon, and for Keyage and Keelage of Ships and Vessels in the Harbour of Bideford, and for more easily levying and collecting the same; and also for regulating Ships and Vessels in the said Harbour.

40. An Act for amending Three Acts of the Thirtieth Year of King George the Second, and the Thirty-second and Thirty-fifth Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, so far as relates to the draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Township or Hamlet of March, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, called the Fourth District.

41. An Act for removing the present Cattle Market now held in Saint Thomas Street in the City of Bristol, for providing a better and more convenient Market instead thereof, and for rebuilding and enlarging the Wool Hall in Saint Thomas Street.

42. An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for lighting, cleansing, matching, and otherwise improving the Town of Ashton-under-Lyne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for regulating the Police thereof; and also for regulating the Market, and erecting a Market Place within and for the said Town.

43. An Act for repealing an Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parish of East Greenwich in the County of Kent, and for repairing the Highways and cleansing the Streets thereof; and for making more effectual Provisions in lieu of the said Act.

44. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Beck Fen Lane, in the Parish of Mildenhall in the County of Suffolk, to the South-east End of the Bridge over the River Ouze in the Parish of Littleport in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

45. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Ipswich to South Town, and from the said Road, at or near Beech Lane in the Parish of Darsham, to Bungay in the County of Suffolk.

46. An Act for amending and maintaining the Turnpike Road from the Northern End of the Village of Balby in the County of York, to Worksop in the County of Nottingham.

47. An Act for repairing the Road from the present Turnpike Road in the Parish of Hursley in the County of Southampton, to Andover, and from thence to Newbury, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond, in the County of Berks.

48. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Honiton Turnpike Road near Yard Farm in the Parish of Upottery in the County of Devon, towards Ilminster, to the Eastern Boundary of the Parish of Buckland Saint Mary in the County of Somerset, and other Roads communicating therewith.

49. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Roads from Gosport, through Fareham and Wickham, to Bishop's Waltham, and from Wickham aforesaid to Chawton Pond in the Parish of Chawton, all in the County of Southampton.

50. An Act for making, amending, widening, and keeping in repair certain Roads passing through or near the Town of Ilminster in the County of Somerset.

51. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Christopher's Bridge in the Borough of Thetford in the County of Suffolk, to the North-east End of the Town of Newmarket in the County of Cambridge.

52. An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Thames at Hammersmith, and for making convenient Roads to communicate therewith.

53. An Act for the Erection of a Bridge across the River Blackwater, at or near Foxhole and the Town of Youghal in the County of Cork, to the opposite Side in the County of Waterford, and for making the necessary Approaches thereto.

54. An Act for better paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of Birmingham in the County of Warwick, and for regulating the Police and Markets of the said Town.

55. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks to raise a further Sum of Money.

56. An Act for rebuilding, or for improving, regulating, and maintaining, the Town Quay of Gravesend in the County of Kent, and the Landing Place belonging thereto.

57. An Act for granting further Powers to the Company of Proprietors of the Portsmouth and Arundel Navigation.

58. An Act for maintaining, enlarging, improving, and regulating the Harbour of the Burgh of Kirkwall in Orkney.

59. An Act to repair and maintain the Harbour of Helmsdale, and Works connected therewith, in the Parish of Loth and County of Sutherland.

60. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Stockton and Darlington Railway to make a Branch therefrom in the Counties of Durham and York, and to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating thereto.

61. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the River Tees, near Haverton Hill in the Parish of Billingham, to a Place called Sim Pasture Farm in the Parish of Heighington, all in the County of Durham, with certain Branches therefrom.

62. An Act for extending the Time for completing the Nantlle Railway and other Works connected therewith, in the County of Carnarvon.

63. An Act for enabling the Thames Tunnel Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and for amending the Act relating to the said Tunnel.

64. An Act for establishing Markets at Swansea In the County of Glamorgan.

65. An Act to enable His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey to nominate and appoint Two or more Persons to act as Principal Land Coal Meters within and for the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned in the said County.

66. An Act for regulating and enabling the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company to sue and be sued, and thereby to encourage the Use of Vessels propelled by Steam in the Trade of Ireland.

67. An Act for making a Turnpike Road from the Township of Hunslet, across the River Aire, to the Township of Leeds, together with a Branch therefrom, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

68. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Great Grimsby Haven to Wold Newton Church, and from Nuns Farm to the Mill Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County of Lincoln.

69. An Act for repairing and improving the Road from Wakefield to Halifax, with certain Branches therefrom, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

70. An Act for repairing the Roads from Horsham to Steyning, and from thence to the top of Steyning Hill, in the County of Sussex, and from the Bottom of Steyning Hill to Slaughter's Corner in the Parish of Beeding, and from thence to Shoreham Bridge in the Parish of Old Shoreham, in the said County.

71. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from the City of Chester to the Town of Frodsham in the County of Chester, and from the said Town of Frodsham to Ashton Lane End in the same County.

72. An Act for more effectually repairing so much of the Road from the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to the City of Carlisle, as is within the County of Northumberland.

73. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and March, to Wisbech Saint Peter's, and from thence to Tid Gate in the Isle of Ely, and from Wisbech aforesaid, through Outwell, to Downham Bridge in the County of Norfolk.

74. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of several Acts relating to the Road from Chester to Northop in the County of Flint.

75. An Act for repairing the Road from Scale Bridge to Bury Saint Edmunds in the County of Suffolk.

76. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving several Roads called The Main Trust Roads, all in the County of Carmarthen.

77. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of several Acts relating to the Road from Chester to Wrexham, in the City and County of Chester and the Counties of Flint and Denbigh.

78. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge in the County of York.

79. An Act for diverting, widening, repairing, and improving the Road from the Town of Derby to the South End of Compton Street next Ashborne, and from Ashborne to Hurdloe House, in the County of Derby, and that Part of the said Road called The Old Road, leading from Hardy's Hill Toll Gate unto Compton.

80. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from Lisburn in the County of Antrim to the Town of Monaghan.

81. An Act for making, repairing, and keeping in repair several Turnpike Roads in the Parities of Llandilofawr, Llandefeyson, Llandybie, Bettws, and Llanedy, and several other Roads in the County of Carmarthen.

82. An Act for more effectually making, amending, widening, repairing, and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the County of Dumbarton.

83. An Act for amending, diverting, and improving the present Roads, and making and maintaining certain new Roads, between the Towns of Birstal and Huddersfield in the West Riding of the County of York.

84. An Act for more effectually repairing the Dunster, Stowey, Watchet, and Crowcombe Districts of the Minehead Roads, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon; and for making and repairing several other Roads communicating with the same Districts of Road, or some of them.

85. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Town and Port of Sandwich in the County of Kent, to the Towns of Margate and Ramsgate in the Isle of Thanet in the said County; and for reducing for a limited Time the Tolls and Duties payable at Sandwich Bridge.

86. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Banbury in the County of Oxford, through Daventry and Cottesbach to Lutterworth in the County of Leicester.

87. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Wilsontown Iron Works to the Road leading from Edinburgh to Ayr, by West Calder and Allanton in the County of Lanark.

88. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Roads from Lutterworth Hand on the Watling Street Road, through Churchover, Brownsover, Newbold-upon-Avon, Rugby, and Bilton, in the County, of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road between Dunchurch and Hillmorton in the said County.

89. An Act for more effectually draining and improving the Lands and Grounds lying in Great and Little Waldersey in the Parishes of Wisbech Saint Peter's and Elm in the Isle of Ely.

90. An Act for lighting, watching, cleansing, paving, and otherwise improving the Town of Wantage in the County of Berks.

91. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from Gelly Gille Farm, in the Parish of Llanelly in the County of Carmarthen, to Machynss Pool in the same Parish and County; and for making and maintaining a Wet Dock at the Termination of the said Railway or Tram Road at Machynis Pool aforesaid.

92. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from the Duffryn Llynvi and Pwll Cowl otherwise Porth Cawl Railway, to commence at a certain Point therein in the Parish of Laleston in the County of Glamorgan, and to terminate near to the Town of Bridgend in the same County.

93. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from or near the City of Bristol to Coalpit Heath in the Parish of Westerleigh in the County of Gloucester.

94. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from Rodway Hill, in the Parish of Mangotsfield in the County of Gloucester, to the River Avon in the Parish of Bitton in the same County.

95. An Act to consolidate and amend several Acts for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks and other Works at Blackwall for the Accommodation of East India Shipping.

96. An Act to amend an Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Lough Erne, in the County of Fermanagh, to the River Blackwater near the Village of Charlemont in the County of Armagh.

97. An Act to enable the Tees Navigation Company to make a Navigable Cut from the East Side of the River Tees, near Portrack in the County of Durham, into the said River near Newport in the Township and Parish of Acklam, in the North Riding of the County of York.

98. An Act to enable the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers Aire and Colder, in the West Riding of the County of York, to make certain Cuts and Canals, and to improve the said Navigation.

99. An Act for amending an Act for rebuilding the Church of Oldham in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for taking down and rebuilding the Chancel and Private Chapels attached to the same.

100. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames at Staines in the County of Middlesex, and for making proper Approaches thereto.

101. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act for making a Turnpike Road from Wells next the Sea to Fakenham in the County of Norfolk, and other Roads connected therewith. 64S

102. An Act to amend certain Acts for making and maintaining Roads and converting the Statute Labour in the Counties of Ross and Cromarty, and Part of Nairn locally situated in the County of Ross.

103. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from North End to Hammersmith Bridge, both in the County of Middlesex.

104. An Act for more effectually making, amending, widening, repairing, and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Roxburgh and Berwick.

105. An Act for more effectually amending and improving the Road from Northwich to the Guide Post heretofore upon Delamere Forest (now the Parish of Delamere), near Kellsall Hill, in the County Palatine of Chester.

106. An Act for repairing the Roads from Tavernspite to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberston Hakin, and from Loveston Mountain to Canaston Bridge, and from the End of Toch Lane, on the said Road from Tavernspite to Hubberston Hakin, to the Road from Loveston Mountain to Canaston Bridge, and from the Parish of Crunwear to Pembroke Dock and Hobbs Point, all in the County of Pembroke.

107. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining several Roads leading from Lymington in the County of Southampton, and the Road to Wilverley Post in the New Forest.

108. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining in repair the Turnpike Roads from Wat's Cross to Cowden, and from Sevenoaks Common to Crockhurst Hatch Corner, and from Penshurst Town to Southborough, in the County of Kent.

109. An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading through the County of Selkirk, and for better making and repairing the said Roads, and other Roads in the said County, and in the Vicinity thereof.

110. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Godstone, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the Parish of East Grinstead in the County of Sussex.

111. An Act to authorize the Relinquishment of the Care and Management of a Road set out by the Southwark Bridge Company to the Trustees of the Surrey and Sussex Roads.

112. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the several Roads called the Cannon Street Roads, the Commercial Road, the Horseferry Branch of Road, the East India Dock Road, the Barking Road, and the Shadwell and Mile End Branch of Road, in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex; and for laying down a Stoneway on the said Commercial, East India Dock, and Barking Roads.

113. An Act for the Improvement and Regulation of Covent Garden Market.

114. An Act to explain and amend Two Acts, of the Fifty-first Year of His late Majesty, and the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the Port, Harbour, and Town of Liverpool; and to authorize the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks to pay for certain Lands and Hereditaments purchased under the said Acts.

115. An Act for more effectually improving and keeping in repair the several Roads leading to and from the Town of Bideford in the County of Devon, and for making certain new Lines of Road to communicate with the same.

116. An Act to consolidate and amend the several Acts for making the London Docks.

117. An Act to amend several Acts for cleansing, lighting, watching, improving, and regulating the Towns of Manchester and Salford in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

118. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from a Point at or near the Blackrock in the Harbour of Tralee, in the County of Kerry, to Croompanrickard, near the Town of Tralee, in the said County; and for otherwise improving the said Harbour of Tralee.

119. An Act for supplying with Water the Town of Pembroke, and the Neighbourhood thereof, within the County of Pembroke.

120. An Act for more effectually amending the Road leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the County of Sussex, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

121. An Act for repairing and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Belfast to Antrim, and from Belfast to the Copeland Water.

122. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing the Dunster, Stowey, Watchet, and Crowcombe Districts of the Minehead Roads, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon, and for making and repairing several other Roads communicating with the same Districts of Road, or some of them.

