LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLICK,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making and constructing certain Wet Docks, Warehouses, and other Works, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, and in the Parish or Precinct of Saint Katharine near the Tower of London, in the County of Middlesex, and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act. Page 397

ii. An Act for enabling the Edinburgh Gas Light Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

iii. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining in Repair the Road from Brandlesome Moss Gate, in the Township of Elton, to the Duke of York Public House in the Township of Blackburn, and a Branch Road therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 398

iv. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Rhayader in the County of Radnor, to Llangerrig in the County of Montgomery. Ibid.

v. An Act for more effectually supplying the Inhabitants of the Borough of King's Lynn with Water, and for regulating the Markets, and Vessels using the Port thereof. Ibid.

vi. An Act for lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise improving and regulating the Hamlets or Liberties of Duddeston and Nechells in the Parish of Aston, near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

vii. An Act for increasing the Number of Vestrymen, and regulating the Nomination and Appointment of Vestrymen and Parish Officers, for the Parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bow in the County of Middlesex, and providing for the better Relief, Maintenance, and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish. Ibid.

viii. An Act to provide for the Repair and Maintenance of the County Hall in the County of Monmouth. Page 398

ix. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Tees at Whorlton in the County of Durham, and for making a Road from Staindrop in the said County to Whorlton, and from thence, crossing the said Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road at Greta Bridge in the County of York, with a Branch from Whorlton to the Township of Barnard Castle in the said County of Durham, and another Branch from the South End of the said Bridge to the Turnpike Road from Winston Bridge to Small Ways, both in the said County of York. 399

x. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Tyne, at or near a Place called Scotswood, in the County of Northumberland, and for making convenient Roads, Avenues, and Approaches thereto, with Branches thereout. Ibid.

xi. An Act for vesting a new Church in the Parish of Liverpool in the County of Lancaster in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the said Town; and for authorizing the Appointment of Districts for the better Performance of Ecclesiastical Duties within the said Parish. Ibid.

xii. An Act to alter and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty for establishing and regulating the Imperial Gas Light and Coke Company. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Hinckley in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick. 400

xiv. An Act for extinguishing Tithes, and Payments in lieu of Tithes, Mortuaries, and Easter Offerings, and other Vicarial Dues and Payments, within the Parish of Halifax in the Diocese and County of York; and for making Compensation to the Vicar in lieu thereof, and enabling him to grant certain Leases of Lands belonging to the Vicarage. Ibid.

xv. An Act for establishing and governing an Institution in Liverpool called "The School for the Indigent Blind at Liverpool;" for incorporating the Subscribers thereto; and also for regulating and supporting a Chapel attached to the said Institution. Ibid.

xvi. An Act for making an Embankment on the North-west Side of the Leasowes in the Townships of Wallasey and Great Meols in the County of Chester, to prevent the further Encroachment of the Sea, and the Injury to arise therefrom to the Low Lands contiguous, and to the Port of Liverpool. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Barnstaple to the Town or Village of Braunton in the County of Devon. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for amending, altering, and improving the Roads leading to the Town of Okehampton in the County of Devon, and making and maintaining a certain new Road to communicate therewith. 401

xix. An Act for more effectually making and repairing certain Roads leading to and from Bodmin, and certain other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Cornwall. Ibid.

xx. An Act for more effectually improving and repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Wrotham Heath in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone in the County of Surrey. Page 402

xxi. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from Harlow Bush Common in the Parish of Harlow in the County of Essex, to Stump Cross in the Parish of Great Chesterford in the same County, and for making and maintaining Two new Lines of Road communicating therewith. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Biddenden to the Turnpike Road from Ashford to Feversham at Boundgate in the County of Kent. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for repairing the Road from Stockershead, at the Top of Charing Hill, to a Place called Bagham's Cross, in the Parish of Chilham in the County of Kent. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road from Maidstone to Key Street in the Parishes of Borden and Bobbing in the County of Kent. 403

xxv. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from the City of Chester, through Tarvin, to the Township of Delamere, and from Tarvin to Duddon Smithy, all in the County of Chester, with the several Branches thereof. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Kipping's Cross in the County of Kent to Flimwell Vent in the County of Sussex, and certain other Roads therein described. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for repairing the Road from the Hoodgate at the West End of the Town of Middleton in Teesdale in the County of Durham, to the Gate in the new Inclosures called the Edge, near the Collieries called the West Pitts, in the Parish of Saint Andrew's, Auckland, and also a Branch from the said Road, at or near the Head of the Town of Egleston, to Egleston Bridge over the River Tees. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act for more effectually amending, improving, and maintaining the Roads from Percy's Cross to Milfield Burn, and from Wooler to Bowsdon Burn, in the County of Northumberland. 404

xxix. An Act for amending an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashborne in the County of Derby to Leek in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate upon Rushton Common to Congleton in the County of Chester. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Prestwick to Bury and Ratcliffe in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act for applying, in the Purchase and Redemption of Part of the Land Tax charged upon the District or Division of the Duchy Liberty and the Westminster Liberty of Saint Clement Danes, Saint Mary-le-Strand, and the Precinct of the Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, certain Sums of Stock standing in the Name and to the Credit of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for confirming an Agreement between the Treasurer and Masters of the Bench of Lincoln's Inn and the Governors and Directors of the Poor of the United Parishes of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars and Saint George the Martyr, Middlesex. Page 404

xxxiii. An Act for building a new Court House for the Liberty and Borough of Saint Alban in the County of Hertford. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Aberdeen. 405

xxxv. An Act for enabling the Liverpool and Manchester Railway Company to make an Alteration in the Line of the said Railway, and for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating thereto. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for making a Railway from the Bolton and Leigh Railway in the Township of West Leigh, to the Liverpool and Manchester Railway in the Township of Kenyon, with a Branch therefrom, in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from the Liverpool and Manchester Railway, at or near Wargrave Lane in Newton in Mackerfield, to Warrington, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and Two collateral Branches to communicate therewith. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Duffryn Llynvi and Porth Cawl Railway, and other Works connected therewith. 406

xxxix. An Act for paving, watching, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of Ryde in the Isle of Wight in the County of Southampton; and for establishing a Market within the said Town. Ibid.

xl. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, regulating, and improving the Town of South Shields in the County Palatine of Durham. Ibid.

xli. An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and improving the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Places and Passages within the City of Aberdeen, and certain Grounds adjacent; for regulating the Police thereof; and for supplying the Inhabitants with Water. Ibid.

xlii. An Act for enlarging the Market Place in the Town of Basingstoke in the County of Southampton; and for fixing and regulating the Markets of the said Town; and for establishing a Market for Live Cattle adjoining the same. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for erecting a Bridge over the River Dee, at the Craiglug, in the Parish of Old Machar in the County of Aberdeen, and of Nigg in the County of Kincardine; and for making a Road from Cairnrobin, by the said Bridge, toward the City of Aberdeen. Ibid.

xliv. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames at Staines in the County of Middlesex, and for making proper Approaches thereto. 407

xlv. An Act for raising Money to defray the Expences of rebuilding Marlow Bridge. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Clyde, opposite Jamaica Street in the City of Glasgow. Ibid.

xlvil. An Act for altering, extending, and improving the Exeter Canal. Page 407

xlviii. An Act to consolidate and extend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Oxford Canal Navigation. Ibid.

xlix. An Act for making and maintaining a Pier at or near Southend in the Parish of Prittlewell in the County of Essex, and for making convenient Approaches to and from the same. Ibid.

l. An Act to regulate, repair, and maintain the Ferry of Kincardine across the Frith of Forth, and the Accesses connected therewith. 408

li. An Act for erecting and endowing a Church in Abercrombie Square in the Parish of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

lii. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for establishing an additional Company for lighting the City and Suburbs of Dublin with Gas. Ibid.

liii. An Act for repairing the Road from the East End of the Town of Newmarket, over Newmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road to Stump Cross, in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, and the Road branching out of the aforesaid Road near the Devil's Ditch, on Newmarket Heath, to the present Turnpike Road to Cambridge. Ibid.

liv. An Act for making and repairing the Road from the Bridge over the River Cowie, near Stone Haven, to the Road along the South Bank of the River Dee, at or near to Park Head or Mill-bank of Maryculter, in the County of Kincardine. Ibid.

lv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Tunbridge Wells in the County of Kent to Uckfield in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

lvi. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Brick Kilns on East Mailing Heath to Pembury Green, and from Brandbridges to the Four Wents near Matfield Green, and from the said Road into the Mereworth and Hadlow Road, in the County of Kent. 409

lvii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Tunbridge Wells in the County of Kent to Swiftsden, and from Frant to Possingworth Great Wood in the County of Sussex, and a certain Piece of Road communicating with the said Roads. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for making and repairing the Road from Linlithgow Bridge to Stirling, and other Roads in the County of Stirling. 410

lix. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving certain Roads and Bridges in the Liberties of the Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed and Counties of Durham and Berwick, and improving the Entrance to the Town of Berwick. Ibid.

lx. An Act for more effectually making, amending, widening, repairing, and maintaining the Road from Scots Dyke in the County of Dumfries, by or through the Towns of Langholm and Hawick, to Haremoss, in the County of Roxburgh. Ibid.

lxi. An Act for more effectually making, amending, widening, repairing, and maintaining the Great North Roads leading from the North Queen ferry, and from the Harbour of Burntisland, both in the County of Fife, by Kinross, to the City of Perth; and also the Road from the said North Queen ferry to the Town of Dunfermline. Page 410

lxii. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Tonbridge to Maidstone in the County of Kent. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Dublin to Dunleer. 411

lxiv. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon Wharf in the Parish of Stoke next Guldeford, through Guldeford, to Alford Bars in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

lxv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Alfreton to Higham and Tibshelf in the County of Derby. 412

lxvi. An Act for more effectually making, amending, improving, widening, repairing, and maintaining the Road from Lauder in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the Marchburn. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act to enable the West India Dock Company to raise a further Sum of Money. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act to repeal several Acts relating to the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex; and for making better Provision for the Regulation of the Affairs of the said Parish. Ibid.

lxix. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed for supplying with Water the Town and Suburbs of Shrewsbury in the County of Salop. Ibid.

lxx. An Act to alter, amend, enlarge, and consolidate certain of the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts passed relating to the River Weaver Navigation in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

lxxi. An Act for further regulating the Statute Labour, and repairing the Highways and Bridges, in the County of Dumbarton. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram-road from the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne in the County of the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to the City of Carlisle in the County of Cumberland, with a Branch thereout. 413

lxxiii. An Act for lighting, watching, and improving the Town of Croydon in the County of Surrey; for providing Lodgings for the Judges at the Assizes holden in the said Town; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for improving and maintaining the Shrewsbury District of the Watling-Street Road in the County of Salop. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act for making and maintaining the Road leading from Dublin, through Blesinton and Baltinglass, to near the Town of Carlow. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for repairing certain Turnpike Roads leading to and from Bilston in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

lxxvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road between the Town of Tarporley in the County Palatine of Chester and the Town of Whitchurch in the County of Salop. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from James Deeping Stone Bridge to Peter's Gate in Stamford in the County of Lincoln, and from thence to the South End of the Town of Morcott in the County of Rutland. Page 414

lxxix. An Act for improving and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Worcester, Warwick, Stafford, and Salop,, called "The Dudley, Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and Streetway District."

lxxx. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Chesterfield in the County of Derby to Worksop in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act for maintaining and repairing the Road from the River at Swathling, through Botley, to the Road at Sherrill Heath in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Brampton to Longtown in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

lxxxiii. An Act for consolidating the Trusts of certain Roads called "The Blue Vein and Bricker's Barn Turnpike Roads," in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, and for more effectually repairing and improving the same. 415

lxxxiv. An Act for repairing and keeping in Repair the Turnpike Roads in the County of Fife; for rendering Turnpike certain Statute Labour and Parish Roads; and for making and maintaining certain new Roads in the said County. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Bolton-le-Moors to the Turnpike Road in Parr leading from Saint Hellens to Ashton, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act for making a Turnpike Road to communicate with the Lower King's Ferry over the River Dee, from the Township of Great Saughall in the County of Chester, and from the Village of Northop in the County of Flint. Ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Sheepscar, through Woodhouse Carr, to Meanwoodside in the Parish of Leeds in the West Riding of the County of York. 416

lxxxviii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the White Post on Haselden's Wood in the Parish of Cranbrooke to Appledore Heath, and from Milkhouse Street in the same Parish to Castleden's Oak in the Parish of Biddenden, and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Tenterden, through Rolvenden, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Newenden, all in the County of Kent. Ibid.

lxxxix. An Act for more effectually amending the Road from Oldham in the County of Lancaster to Ripponden in the County of York, and other Roads in the same Counties; and for making and maintaining a new Branch to communicate therewith. Ibid

xc. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Leeds to Roundhay in the West Riding of the County of York. 417

xci. An Act for repairing and keeping in Repair the Road from Kinross in the County of Kinross to Alloa in the County of Clackmannan. Ibid.

xcii. An Act for improving and maintaining the Road from the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull to Kirk-Ella in the County of the said Town. Page 417

xciii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads which lead to and through the Town and Borough of Chard in the County of Somerset; and for making and maintaining a new Road from Chard to Drempton in the County of Dorset. Ibid.

xciv. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Ings, and Waste Lands in the Parish of Washingborough in the County of Lincoln and Township of Heighington in the same Parish; and also for embanking, draining, and improving certain Lands within the same Parish and Township. 418

xcv. An Act to provide for the more effectual Execution of the Office of a Justice of the Peace within the Parishes of Merthyr Tidvil, Gellygare, and Aberdare, in the County of Glamorgan. Ibid.

xcvi. An Act for taking down the Parish Church of Saint Dunstan in the West in the City of London, and building a new Church in. lieu thereof. 419

xcvii. An Act to enable the Magistrates of the County Palatine of Chester to appoint Special High Constables for the several Hundreds or Divisions, and Assistant Petty Constables for the several Townships of that County. Ibid.

xcviii. An Act for establishing a Ferry across the River Tyne between North Shields in the County of Northumberland and South Shields in the County of Durham, and for opening and making proper Roads, Avenues, Ways, and Passages to communicate therewith. Ibid.

xcix. An Act for the Improvement, Maintenance, and Regulation of the Harbour of Kirkcaldy in the County of Fife. Ibid.

c. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Wansbeck at the Town of Morpeth in the County of Northumberland. 420

ci. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Fourteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for paving, repairing, lighting, cleansing, and watching the Parish of Saint James Clerkenwell in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cii. An Act for lighting, watching, paving, cleansing, and improving the Streets, Highways, and Places within the Town and Borough of Kingston in the County of Hereford. Ibid.

ciii. An Act for supplying the City of Perth and the Vicinity thereof with Water. 421

civ. An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers granted by an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Outfall of the River Nene, and the Drainage of the Lands discharging their Waters into the Wisbech River, and the Navigation of the said Wisbech River from the upper End of Kinderley's Cut to the Sea, and for embanking the Salt Marshes and Bare Sands lying between the said Cut and the Sea. Ibid.

cv. An Act for vesting the Appointment to the Office of Bailiff or Verger of the Town and Port of Sandwich in the Mayor and Jurats of the said Town and Port; and for transferring the Common Gaol to the said Mayor and Jurats; and for the building and maintaining a new Gaol for the said Town and Port and its Liberties. Page 421

cvi. An Act to enable the Clarence Railway Company to vary and alter the Line of their Railway, to abandon some of the Branches thereof, and to make other Branches therefrom; and for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of the Act passed for making and maintaining the said Railway. Ibid.

cvii. An Act for making a Railway from Chapel in the Parish of Cambusnethan in the County of Lanark, by Coltness and Gariongill, to join the Monkland and Kirkintilloch Railway where the same passes through the Lands of Coats or Garturk in the Parish of Old Monkland and County of Lanark. Ibid.

cviii. An Act for making a Railway from Thomas Chapel in the Parish of Begelly to Saundersfoot, with Two Branches therefrom, and a Harbour at Saundersfoot, in the County of Pembroke. 422

cix. An Act to explain the Acts for making the Ulster Canal in the Counties of Fermanagh and Armagh. Ibid.

cx. An Act for amending and otherwise improving several Roads leading into and from the City of Bath, and for making new Branches of Roads to and from the same. Ibid.

cxi. An Act for making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads within the County of Dumfries, and the other Highways, Bridges, and Ferries therein; and for more effectually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the said County. 423

cxii. An Act to alter and amend and continue an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the Counties of Lanark and Dumbarton. Ibid.

cxiii. An Act for continuing certain Powers to the Trustees of the Road leading from the Borough of Southwark to the Kent Road in the County of Surrey, called Great Dover Street, for the Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Roads from Hurdlow House in the County of Derby to Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties and in the County Palatine of Chester. 424

cxv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Bottom of Church Lane, in the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyne in the County of Stafford, to the Road leading from Woore to Chester, near Nantwich in the County Palatine of Chester, and other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxvi. An Act to provide for the Repair of the Six Clerks and Chancery Inrolment Offices, and the better Preservation of the Records of the Court of Chancery. 425

cxvii. An Act for better supplying the East London Waterworks with Water, and amending the several Acts relating to the said Waterworks. Ibid.

cxviii. An Act to incorporate certain Persons, to be called "The Independent Gas Light and Coke Company;" and for enabling them to light with Gas certain Parishes in the County of Middlesex. Page 425

cxix. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for holding a Market in the Parish of Saint Saviour in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey; and for granting more effectual Provisions for that Purpose. Ibid.

cxx. An Act for maintaining the Pier at Sheerness in the Parish of Minster, in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent. 426

cxxi. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and improving certain Streets and Public Passages and Places at Sheerness in the Parish of Minster, in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

cxxii. An Act to enable the Edinburgh and Dalkeith Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money, to make a Branch from the Said Railway to Leith, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

cxxiii. An Act to authorize the raising a further Sum of Money for completing the Drainage and Navigation by the River Witham, and for amending the Acts relating thereto. Ibid.

cxxiv. An Act for altering and amending the Powers of an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for rendering more commodious and for better regulating the Port of London. Ibid.

cxxv. An Act to authorize the Endowment of the Church and Vicarage of Newry, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

cxxvi. An Act for the Improvement and Extension of the Newry Navigation. Ibid.

cxxvii. An Act to incorporate certain Persons to be called "The British Gas Light Company;" and for enabling them to light with Gas certain Parishes and Places in the Counties of Essex and Middlesex near the eastern Part of the City of London. 427

cxxviii. An Act for watching, lighting, cleansing, and improving the Roads, Streets, and other Public Passages and Places leading from the Stones End, Blackman Street, to the Fishmongers Almshouses, Newington, and from thence, and from Stones End aforesaid, towards Blackfriars, Waterloo, and Westminster Bridges, and the Parts adjacent or near thereto, within the Parish of Saint George the Martyr in Southwark in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

cxxix. An Act for watching, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Roads, Streets, and other Public Passages and Places within the District left as belonging to the original Parish Church of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County of Surrey, and the Ecclesiastical District called the Waterloo District, in the same Parish. Ibid.

cxxx. An Act for the Sale of the City Canal, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

cxxxi. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Parochial Rates within the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

cxxxii. An Act for authorizing a Division of certain Commons in the County of Caithness and Stewartry of Orkney, in which His Majesty has an Interest. Page 428

cxxxiii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Reading in the County of Berks to Hatfield in the County of Hertford, and also the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow to or near the Thirty Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road from Maidenhead to Reading. Ibid.

cxxxiv. An Act for improving and maintaining the Road from Milford, through Stainton, to Merlin's Bridge, and from thence to Cartlet Bridge, in the County of Pembroke. Ibid.

cxxxv. An Act for vesting and securing to John Stephen Langton of the Parish of Langton juxta Partney, in the County of Lincoln, Esquire, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, certain Profits and Emoluments for a limited Time. Ibid.

cxxxvi. An Act for improving the Approaches to London Bridge. Ibid.

