Local Acts passed in 1830, 11 George 4 & 1 William 4 c.1 - c.138.
From The Statutes of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, 1830.
---

1. An act for more effectually improving and maintaining the Wellington District of Watting Street Road in the County of Salop.

2. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for more effectually improving the Roads to and from the Town of Great Torrington in the County of Devon.

3. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Market Harborough to Loughborough, and from Filling Gate to the Melton Mowbray Turnpike Road, in the County of Leicester.

4. An act for repairing certain Turnpike Roads leading to and from Thirsk in the County of York.

5. An act for better repairing the Second District of Turnpike Roads leading to and from the Town of Bridport in the County of Dorset, and for making and maintaining several Branch Roads to communicate with the same.

6. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Horsham to the Road leading to Guilford at Aldford Cross Ways, with Two Branches therefrom, and for making and maintaining a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith, all in the Counties of Sussex and Surrey.

7. An act for repairing and improving the Road from the Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike Road, through Kirkby and Pinxton, to Carter Lane, and to the Colliery near Pinxton Green, in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby.

8. An act for better cleansing, lighting, watching, regulating, and improving the Town of Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

9. An act for more effectually repairing the Roads to and from Longtown, and certain other Roads communicating therewith, in the County of Cumberland.

10. An act for the better Regulation of the Affairs of the joint Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and of the separate Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury in the same County.

11. An act to enable the Commissioners of the Harbour of Ardglass, in the County of Down, to make Contracts for Works, and to borrow Money for the Improvement of the said Harbour.

12. An act for maintaining and governing the Harbour of Axmouth, and Works connected therewith, in the Parish of Axmouth in the County of Devon.

13. An act to amend and alter Two several Acts, passed in the Sixth and Tenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and constructing certain Wet Docks, Warehouses, and other Works, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, and in the Parish or Precinct of Saint Katharine near the Tower of London, in the County of Middlesex, and for enlarging and extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts.

14. An act for extending and amending the several Acts relating to the Docks and Harbour of Liverpool.

15. An act for the better Paving and Sewerage of the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for settling the Boundaries between the said Town and the Township of Kirkdale and Parts of the Townships of Everton and West Derby.

16. An act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise improving Brunswick Square and Brunswick Terrace, and certain Streets and other public Places upon certain Grounds late Part of a Farm called the Wick Farm, in the Parish of Hove in the County of Sussex.

17. An act for better lighting with Gas the Town of Swansea in the County of Glamorgan.

18. An act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from New Chappel in the County of Surrey to Ditcheling Bost Hills in the County of Sussex, and from thence to the Town of Brighthelmston in the same County; and also for making and maintaining a Branch of Road from the Town of Ditcheling to Clayton in the County of Sussex.

19. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Malmesbury to Copped Hall Turnpike, Sutton Benger Church, and Dauntsey Gate, in the County of Wilts.

20. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Pickford Brook in the Parish of Allesley in the County of Warwick to Canwell Gate in the County of Stafford.

21. An act for more effectually repairing, amending, widening, and improving the Road from the West Cowgate, near Newcastle-upon-Tyne, to the Alemouth Turnpike Road in the County of Northumberland, and for making and maintaining other Roads communicating therewith.

22. An act for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Sheffield in the County of York.

23. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Chorlton Row near Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster to the Bridge at the Corn Mills at Wilmslow in the County Palatine of Chester.

24. An act for repairing the Road from Wool Bridge to the Borough of Dorchester in the County of Dorset.

25. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the West End of Gainsburgh Bridge to East Retford and to Gringley-on-the-Hill in the County of Nottingham.

26. An act for maintaining the Road from Catterick Bridge in the County of York, by the Towns of Yarm and Stockton, and through the Town of Sedgefield, to the City of Durham.

27. An act for more effectually amending, improving, and maintaining the Road leading from Nantgaredig to Brechfa, and from Brechfa to the River Tivy, near Llanllooney Church, and also a Road from Brechfa aforesaid to Llansawel, all in the County of Carmarthen.

Xxviii. An act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads in the Counties of Brecon, Radnor, and Glamorgan, and for making and maintaining several new Branches of Road to communicate therewith. 47S

29. An act for more effectually maintaining and repairing several Roads from Carmarthen to Lampeterpontstephen, so far as relates to the Carmarthen District of Roads, and certain other Roads in the said County of Carmarthen.

30. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Bolton-le-Moors to Blackburn in the County Palatine of Lancaster, with Two Branches of Road therefrom; and for making and maintaining a Branch of Road to or near the Village of Lower Darwen.

31. An act for more effectually repairing 'and improving the Road from or near Edenfield Chapel to Little Bolton, and the Road leading from and out of the said Road at Booth Pits to or near Bury Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making and maintaining Three several Branches of Road communicating therewith.

32. An act for repairing, amending, and maintaining the Road from Congleton in the County of Chester to a Branch of the Leek Turnpike Road at Thatchmarsh Bottom in the Parish of Hartington in the County of Derby, and from the Lowe to the Havannah Mills in the said County of Chester.

33. An act to continue an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners acting in Execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the late Rajah of Tanjore the better to carry the same into effect.

34. An act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving several Roads from Radstock to Buckland Dinham, Kilmersdon, Babington, and Hallastrow, and from Norton Down to Norton Saint Philip, in the County of Somerset.

35. An act for improving and maintaining the Road from Merlin's Bridge to Pembroke Ferry in the County of Pembroke.

36. An act for incorporating the Dundee Gas Light Company, and for the better lighting the Town of Dundee by Gas.

37. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Wootton Bassett in the County of Wilts to the Two Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from Swindon to Marlborough in the said County.

38. An act for maintaining the Road from Haverhill in the County of Suffolk to Redcross in the Parish of Great Shelford in the County of Cambridge.

39. An act for making a Turnpike Road from the Bridge over the River Bure at Great Yarmouth to Acle (with certain Branches therefrom), all in the County of Norfolk.

40. An act for endowing a Church in the Township of Everton in the parish of Walton-on-the-Hill in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

41. An act to raise a Fund for Provisions to Widows of the Members of the Faculty of Advocates of Scotland.

42. An act for extending the Civil and Criminal Jurisdiction of the Magistrates and the Town or Burgh and Dean of Guild Courts of Glasgow over the Lands of Blythswood and adjacent Lands; and for amending the Acts relating to the Police of the said City.

43. An act for paving, cleansing, draining, lighting, watching, regulating, and improving the Town of Ross; and for disposing of certain Common and Waste Lands and Rights of Common within the Parish of Ross in the County of Hereford.

44. An act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, regulating, and improving the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the Borough of Stafford in the County of Stafford.

45. An act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving such Parts of Great Dover Street, Trinity Street, Trinity Square, and the Highways, Roads, Streets, Markets, and other public Passages and Places leading out thereof or abutting thereon or adjacent thereto, all within the Parishes of Saint Mary Newington and Saint George the Martyr, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, as do not fall within the Powers and 'Provisions of any existing Acts of Parliament.

46. An act for more effectually cleansing, paving, lighting, watching, regulating, and improving the Township of Little Bolton in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

47. An act to amend several Acts for supplying the Town of Manchester with Gas, and for regulating and improving the same Town.

48. An act for more effectually improving the Harbour of Southwold in the County of Suffolk.

49. An act for the Improvement and Preservation of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham.

50. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Sankey Brook Navigation in the County of Lancaster, and to make a Navigable Canal from the said Navigation at Fidler's Ferry, to communicate with the River Mersey at Widness Wharf, near Westbank, in the Township of Widness in the said County.

51. An act to enable the United Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere and Chester Canal to make a Reservoir, and to establish Vessels for the Conveyance of Goods from Ellesmere Port across the River Mersey; and also to amend and enlarge the Powers of the Act relating to the said Canal.

52. An act for draining, flooding, and improving certain Low Lands and Grounds within the several Parishes of Othery, Middlezoy, and Weston Zoyland, in the County of Somerset.

53. An act for improving the Drainage of the Lands lying in the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and in Great Portsand in the Manor of Cropland, and for providing a Navigation between Clow's Cross and the Nene Outfall Cut.

54. An act for the more effectual Preservation and Increase of the Breed of Salmon, and for better regulating the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the same, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River.

55. An act for better supplying with Water the Town and Parish of Sheffield in the County of York.

56. An act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Borough of Wigan to the Liverpool and Manchester Railway in the Borough of Newton in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and Collateral Branches to communicate therewith.

57. An act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Warrington and Newton Railway to extend the Line of the said Railway; and for repealing, explaining, altering, amending, and enlarging some of the Powers and Provisions of the Act relating thereto.

58. An act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from the River Soar near the West Bridge in or near the Borough of Leicester to Swannington in the County of Leicester, and Four Branches therefrom.

59. An act for making a Railway from the Town of Leeds to the River Ouse within the Parish of Selby in the West Riding of the County of York.

60. An act to amend an Act for making a Railway from Dundee to Newtyle.

61. An act for making a Railway from the Cowley Hill Colliery in the Parish of Prescot to Runcorn Gap in the same Parish (with several Branches therefrom), all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for constructing a Wet Dock at the Termination of the said Railway at Runcorn Gap aforesaid.

62. An act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Lands of Polloc and Govan to the River Clyde, at the Harbour of Broomielaw, in the County of Lanark, with a Branch to communicate therefrom.

63. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Brighton to Shoreham, for building a Bridge over the River Adur at New Shoreham, and for making a Road to Lancing, and a Branch Road therefrom, all in the County of Sussex.

64. An act to make further Provisions for defraying the Expences of making the Approaches to London Bridge, and the Removal of Fleet Market.

65. An act for amending and extending the Provisions of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the rebuilding of Kingston Bridge, and for improving and making suitable Approaches thereto.

16. An act for building a Bridge over the River Trent, from Dunham in the County of Nottingham to the opposite Shore in the County of Lincoln.

67. An act for building a Bridge over the River Wensum, in the Hamlet of Heigham and the Parish of Saint Clement in the County of the City of Norwich.

68. An act for erecting and maintaining a Bridge over Stonehouse Mill Pool, at or near Stonehouse Mills, in the County of Devon.

69. An act for building a Bridge over the River Avon, from Clifton in the County of Gloucester to the opposite Side of the River in the County of Somerset, and for making convenient Roads and Approaches to communicate therewith.

70. An act to incorporate certain Persons to be called "The Hungerford Market Company," for the Re-establishment of a Market for the Sale of Fish, Poultry, and Meat, and other Articles of general Consumption and Use, and for other Purposes.

71. An act for establishing a Market in the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone in the County of Middlesex.

72. An act for the Management and Direction of the Hospital founded by Joseph Barrington and his Sons in the City of Limerick.

73. An act for altering and amending an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, for establishing and well governing an Hospital or Infirmary in the City of Bath, and for constructing Baths therein, and supplying the same with Water from the Hot Baths in the said City.

ixxiv. An act to enable the London Assurance Companies and their Successors to purchase Annuities upon or for Lives, and also to lend Money or Stock upon Mortgage, for the Purpose of Investment.

75. An act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Foleshill in the County of the City of Coventry.

76. An act for better assessing and recovering the Rates for the Relief of the Poor within the City of New Sarum, and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for consolidating the Rates to be made for the Relief of the Poor of the respective Parishes of Saint Thomas, Saint Edmund, and Saint Martin, in the City of New Sarum.

77. An act for further regulating the Statute Labour and repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Peebles.

78. An act for making and maintaining Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, and for converting, regulating, and making effectual the Statute Labour, in the County of Inverness.

79. An act to commute for Lands and a Corn Rent the ancient Compositions in lieu of Tithes and Glebe Lands payable to the Rector of the Parish of Barnwell Saint Andrew with Barnwell All Saints annexed, in the County of Northampton.

80. An act for prolonging the Term of certain Letters Patent granted to James Hollingrake for an improved Method of manufacturing Copper or other Metal Rollers, and of casting and forming metallic Substances into various Forms, with improved Closeness and Soundness of Texture.

81. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham in the County of Buckingham.

82. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Lewes, through Offham, to Witch Cross, from the Cliffe near Lewes, through Uckfield, to Witch Cross, and from the said Cliffs, through Ringmer, Heathfield, and Burwash, to Hurst Green, all in the County of Sussex.

83. An act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road between Hockliffe in the County of Bedford and Stony Stratford in the County of Buckingham.

84. An act for altering, improving, diverting, and maintaining the Road from Rotherham to the Four Lane Ends, near Wortley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

85. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Blackburn to Wolton Cop within Walton in le Dale in the County of Lancaster.

ixxxvi. An act for amending an Act of the last Session, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads which lead to and through the Town and Borough of Chard in the County of Somerset, and for making and maintaining a new Road from Chard to Drempton in the County of Dorset; and for making and maintaining other Roads communicating with the said Roads, in the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Dorset.

87. An act for completing, improving, and maintaining the Road from Wibsey Low Moor, near Bradford, through Brighouse to Huddersfield, with certain Diversions therefrom, in the West Riding of the County of York.

88. An act for repairing the Turnpike Road from the Top of Whitesheet Hill to the Wilton Turnpike Road at or near Barford in the County of Wilts.

89. An act for repairing, altering, and improving the Roads from Ashbourne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from Hatton Moor to Tutbury, and from Uttoxeter to or near the Village of Draycott-in-the-Clay, and from Hadley Plain, on the late Forest or Chase of Needwood, to Collingwood Plain on the same late Forest or Chase.

90. An act for repairing the Road from Foston Bridge to the Division Stone on Witham Common in the County of Lincoln.

91. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Temple Normanton to Buntingfeld Nook in the County of Derby, and the Road from Tupton Nether Green to Stubbing Edge Lane and Knot Cross in the said County.

92. An act for improving and maintaining the Road from Werneth to Littleborough, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the County of Lancaster.

93. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from the Town of Stamford to the Division Stone in South Witham in the County of Lincoln.

94. An act for repairing the Road from Birmingham, through Warwick and Warmington, in the County of Warwick, to the utmost Limits of the said County on Edgehill.

95. An act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads between the Towns of Derby, Mansfield, and Nutthall in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham.

96. An act for making and maintaining a new Turnpike Road from the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, in the County of the said Town, to Hedon in the County of York.

97. An act for improving several Roads and making certain new Roads in the Counties of Devon and Somerset, leading to and from the Town of Tiverton; and for amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from and through the Town of Wiveliscombe.

98. An act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads leading to and from or near to the Towns of Ashburton and Totnes in the County of Devon.

99. An act for amending and improving the Road from Tonbridge to Ightham, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the County of Kent.

100. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Cromford Bridge to the Turnpike Road at or near Langley Mill in the County of Derby.

101. An act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads leading from the Market Cross in the Town of Wareham, and in Purbeck, in the County of Dorset.

102. An act for making, repairing, widening, and keeping in repair certain Roads and Bridges in the County of Caithness, and for better regulating and rendering more effectual the Statute Labour in the said County, and Conversion Money in lieu thereof.

103. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Saltfleet to the Town of Horncastle, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Lincoln.

104. An act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Hand Cross, through Cowfold, to Comer House, and from thence to the Turnpike Road from Horsham to Steyning, and from Comer House aforesaid to the Maypole in the Town of Henfield, and certain Branches therefrom, all in the County of Sussex.

105. An act for improving and maintaining the Turnpike Roads from the Wirksworth Turnpike Road in the Hamlet of Ideridgehay to the Town of Duffield, and from the Market Place in Wirksworth to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Brassington, and from the said Market Place to the Turnpike Road leading from Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, all in the County of Derby.

106. An act for improving and maintaining the Road leading from Walsall to Muckley Corner, near Lichfield, and other Roads in the County of Stafford.

107. An act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from the Bounds of the County of Cork to the City of Waterford.

108. An act for more effectually repairing and keeping in repair the Turnpike Roads in the County of Peebles, for making and maintaining certain new Roads, and for rendering Turnpike certain Parish Roads in the said County.

109. An act for more effectually repairing and keeping in repair the Road from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queensferry, the Road leading Westward therefrom through Dalmeny to Echline, and the Road from the West End of the said Town of Queensferry to the Town of Linlithgow, in the County of Linlithgow.

110. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Carlisle to Penrith, and from Penrith to Eamont Bridge, in the County of Cumberland.

111. An act for improving and repairing the Road leading from Newcastle in the County of Limerick to the City of Limerick, and from thence to Charleville in the County of Cork.

112. An act for repairing and maintaining the Roads from the Town of Dundalk in the County of Louth to the Towns of Castle Blaney and Carrickmacross in the County of Monaghan.

113. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Town of Rickmersworth in the County of Hertford, through the Village of Pinner, to or near the Swan Public House at Sudbury Common, in the Turnpike Road leading from Harrow to London.

114. An act to improve the Road through the Town of Bromley in the County of Kent.

115. An act for the further Improvement and Support of the Passage across the Frith of Forth called the Queensferry.

116. An act for paving, lighting, watching, watering, cleansing, repairing, widening, and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the Town of Yeovil in the County of Somerset, and for regulating the Police thereof.

117. An act to amend Two Acts of His late Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Town of Dovor, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

118. An act to enable the Commissioners of Wide Streets to widen and improve certain Ways, Streets, and Passages in and about the City and County of Dublin; and to amend and extend the Provisions of Two Acts passed in the Forty-seventh and Fifty-seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, for improving and rendering more commodious such Parts of the County and County of the City of Dublin as are situate on the South Side of the River Anna Liffey, and West of His Majesty's Castle of Dublin.

119. An act for more effectually maintaining, improving, and extending the Harbour of Dundee in the County of Forfar.

120. An act to amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the completing the Harbour of Courtown, near Brenoguehead, in the County of Wexford.

121. An act for enlarging, improving, and maintaining the Port and Harbour of Perth; for improving the Navigation of the River Toy to the said City; and for other Purposes therewith connected.

122. An act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Lough Corrib to the Bay of Galway, and for the Improvement of the Harbour of Galway.

123. An act for improving the Harbour of Port Glasgow, constructing a Wet Dock or Wet Docks adjacent thereto, and for altering the Road leading from Port Glasgow to Glasgow near the said Harbour.

124. An act for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Borough of Macclesfield in the County of Chester with Water, and to establish the Rates payable for the same.

125. An act for amending certain Acts for making the Glasgow and Garnkirk Railway, and for raising a farther Sum of Money.

126. An act for the Improvement of the Shannon Navigation, from the City of Limerick to Killaloe, by rebuilding the Bridge called Baal's Bridge, in the said City.

127. An act for establishing a Floating Bridge over the Harbour of Dartmouth, from or near to Lower Sand Quay Point to Old Rock, in the County of Devon, and for building Quays and Landing Places, and for making Roads and Approaches thereto, with Branches therefrom.

128. An act for maintaining and repairing the Road leading from the City of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to the North End of the Bridge over that Part of the River of Kelvin called the Milnford of Garscube, and for making, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from Blackquarry Toll Bar, by Possil, to the Bridge across the River Allander at Langbank, in the Counties of Lanark and Stirling.

129. An act for rebuilding the Bridges over the Rivers Spey and Findhorn, for making Accesses thereto, and for making and maintaining certain new Roads in the County of Elgin.

130. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Ashborne in the County of Derby to a Messuage or Public House in the Occupation of John Frost, near Belpar Bridge, in the said County of Derby.

131. An act for repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Beverley, by Molescroft, to Kendell House, and the Road from Molescroft to Bainton Balk, in the County of York.

132. An act for prohibiting Burying and Funeral Service in a Chapel of Ease intended to be built for the Parish of Saint George Bloomsbury in the County of Middlesex.

133. An act for empowering the Marquis of Bute to make and maintain a Ship Canal, commencing near the Mouth of the River Taff in the County of Glamorgan, and terminating near the Town of Cardiff, with other Works to communicate therewith.

134. An act for establishing and maintaining the Harbour of Port Crommelin in the Bay of Cushendun in the County of Antrim.

135. An act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for more effectually improving and maintaining the old Harbour of Rye in the County of Sussex; and to appoint new Commissioners; and to enable the Commissioners to raise additional Funds on the Tolls, by way of Mortgage or otherwise.

136. An act to amend an Act of His late Majesty, for more effectually draining and preserving certain Marsh Lands or Low Grounds in the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, Rolvenden, Tenterden, Wittersham, Ebony, Woodchurch, Appledore, and Stone, in the County of Kent, and Ticehurst, Salehurst, Bodiam, Ewhurst, Northiam, Beckly, Peasmarsh, Iden, and Playden, in the County of Sussex.

137. An act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, an Act passed in the Ninth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, to enable His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey to nominate and appoint Two or more Persons to act as Principal Land Coal Meters within and for the several Places therein mentioned.

138. An act for amending and continuing an Act for repairing Roads in the County of Renfrew, and for altering the Line of Road between Glasgow and Kilmarnock in the said County.

