Local Acts passed in 1831, 1 & 2 William 4 c.1 - c.76.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1831.
---

1. An Act for erecting and maintaining a Pier and other Works for the more conveniently landing and embarking Passengers in the Port of the Town of Southampton.

2. An Act for erecting and maintaining a Bridge over the River Lagan at Belfast and for making suitable Approaches thereto.

3. An Act for the Establishment of a Chapel of Ease, to be called Grosvenor Chapel, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square in the County of Middlesex, and for providing for the Maintenance of the said Chapel, and a Stipend for the Minister thereof.

4. An Act for settling disputed Rights respecting Tithes within the Parish of Ashton-under-Lyne in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for fixing certain annual Payments in lieu thereof.

5. An Act for better raising and securing the Fund established for making Provision for the Widows of the Writers to His Majesty's Signet in Scotland.

6. An Act to amend an Act for vesting and securing to John Stephen Langton Esquire certain Profits and Emoluments for a limited Time.

7. An Act to enable the Yorkshire Fire and Life Insurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary, or of any One of the Directors of the said Company.

8. An Act to amend certain Acts passed in the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for opening a Street from the Cross of Glasgow to Monteith Row.

9. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for regulating the Conversion of the Statute Labour within the Barony of Gorbals in the City of Glasgow and County of Lanark.

10. An Act to amend and extend the Powers of an Act for recovering, draining, and preserving certain Lands, and for better supplying with Water the Mills, Manufactories, and other Works situated on the River Leven in the Counties of Kinross and Fife.

11. An Act to amend and enlarge the several Acts relating to the Bolton and Leigh Railway.

12. An Act to alter the Line of the Avon and Gloucester Railway, to make certain Branches from the same, and to amend the Act for making the said Railway.

13. An Act for making a Turnpike Road (with a Branch therefrom) from the Angel Inn, near Darlington in the County of Durham, to Barton Lane End in the County of York.

14. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Norwich to Cromer in the County of Norfolk, and Two Branches of Road leading towards Holt and towards Wolterton in the said County.

15. An Act for repairing and improving the Road from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross, in the West Riding of the County of York.

16. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads leading into and from the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester, and for making new Branches of Roads to communicate therewith.

17. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Thornset in the County of Derby to Furnace Colliery within Disley in the County of Chester, and Two several Branches therefrom.

18. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from the Town of Monmouth, and for making several new Lines and Diversions of Road to communicate therewith, in the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, and Hertford.

19. An Act for repairing the Road from the Bridge on the old River at Barton to Brandon Bridge in the County of Suffolk.

20. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the several Roads from the South Gate in the Borough of King's Lynn into the Parishes of East Walton, Narborough, Stoke Perry, and Downham Market, in the County of Norfolk.

21. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Borough of King's Lynn, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for making a new Line of Road at Castle Rising, all in the County of Norfolk.

22. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road between the City of Durham and the Village of Shotley Bridge in the County of Durham.

23. An Act for consolidating the Trusts of certain Roads called the Breamish and Wooler Turnpike Roads in the County of Northumberland, and for more effectually improving and maintaining the same.

24. An Act for more effectually maintaining and improving the Road from Soho Hill in the Parish of Handsworth to the Walsall Road on the Northern Side of Hamstead Bridge, and another Road from Brown's Green to the Friary, in the County of Stafford.

25. An Act for repairing and improving certain Roads in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, leading to and from the Town of Wolverhampton in the County of Stafford.

26. An Act for more effectually repairing certain Roads leading to and from the Town of Abergavenny in the County of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining several new Branches of Road to communicate therewith.

27. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Bottom of Kirkgate to the Bottom of Westgate, both in the Parish of Wakefield in the West Riding of the County of York.

28. An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for more effectually maintaining the Road from Teignmouth to Dawlish, and for making Roads from Dawlish to the Exeter Turnpike Roads, together with a Road from Southtown to Chudleigh, and certain Branches communicating with the same, all in the County of Devon; and to make and maintain other Roads communicating with the said Roads.

29. An Act for more effectually repairing, amending, and improving the Roads from Liverpool to Prescot, Ashton, and Warrington, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

30. An Act to continue and amend an Act of the Fifth Year of His late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Durweston Bridge to Caundle Bishop, and other Roads, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, so far as relates to the Vale of Blackmoor Turnpike Roads.

31. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the South End of Mirford Bridge in the Parish of Tedburn Saint Mary to Chudleigh Bridge, and from Crockham Bridge to the Exeter Turnpike Road in Chudleigh, all in the County of Devon.

32. An Act for amending certain Roads in the bounty of Somerset, and for placing them and other Roads under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the Langport, Somerton, and Castle Cary Roads.

33. An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the Three Divisions of the County of Lincoln to purchase the Site of Lincoln Castle; and to empower the Court of Gaol Sessions for the said County to maintain and support the Judges House, County Hall, and Courts of Assize; and for other Purposes affecting the County at large.

34. An Act for improving, repairing, and maintaining the Harbours of the Burgh of Rothesay in the County of Bute, and for building and maintaining a Gaol, Court House, and Offices for the said Burgh and County.

35. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from Rutherglen Green to Wellshot in the County of Lanark.

36. An Act for draining and improving certain Low Lands situate within the several Townships of Norton, Campsall, Askren, Moss, Fenwick, Little Smeaton, Stubbs Walden, Womersley, Whitley, Bain, Pollington, Snaith and Cowick, and Syke-house, in the several Parishes of Campsall, Womersley, Kellington, Snaith, and Fishlake, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

37. An Act for maintaining the Road from Wakefield to Austerlands in the West Riding of the County of York.

38. An Act for making and repairing certain Roads leading across the County of Stirling, and other Roads in the said County.

39. An Act to amend an Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham in the County of Buckingham.

40. An Act for improving and maintaining the Road from the South Side of a Bridge over the River Colne, called Engine Bridge, in the Township of Huddersfield in the West Riding of the County of York, to Woodhead in the County Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a Bridge over the River Mersey, called Enterclough Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby.

41. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads leading to and from the Town of Cirencester in the County of Gloucester, and Wootton Bassett in the County of Wilts.

42. An Act to continue and amend an Act for more effectually repairing several Roads in and through His Majesty's Forest of Dean in the County of Gloucester, and to convert certain Highways in the Parishes of Staunton and Newland, in the said County, into Turnpike Roads.

43. An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Wisbech in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge to the Town of Thorney in the same Isle and County.

44. An Act for improving and maintaining the Road from Ludlow in the County of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hertford, to Monks Bridge in the said County, and also from Ludlow to Orleton in the County of Hereford.

45. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for carrying into effect certain Improvements within the City of Edinburgh, and adjacent to the same.

46. An Act for extending the Royalty of the Burgh of Dundee, and for amending the Sett or Municipal Constitution, of the said Burgh.

47. An Act for repealing, altering, enlarging, and amending certain Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Incorporation of the Highland Society of London, for the better Management of the Funds of the Society, and for rendering its Exertions more extensive and beneficial to the Public.

48. An Act for erecting a County Hall and Courts of Justice, and also for providing Accommodation for His Majesty's Justices of Assize, in and for the County of Worcester.

49. An Act for endowing a Church called Saint Bridgett, in the Parish of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

50. An Act for extinguishing Tithes, and customary Payments in lieu of Tithes, within the Parish of Llanelly in the County of Carmarthen, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof.

51. An Act for the better Management of the Poor in the several Parishes and Hamlets in the City of Norwich and County of the same City.

52. An Act to consolidate and amend the several Acts for making the West India Docks.

53. An Act for granting certain Powers to a Company called "The General Steam Navigation Company."

54. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Lough Corrib to the Bay of Galway, and far the Improvement of the Harbour of Galway.

55. An Act for the further Improvement of the Port and Harbour of Belfast in Ireland, and for other Purposes.

56. An Act to amend the several Acts for making and maintaining the Ulster Canal in the Counties of Fermanagh and Armagh.

57. An Act for inclosing, draining, and warping Lands within the Townships or Hamlets of Frodingham, Scunthorpe, and Gunhouse (otherwise Gunnas), ail in the Parish of Frodingham in the County of Lincoln.

58. An Act for amending an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for making and maintaining a Railway from the Lands of Polloc and Govan to the River Clyde; and to alter and extend the Powers of the Company of Proprietors of the said Railway.

59. An Act for making a Railway from Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster to Sheffield in the West Riding of the County of York.

60. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to Bolton and to Bury to make and maintain a Railway from Manchester to Bolton and to Bury in the County Palatine of Lancaster, upon or near the Line of the said Canal Navigation, and to make and maintain a Collateral Branch to communicate therewith.

61. An Act for more effectually making, amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in repair certain Roads in the County of Forfar.

62. An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for repairing the several Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for making certain new Lines of Road to communicate with the same, and for keeping in repair Exe Bridge and Countess Wear Bridge; and to make and maintain other Roads communicating with the said Roads.

63. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Aylesbury in the County of Buckingham to Hockliffe in the County of Bedford.

64. An Act for the more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Sunderland near the Sea in the County of Durham to the City of Durham.

65. An Act for repairing and improving the several Roads within the Kidwelly District of Roads in the County of Carmarthen, and for making new Lines of Road within the said District, and building a Bridge across the River Lloughor at Spitty Bank, and a Bridge or Embankment across the River Gwendraith Fawr at the Ford.

66. An Act for better repairing and improving several Roads leading to and from the Town of Frome in the County of Somerset.

67. An Act for better regulating the Poor within the Parish of Birmingham in the County of Warwick; and for empowering the Guardians of the Poor to grant Building Leases of certain Lands vested in them, or otherwise to sell and dispose of the same, and to apply the Monies to arise therefrom in the Enlargement or rebuilding of the present Workhouse; and for other Purposes.

68. An Act to alter and amend the several Acts for making navigable the River Kennel in the County of Berks.

69. An Act for making and maintaining a Railroad from Westland Row in the City of Dublin to the Head of the Western Pier of the Royal Harbour of Kingstown in the County of Dublin, with Branches to communicate therewith.

70. An Act for repairing and improving the Mail Coach Road through the County of Tyrone.

71. An Act for more effectually making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Fife, Kinross, Perth, and Clackmanan.

72. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from North Shields in the County of Northumberland to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and certain Branches communicating therewith; and also for making and repairing additional Branches of Road.

73. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts now in force relating to the new River or Cut from Eau Brink to King's Lynn in the County of Norfolk, called the Eau Brink Cut; and to raise further Funds for carrying the said Acts into execution.

74. An Act for more effectually improving the Road from the Pondyards in the County of Hertford to the Town of Chipping Barnet in the same County

75. An Act to repeal in part an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, relating to a Portion of the Lands of Ballinaspeg, near the City of Cork, belonging to the See of Cork; and to enable the Bishops of that See to demise the same, under certain Restrictions.

76. An Act for regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coals in the Cities of London and Westminster, and in certain Parts of the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, Essex, Hertfordshire, Buckinghamshire, and Berkshire.

