Local Acts passed in 1831, 1 William 4 c.1 - c.70.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1831.
---

1. An act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Highgate in the County of Middlesex, through Whetstone, to Chipping Barnet in the County of Hertford, and the Road from Chipping Barnet to the Thirteen Mile Stone near Gannick Comer in the Parish of South Mims in the said County of Middlesex.

2. An act for repairing, amending and maintaining the Roads from Marchwiel, through Bangor, Worthenbury, and Hanmer, to Whitchurch, and from Bangor to Malpas, and from Redbrook to Hampton, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, Chester, and Salop.

3. An act for enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for improving the Approaches to London Bridge.

4. An act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for regulating the Poor of the City of Bristol, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

5. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath in the County of Middlesex, to the Twenty Mile Stone on Egham Hill in the County of Surrey.

6. An act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from the Post Road near Faversham, by Bacon's Water, through Ashford, to Hythe, and from Bacon's Water to Castle Street in the City of Canterbury, all in the County of Kent.

7. An act for more effectually maintaining the Road from Crossford Bridge to the Town of Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making a Branch Road to communicate therewith.

8. An act for repairing the Road leading from Dartford to Sevenoaks in the County of Kent.

9. An act for repairing the Road from Wimborne Minster to Blandford Forum in the County of Dorset.

10. An act for repairing the Road from Burton Bridge in the County of Stafford to Market Bosworth in the County of Leicester.

11. An act for repairing the Road from Birmingham to Bromsgrove.

12. An act for repairing the Road from Measham in the County of Derby to Fieldon Bridge in the County of Warwick, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Derby, Leicester, and Warwick.

13. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Rotherham and Mansfield Turnpike Road, at or near Clown in the County of Derby, to the Worksop and Kelham Turnpike Road at or near Budby in the County of Nottingham.

14. An act for repairing the Watling Street Road, the Mancester and Wolvey Heath Road, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick.

15. An act for repairing the Road from the Broken Cross in Macclesfield to Nether Tabley in the County of Chester.

16. An act to authorize the raising of further Monies for supplying the Town of Manchester with Gas.

17. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Lower Saint Cross Mill Lane, on the Road from the City of Winchester to Southampton, to Park Gate, on the Road from Southampton to Gosport, in the County of Southampton.

18. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Albion Street, in the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester, to Bunch Lane in or near the Village of Bishops Cleeve in the said County, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Evesham in the County of Worcester to the said Town of Cheltenham.

19. An act to enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for establishing and well-governing the Institution called "The School for the Indigent Blind," and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto, and the better enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs.

20. An act to amend an Act of the Forty-seventh Year of King George the Third, for enlarging the Churchyard belonging to r the Parish of Saint Martin in the Town of Birmingham in the County of Warwick, and for providing an additional Cemetery or Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish.

21. An act for the better assessing and recovering of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, and of the Ecclesiastical or Church Rates upon small Tenements, within the Parish of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

22. An act for raising a further Sum of Money to defray the outstanding Claims in respect of the building the Crypt and Tower to the additional Church erected in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey in the County of Surrey, and of inclosing the Burial Ground thereof.

23. An act for building a Church or Chapel, with a Cemetery to the same, in the Township of Liscard in the Parish of Wallasey in the County Palatine of Chester.

24. An act for erecting a Chapel in the Parish of Saint Leonards within the Liberty of the Town and Port of Hastings in the County of Sussex, for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said Parish and of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen within the said Liberty and County.

25. An act for making and maintaining a Pier or Jetty, and other Works, at Herne Bay in the Parish of Heme in the County of Kent.

26. An act for more effectually draining certain Fen Lands and Wet Grounds called the Great West Fen, in the Parish of Hilgay in the County of Norfolk.

27. An act to amend an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for improving the Drainage of the Lands lying in the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and in Great Portsand in the Manor of Crowland, and for providing a Navigation between Clows Cross and the Nene Outfall Cut.

28. An act for more effectually amending and widening the Road from a Place near the Village of Milford in the County of Surrey, through Haslemere, to the Forty-third Mile Stone at Carpenter's Heath, and from thence to a Bridge, near the Blue Bell Inn, over Houndleys Water, at the Boundary of the said County of Surrey.

29. An act for amending and maintaining the Turnpike Road from and out of the Road leading from Quebec in Leeds to Home-field Lane End in Wortley, to communicate with the Road leading from Huddersfield to Birstal at the Coach and Horses Public House in Birstal in the West Riding of the County of York.

30. An act for amending and maintaining the Roads from Stafford to Sandon in the County of Stafford, and from Stafford through Bridgford and Eccleshall to Ireland's Cross near Woore in the County of Salop, and from Bridgford aforesaid to the Stone which divides the Liberty of Ranton and Ellenhall in the Road between Bridgford and Newport, and from the Village of Knighton to the Turnpike Road leading from Stone to Woore aforesaid.

31. An act for amending and improving the Road from the Town of Stone to Gaol Gate in the Borough of Stafford, and from Green Gate in the said Borough, through Dunston and Penkridge, to Streetway Road in the Road leading to Wolverhampton in the County of Stafford.

32. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the City of Norwich to North Walsham in the County of Norfolk.

33. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Stopham Bridge in the Parish of Pulborough to the Direction Post in the Parish of Steyning on the Turnpike Road leading from Steyning to Horsham in the County of Sussex.

34. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Liverpool to Preston in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

35. An act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Wakefield to Aberford in the County of York.

36. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Lemsford Mills in the Parish of Bishops Hatfield, through Welwyn and Stevenage, to Hitchin, and from Welwyn through Codicot, to Hitchin aforesaid, all in the County of Hertford.

37. An act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Roads from Bury through Haslingden to Blackburn and Whalley, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making a new Piece of Road also to communicate therewith.

38. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Leicester and Welford Road, near Foston Lane, to the Road leading from Hinckley to Ashby-de-la-Zouch; and for repairing Hunt's Lane and Wood Lane, in the Parishes of Desford and Newbold in the County of Leicester.

39. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Burton-upon-Trent in the County of Stafford to Abbott's Bromley, otherwise Bagot's Bromley, in the said County.

40. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the City of Coventry to Stoney Stanton in the County of Leicester, to unite with the present Turnpike Road there leading through Narborough to the Borough of Leicester.

41. An act for repairing the Road from the City of Coventry to Over Whitacre in the County of Warwick.

42. An act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road over Horley Common in the County of Surrey to a Place called Black Corner, and from thence to the Brighthelmstone Turnpike Road at Cuckfield in the County of Sussex.

43. An act for more effectually making and repairing the Road from the new Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, to Baillieston in the County of Lanark, and certain Branch Roads connected therewith.

44. An act for improving the Road from the Red House near Doncaster to the South Side of Wakefield Bridge, and from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to Weeland, and from Pontefract to Wentbridge, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

45. An act for repairing and maintaining the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and Farnborough in the County of Kent to Beggars Bush in the Turnpike Road leading from Tonbridge Wells to Maresfield in the County of Sussex.

46. An act for improving and maintaining several Roads leading to and from the Town of Walsall in the County of Stafford.

47. An act for making a Turnpike Road from the North Side of the Quarry House in the Township of Perry Barr in the County of Stafford to the Brook which divides the Parishes of Aston juxta Birmingham and Birmingham in the County of Warwick.

48. An act to alter and amend the several Acts now in force for the assessing, collecting, and levying of County Rates, so far as the same relate to the County of Middlesex.

49. An act for better supplying with Water the several Hamlets of Beard, Ollerset, Thornset, and Whittle, in the Parish of Glossop in the County of Derby.

50. An act for making the River Waveney navigable for Ships and other Seaborne Vessels from Rosehall Fleet to the Mouth of Oulton Dyke; and for making and maintaining a navigable Cut from the said River at Carlton Shares Mill into the said Dyke leading to Oulton Broad in the County of Suffolk.

51. An act for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Liverpool and Manchester Railway.

52. An act for better supplying with Water the several Townships of Hyde, Werneth, and Newton, in the County Palatine of Chester.

53. An act for embanking, draining, improving, and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Parish of Yaxley in the County of Huntingdon called "The Undrained Fen."

54. An act to enlarge and amend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Birmingham and Liverpool Junction Canal, and to better supply the said Canal with Water.

55. An act to consolidate and extend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey.

56. An act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Borough of Wigan to the Borough of Preston, both in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and collateral Branches to communicate therewith.

57. An act for taking down the Parish Church of Great Marlow in the County of Buckingham, and for rebuilding the same on or near the present Site thereof.

58. An act for more effectually keeping in repair several Roads in the County of Carmarthen usually called the Llandovery District of the Lampeter Roads, and for making and maintaining certain new Lines of Road to communicate therewith.

59. An act for more effectually keeping in repair the Roads from Ludlowfach to the Town of Llandovery, and from thence to the River Amman in the County of Carmarthen, and several other Roads in the said County communicating therewith, and for making new Branches of Road in the same County and in the County of Glamorgan.

60. An act for maintaining the Road from Enfield Chase in the County of Middlesex to Lemsford Mill in the County of Hertford.

61. An act for maintaining and improving the Road from Titchfield to Cosham in the County of Southampton.

62. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads called "The Pucklechurch or Lower District of Roads" in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts.

63. An act for repairing the Turnpike Road from the Salutation Inn to Christian Malford Bridge in the County of Wilts, called The Draycot or Upper District; and for disuniting the said Road from a certain other Road called The Pucklechurch Lower District, in the County of Gloucester.

64. An act for more effectually repairing and keeping in repair the Road from Carlowrie Bridge on the River Almond to Linlithgow Bridge on the River Avon, and other Roads in the County of Linlithgow.

65. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Bishopsgate Bridge in the City of Norwich to the Caister Causeway in the County of Norfolk.

66. An act for more effectually repairing several Roads in and near the Town of Bruton, and other Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, and for making and maintaining Two other Roads communicating therewith.

67. An act for more effectually repairing, widening, and otherwise improving the Road from the South-east End of the Town of Loughborough in the County of Leicester, commencing at South Field Lane, to the South End of Cavendish Bridge in the same County.

68. An act for consolidating the Trusts of the several Turnpike Roads in the Neighbourhood of Cheadle in the County of Stafford, and for making Deviations and new Branches to and from the same.

69. An act to amend an Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of His late Majesty, for the more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Roads in the County of Glamorgan.

70. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Tunbridge Wells in the County of Kent to the Cross Ways at or near Marefield Street, and from Florence Farm to Forest Row in the County of Sussex.

