Local Acts passed in 1832, 2 & 3 William 4 c.1 - c.113.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1832.
---

1. An Act for enabling the Liverpool Marine Assurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman for the Time being, or of any One of the Directors of the said Company.

2. An Act to enlarge the Term and amend the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for making a navigable Communication between the City of Norwich and the Sea, at or near Lowestoft in the County of Suffolk.

3. An Act for maintaining and improving the Turnpike Roads leading from Ashford to Buxton, and from Tideswell to Blackwell, and from Edensor to Ashford, all in the County of Derby.

4. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Hardingston to Old Stratford in the County of Northampton.

5. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Ipswich to Stratford Saint Mary in the County of Suffolk.

6. An Act for more effectually maintaining and improving the Roads from Birmingham to Wednesbury and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the Portway adjoining the Bilston and Wednesbury Turnpike Road, and to Nether Trindle near Dudley, and from Trouse Lane in the Parish of Wednesbury to Darlaston, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester; and for making new Branches of Road communicating therewith.

7. An Act for establishing a Floating Bridge over the River Tamar at or near Saltash Ferry in the County of Cornwall.

8. An Act for establishing a Market in the Parish of Walton-on-the-Hill in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

9. An Act to continue the Term and to alter and amend the Powers of an Act passed in the Fifty-first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for the Improvement of the Harbour of Sutton Pool in the Port of Plymouth in the County of Devon.

10. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Parochial Rates, and for the better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Margaret in the Borough and County of Leicester.

11. An Act to amend an Act for lighting the Town and Burgh of Paisley, and Suburbs and Places adjacent, with Gas; and to enable the Company thereby incorporated to increase their Capital Stock; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

12. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Saint Helens, the Hamlet of Hardshaw-cum-Windle, and the several Townships of Windle, Parr, Eccleston, and Sutton, all in the Parish of Prescot in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

13. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for lighting and otherwise improving the Streets and other public Places in the Parish of Saint Luke in the County of Middlesex; and for placing under the Care of the Trustees certain Roads in the Parish which were lately Turnpike Roads.

14. An Act for diverting, altering, repairing, maintaining, and improving the several Turnpike Roads within the District of Newport in the County of Monmouth.

15. An Act for repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Brough Ferry to South Newbald Holmes, and from Brough to Welton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

16. An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Burford to Banbury in the County of Oxford, and from Burford to the Road leading to Stow in the County of Gloucester, and from Swerford Gate in the County of Oxford to the Road in Aynho in the County of Northampton; and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate with the same.

17. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from New Windsor in the County of Berks to the Village of Twyford in the Parish of Hurst in the said County and County of Wilts.

18. An Act for repairing the Road leading out of the Bedford and Newport Pagnett Turnpike Road near Bromham Grange in the County of Bedford to Olney and other Places in the County of Buckingham.

19. An Act for improving and maintaining the Road from or near Mytholm Boyd Bridge, in the West Riding of the County of York, communicating with the Road at or near to the Sixth Mile Stone from Rochdale in the County of Lancaster.

20. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Doncaster to Bawtry in the County of York.

21. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Downham Market to Barton, and to a Place called the Devils Ditch, all in the County of Norfolk.

22. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Boroughbridge in the County of York to the City of Durham, and for making and maintaining certain Deviations therein.

23. An Act to amend several Acts relating to London Bridge and the Approaches thereto.

24. An Act for making and maintaining a Reservoir upon Bradshaw Brook in the Townships of Turton and Entwisle in the Parish of Bolton-le-Moors in the County of Lancaster, for providing a more regular Supply of Water in Bradshaw Brook aforesaid, and in certain Rivers connected therewith.

25. An Act to alter, amend, enlarge, and extend the Powers of several Acts passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth for making and maintaining the Clarence Railway.

26. An Act to equalize the Ecclesiastical Burthens of the Parish of Saint Mary Islington in the County of Middlesex; for partially altering the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Stone Fields Estate within the said Parish; for letting the Pews in the Parish Church of Saint Mary Islington, and the Chapel of Ease thereto; and for other Purposes connected therewith.

27. An Act for better supplying with Water the Borough of Preston, and Part of the Township of Fishwick adjoining thereto, in the Parish of Preston in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

28. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Barton Bridge into the Manchester and Altrincham Turnpike Road in the County of Lancaster.

29. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Cockermouth to the Town of Workington, and a Branch of Road over Broughton High Bridge, unto and as far as the public Highway leading from the Village of Papcastle, towards and unto the Village of Great Broughton in the County of Cumberland.

30. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Odiham in the County of Southampton to Farnham in the County of Surrey.

31. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Berwick-upon-Tweed, by Ayton Bridge and Ayton, to Dunglas Bridge, and the Road from Billie Causeway and Preston Bridge to join the said Road at or near Houndwood House and Bankhouse respectively, in the County of Berwick.

32. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from the Alfreton Turnpike Road near Mansfield, through Tibshelf and Morton, to the Nottingham Turnpike Road near Tansley, and other Roads connected therewith, in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby.

33. An Act for repairing the Road from Birmingham (through Elmdon) to Stonebridge in the County of Warwick.

34. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Sessions House in the Town of Buckingham to Hanwell in the County of Oxford.

35. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Cavehill to the Harbour of Belfast in the County of Antrim.

36. An Act for widening and improving a Part of London Road in the Parish of Manchester and County of Lancaster, and also for effecting Improvements in the Streets and other Places within the Town of Manchester.

37. An Act for lighting with Gas the City or Borough of Wells in the County of Somerset, the Liberty of Saint Andrew, and Suburbs of the said City or Borough.

38. An Act to enable the British Commercial Insurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of One of the Directors or of the Secretary for the Time being of the Company.

39. An Act for better governing and regulating an Institution in the City of Bristol called and known by the Name of "The Bristol Asylum or School of Industry for the Blind."

40. An Act for providing a Town Hall and Market Place, and regulating the Markets, in the Town of Upton-upon-Severn in the County of Worcester.

41. An Act for extending the Time for completing the additional Bridge over the River Bee in the City of Chester.

42. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for rebuilding the Bridges over the Rivers Spey and Findhorn, for making Accesses thereto, and for making and maintaining certain new Roads in the County of Elgin, in so far as the same regards the Bridge over the River Spey near Fochabers in the said County of Elgin.

43. An Act to explain and amend Two Acts, of the Fifty-first Year of His late Majesty King George the Third and the Fifth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, relative to the Bridgewater and Taunton Canal Navigation.

44. An Act for constructing and maintaining a Pier or Harbour at Largs in the County of Ayr.

45. An Act for better paving, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the Town of Saint Leonard in the County of Sussex.

46. An Act for enabling the Liverpool and Manchester Railway Company to make a Branch Railway, and for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to such Railway.

47. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from Wadebridge in the Parish of Saint Breoke to Wenford Bridge, Saint Breward, with a collateral Branch to the Borough of Bodmin, and certain other Branches, all in the County of Cornwall.

48. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram-road from a certain Quay at Portmadock, in the Parish of Ynys-cynhaiarn in the County of Carnarvon, to certain Slate Quarries called Rhiw-bryfder and Dyffws, in the Parish of Festiniog in the County of Merioneth.

49. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of several Acts for making and maintaining the Saint Katharine Docks in the County of Middlesex.

50. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for draining and improving certain Low Grounds and Cars in Holderness in the East Riding of the County of York.

51. An Act for maintaining several Roads leading to and from the Town of Tamworth in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick.

52. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Burnt House in the Parish of Lympstone in the County of Devon to Exmouth in the same County.

53. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Little Yarmouth to Blythburgh, and from Brampton to Halesworth, in the County of Suffolk.

54. An Act for better maintaining the Road leading from Robeston Wathan to Saint Clears, and other Roads, in the Counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen, and for making several Branches from such Roads.

55. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Newcastle-under-Lyme in the County of Stafford to Drayton in Hales otherwise Market Drayton in the County of Salop, and for making new Branches and Deviations of Roads to communicate therewith.

56. An Act for more effectually repairing, amending, and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the County of Berwick.

57. An Act for more effectually repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Vinehall to Cripps's Corner, and from thence to Staplecross, and from Cripps's Corner to Taylor's Corner, in the County of Sussex, and a Piece of Road communicating therewith.

58. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Turnpike Road from or near a Place called The Five Oaks, in the Parish of Billingshurst, to join the Horsham and Guildford Turnpike Road on Broadbridge Heath in the County of Sussex.

59. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Shankhill in the County of Kilkenny to the City of Waterford.

60. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Conway to Pwllheli, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Carnarvon and Denbigh.

61. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Bishop Wearmouth to Norton in the County of Durham.

62. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Ightham in the County of Kent to the Turnpike Road leading from London to Maidstone in the said County.

63. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to Fakenham in the County of Norfolk.

64. An Act for making a Turnpike Road from the Parish of Cann Saint Rumbold, near Shaftesbury in the County of Dorset, through Cranbourne Chase and the New Forest, to the Bell Inn at Brook in the Parish of Bramshaw in the County of Southampton, together with Two Branches therefrom.

65. An Act to amend and render more effectual certain Acts of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second and the Nineteenth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for the more speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower Hamlets.

66. An Act for the better Regulation and Improvement of the United Parishes of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars and Saint George the Martyr in the County of Middlesex.

67. An Act for making and maintaining Wet Docks in the Port of Hartlepool, and a Railway from the said Docks into the Township of Moorsley, with certain Branches therefrom, all in the County of Durham.

68. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of King George the Third, for improving the Pier and Port of Hartlepool in the County of Durham.

69. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal Navigation and Railway to alter some Parts of the said Canal Navigation, to alter and amend the Line of the said Railway, to make further collateral Branches thereto; and for amending the Powers and Provisions of the Act relating to the said Canal and Railway.

70. An Act for inclosing, draining, and embanking Lands within the Parishes of Rushington and Dorrington, and the Township or Hamlet of North Kyme in the Parish of South Kyme, all in the County of Lincoln.

71. An Act for more effectually repairing the First District of the Road from Coleshill, through the City of Lichfield and the Town of Stone, to the End of the County of Stafford in the Road leading towards Chester, and several other Roads in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford and City and County of the City of Lichfield.

72. An Act for repairing and improving the Road from Ternhill to Newport in the County of Salop.

73. An Act for more effectually repairing, improving, and maintaining the Road from Bawtry to Selby in the West Riding of the County of York.

74. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads leading to and through the Town of Goudhurst in the County of Kent.

75. An Act for better maintaining certain Roads within the County of Salop called "The Shawbury District of Roads."

76. An Act for repairing, maintaining, and improving the Road from Stevenage in the County of Hertford to Biggleswade in the County of Bedford, and a Branch therefrom to Arlsey in the said County of Bedford.

77. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Lanfabon to Pontymoil, and other Roads and Bridges therein mentioned, in the Counties of Glamorgan and Monmouth.

78. An Act for erecting and maintaining within the Burgh of Haddington a new Court House, Record Rooms, and other Offices, for the County of Haddington.

79. An Act for enlarging the Church of Saint Mary in the Chapelry of Birkenhead in the County Palatine of Chester.

80. An Act for establishing as the Parish Church the newly-erected Church in the Parish of Saint Bartholomew adjoining the City of Chichester.

81. An Act to enable the Standard Life Assurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Manager; for confirming the Rules and Regulations of the said Company; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

82. An Act for more effectually making, maintaining, and repairing certain Roads, with the necessary Bridges thereon, in the Counties of Perth, Stirling, and Forfar. 82i

83. An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from the Bell in Stoke Ferry in the County of Norfolk.

84. An Act for maintaining and improving certain Roads within the Counties of Worcester and Stafford called "The Dudley and Brettell Lane District of Roads," and for making several Branches from such Roads.

85. An Act for improving certain Roads within the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford, called "The Dudley and New Inn District of Roads."

86. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Doncaster to the Town and Port of Selby in the West Riding of the County of York.

87. An Act for altering and amending certain Acts for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh and the adjoining Districts; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

88. An Act for more easily providing Compensation for the Damage and Injury committed within the City of Bristol and County of the same City during the late Riots and Disturbances therein.

89. An Act for repairing, lighting, and watching the District of the United Parishes of Saint James and Saint Paul in the County of Gloucester; and for the Care of the Poor thereof.

90. An Act for improving and regulating the Township of Chorlton-upon-Medlock in the County of Lancaster.

91. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and improving the Town and Port of Hastings in the County of Sussex, and for establishing and regulating Markets therein, and supplying the Inhabitants thereof with Water; and for other Purposes.

92. An Act to accelerate the raising by the Newcastle upon Tyne and Carlisle Railway Company of a certain Sum for the more speedy Prosecution of the Undertaking.

93. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Basin of the Exeter Canal in the Parish of Saint Thomas the Apostle in the County of Devon to the Four Mills in the Parish of Crediton in the said County.

94. An Act for the more effectual Drainage of the Lands within Blankney Fen, Blankney Dales, Linwood Fen, Linwood Dales, and Martin Fen and Martin Dales, in the County of Lincoln.

95. An Act for the better Drainage of certain Lands in the Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck in the County of Lincoln, the Waters from which are discharged by the Blue Gowt Drain.

96. An Act for repealing Parts of and amending and enlarging the Powers of other Parts of an Act for embanking and draining certain Fens and Low Lands in the Parishes of Nocton and Potterhanworth in the County of Lincoln, and in the Parish of Branston in the County of the City of Lincoln.

97. An Act for more effectually repairing and amending the Marlborough District of the Road from Swindon to Marlborough and from Marlborough to Everley in the County of Wilts, and also the Branch Road from the same to the present Turnpike Road from Andover to Devizes; and for making a Road from in the said Branch Road at Collingburn Ducis to join the present Turnpike Road from Andover to Salisbury in the said County.

98. An Act for repairing and improving the Road from the Great Bridge in the Borough of Warwick, through Sautham and Daventry, to the Town of Northampton.

99. An Act for repairing and improving the Roads from Prestwich to Bury and Ratcliffe in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

100. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers and renewing the Term granted by certain Acts passed for improving the Communication between the City of Glasgow and the City of Carlisle.

101. An Act for amending and continuing the Acts relating to the Road from Elvan Foot in the County of Lanark to Beatock Bridge in the County of Dumfries.

102. An Act for better maintaining certain Roads within the County of Carmarthen called "The Three Commotts District of Roads," and for making several Branches, Diversions, and Extensions from such Roads.

103. An Act for uniting the Funds of the North and South Charitable Infirmaries of the City of Cork, and for establishing in lieu of such Infirmaries One General Hospital for the said City.

104. An Act for erecting and maintaining a new Court House and Public Offices for the County of Inverness.

105. An Act for better regulating the Pilotage of the Port of Kingston-upon-Hull and of the River Humber, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

106. An Act for better paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise improving the City of Exeter and County of the same City.

107. An Act to make more effectual Provisions for lighting, cleansing, and watching the City of Londonderry, and to amend several Acts relating to the said City.

108. An Act for discharging the Inhabitants of the Township of Ossett-cum-Gawthorpe in the Parish of Dewsbury in the County of York from the Custom of grinding Corn, Grain, and Malt at certain Water Com Mills in the Townships of Wakefield and Horbury and in the Parish of Sandal in the said County; and for making Compensation to the Proprietor of the said Mills.

109. An Act for maintaining certain Roads in the Neighbourhood of the Towns of Beverley, of Kingston-upon-Hull, and of North Cave, called "The Beverley, Hessle, and North Cave Turnpike Roads."

110. An Act for establishing a General Cemetery for the Interment of the Dead in the Neighbourhood of the Metropolis.

111. An Act for consolidating the several Shares of the Proprietors of the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Company, and for converting the Interests of the several Parties holding Debentures, Annuities, and Optional Notes into Shares; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal.

112. An Act for providing for the Discharge of a Claim in respect of Monies advanced by the late James Hodges Esquire on Security of the Lands of the late Zemindar of Nozeed and Mustaphanagur, in the District of Fort Saint George in the East Indies, now under the Government of the Honourable the East India Company.

113. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act for establishing Portman Market within the County of Middlesex.

