Local Acts passed in 1833, 3 & 4 William 4 c.1 - c.122.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1833.
---

1. An act for raising Money to pay Compensation for Damages committed within the Hundred of Broxtowe in the County of Nottingham during the late Riots and Tumults therein.

2. An act for repealing an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Bosmere and Claydon in the County of Suffolk, and for granting more effectual Powers instead thereof.

3. An act for lighting with Gas the Borough of Congleton and the Township of Buglawton within the Parish of Astbury in the County of Chester.

4. An act to enable the Clarence Railway Company to make certain additional Branch Railways; and to amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts for making and maintaining the said Railway.

5. An act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltash in the County of Cornwall, and for making a new Branch and Deviations of Roads to communicate therewith.

6. An act for repairing the Road from Reedy Gate in the Parish of Dunsford, through Moretonhampstead, to Cherry Brook in the Forest of Dartmoore, in the County of Devon.

7. An act for repairing the Road from Darly Moor in the County of Derby to Ellaston in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Leek in the same County and Ashborne in the County of Derby.

8. An act for repairing and maintaining the Road from the Guide Post near Sudden Bridge in the Parish of Rochdale to Bury, and a Branch therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

9. An act for repairing the Roads from near Monk Bridge, near York, to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, and from Spittle House to Scarborough, all in the County of York.

10. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Ipswich to Helmingham and to Debenham, and from Hemingston to Otley Bottom, in the County of Suffolk.

11. An act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Swell Wold to the Turnpike Road leading from Tewkesbury to Stow, and from Cheltenham to Sedgborough, and from Winchcomb to the said Turnpike Road from Tewkesbury to Stow; and also for making a new Branch from the said Road in Winchcomb to the Turnpike Road leading from Cheltenham to London at Andoversford in the Parish of Dowdeswell, in the County of Gloucester.

12. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Wendover to the End of Oak Lane, and from the River Colne for Half a Mile towards Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks.

13. An act for repairing and improving the Road from Barnsley to Cudworth Bridge, and from thence into the Turnpike Road leading from Wakefield to Doncaster, and other Roads connected therewith, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

14. An act for making, repairing, and improving certain Roads leading to and from Helston in the County of Cornwall.

15. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to the Windmill in the Town of Watton in the County of Norfolk, and for making a new Branch Road to communicate therewith.

16. An act for repairing the Road from Wellsbourn Mountfort to Stratford-upon-Avon in the County of Warwick.

17. An act for making and maintaining a Road from Bishop's Waltham to join the Botley and Winchester Road at or near Fisher's Pond in the Parish of Owslebury in the County of Southampton.

18. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the End of Ardwick Green near Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster to Mottram in Longdendale in the County Palatine of Chester.

19. An act for more effectually making and maintaining a Road from Thornset in the County of Derby to Furnace Colliery within Disley in the County of Chester, and for making and maintaining several Additions thereto.

20. An act for taking down the Parish Church of Stretton-upon-Dunsmore in the County of Warwick and Diocese of Lichfield and Coventry, and building a new Church in lieu thereof.

21. An act for the better Sewage, cleansing, and draining of the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester.

22. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Bolton to Kearsley called the Moses Gate District of Road, and a Branch thereout from Stone Clough to Pilkington, all in the County of Lancaster.

23. An act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads leading to and through the Town of Goudhurst in the County of Kent.

24. An act for repairing the Road from Bicester in the County of Oxford to Aylesbury in the County of Buckingham.

25. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the several Roads comprising the Flint, Holywell, and Mostyn Districts of Roads in the County of Flint, and for making new Deviations and Extensions of Roads to communicate with the said Districts.

26. An act for the more effectually repairing and maintaining the Turnpike Road from Pant Evan Brook in the County of Flint to Abergele in the County of Denbigh, and thence to Conway Ferry House in the County of Carnarvon.

27. An act for repairing and maintaining the Roads from Denbigh to the Northop and Holywell Road, and from Afon Wen to Mold, and also a Branch of Road leading from Northop to Mold, near a Place called Black Brook, and extending over Rhydgoled Bridge, by Rhual, to a certain Bridge called Pont-newydd, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint.

28. An act for repairing and maintaining the Roads from the Turnpike Road at Golford Green in the Parish of Cranbrooke to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Sandhurst, and from the Village of Benenden to the Bull Inn at Rolvenden Cross in the County of Kent.

29. An act to amend Two Acts for more effectually draining and preserving certain Marsh Lands or Low Grounds, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, draining into the River Rother and Channel of Appledore.

30. An act for making the Hamlets of Newbold and Armscott a separate Parish from the Parish of Tredington in the County and Diocese of Worcester; and for building a Church and providing a Churchyard and Parsonage House at Newbold.

31. An act for better supplying with Water the City and County of the City of Exeter, and such Part of the Parish of Saint David as is situated in the County of Devon.

32. An act for more effectually supplying with Water the City and County of the City of Exeter, and Places adjacent thereto.

33. An act to alter and amend an Act of the Fifty-third Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Saint Giles, Camberwell, in the County of Surrey, and regulating the Affairs thereof, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

34. An act for making a Railway from the Warrington and Newton Railway at Warrington in the County of Lancaster to Birmingham in the County of Warwick, to be called the Grand Junction Railway.

35. An act for making a Railway from Whitby to Pickering in the North Riding of the County of York.

36. An act for making a Railway from London to Birmingham.

37. An act for maintaining and improving several Roads in the County of Cardigan.

38. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Twenty Mile Stone on Egham Hill in the County of Surrey to a Place called Basingstone, near the Town of Bagshot in the Parish of Windlesham in the same County.

39. An act for more effectually repairing, altering, widening, and otherwise improving the Road from Ber Street Gates in the City of Norwich to New Buckenham in the County of Norfolk.

40. An act for improving certain Roads within the County Palatine of Chester, called The Chester, Neston, and Woodside Ferry District of Roads.

41. An act for repairing the Road from Upton in Ratley to Great Kington and Wellesbourne Hastings in the County of Warwick.

42. An act for more effectually repairing the several Roads leading from the Towns of Hertford and Ware and other Places in the County of Hertford.

43. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Lewes to Brighthelmston in the County of Sussex.

44. An act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Hodges to Beadles Hill and Cuckfield, and from Beadles Hill to Lindfield, all in the County of Sussex.

45. An act for repairing and improving several Roads called The Main Trust Roads, all in the County of Carmarthen, and making a new Piece of Road to communicate therewith from the Confines of the said County to Kings Moor in the County of Pembroke.

46. An act for making a Railway from London to Greenwich.

47. An act for better regulating the Market, and cleansing the Streets, and preventing Nuisances, in the Town of Taunton in the County of Somerset; and for amending Two several Acts of His late Majesty King George the Third relative thereto.

48. An act to alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Wangford in the County of Suffolk.

49. An act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Mutford and Lothingland in the County of Suffolk.

50. An act for building a Bridge over the River Trent, from Walton upon Trent in the County of Derby to Barton under Needwood in the County of Stafford.

51. An act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and improving the Town and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

52. An act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from Gelly Gille Farm in the Parish of Llanelly in the County of Carmarthen to Machynis Pool in the same Parish and County, and for making and maintaining a Wet Dock at the Termination of the said Railway or Tramroad at Machynis Pool aforesaid.

53. An act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Stone Street Hatch at Ockley in the County of Surrey to Wamham in the County of Sussex.

54. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Tunstall in the County of Stafford to Bosley in the County of Chester, and from Great Chell to Shelton in the said County of Stafford, and for making a new Line and Diversion of Road to communicate therewith.

55. An act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester towards the City of Hereford, and also towards Newent and Newnham in the County of Gloucester, Ledbury in the County of Herford, and Upton-upon-Severn in the County of Worcester.

56. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from the North End of the Road called "The Coal Road," near West Auckland in the County of Durham, to the Elsdon Road near Elishaw in the County of Northumberland.

57. An act to amend an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for repairing the Roads from Manchester to Salter's Brook, and for making several Roads to communicate therewith; and also for making a certain new Extension or Diversion of the said Roads instead of a certain Extension or Diversion by the said Act authorized to be made.

58. An act for more effectually repairing the several Roads leading from the Borough of Ledbury in the County of Hereford, and the Road from the Parish of Bromesberrow to the Road from Gloucester to Worcester, and for making several Roads to communicate therewith.

59. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Canal Bridge in Hurdsfield in the County of Chester to the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane Head in Fernilee in the County of Derby, leading to Chapel-in-the-Frith in the same County.

60. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road in Baldock in the County of Hertford to the Turnpike Road at or near Bourn Bridge in the County of Cambridge.

61. An act for repairing and improving the Road between the Towns of Ross and Abergavenny by Broad Oak and Skenfrith, and certain Roads connected therewith, leading to Grosmont and other Places, and for making and maintaining certain Branches of Road to communicate therewith, all in the Counties of Hereford and Monmouth.

62. An act for improving and enlarging the Market Places within the City of York, and rendering the Approaches thereto more commodious; and for regulating and maintaining the several Markets and Fairs held within the same City and the Suburbs thereof; and for amending an Act of His late Majesty, for paving, lighting, watching and improving the said City; and other Purposes.

63. An act for granting certain Powers to a Company called "The Imperial Continental Gas Association."

64. An act for the better establishing and securing a Fund for providing Annuities to the Widows and Children of the Members of the Faculty of Procurators of Glasgow.

65. An act to enable the Edinburgh Life Assurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Manager, Secretary, or a limited Number of their ordinary Directors, to hold Property, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

66. An act to enable The Economic Life Assurance Society to sue and be sued in the Name of any One of the Directors or Trustees of the said Society.

67. An act to alter and amend the Powers of several Acts passed relating to the Harbour of Rye in the County of Sussex, and for granting further Powers for improving and completing the said Harbour and the Navigation thereof.

68. An act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Township or Chapelry of Birkenhead in the County Palatine of Chester, and for regulating the Police thereof, and for establishing a Market within the said Township.

69. An act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leicester and Swannington Railway to execute additional Works and Branches, and for altering and amending the Powers of the Act relating to the said Railway.

70. An act for enabling the Stratford and Moreton Railway Company to make a new Branch of Railway to Shipston-upon-Stour in the County of Worcester.

71. An act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Termination of the Leicester and Swannington Railway in the Township of Swannington in the County of Leicester to the Ashby-de-la-Zouch Railway in the Township of Worthington in the said County, and a Branch Railway therefrom.

72. An act for altering and amending several Acts passed for the Drainage and Improvement of the Lands lying in the North Levels Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level and in Great Portsand and in the Manor of Cropland; and for providing additional Funds for such Drainage and Improvement by the Nenen Outfall Cut to Sea.

73. An act for repairing the Road from the Town of Great Faringdon in the County of Berks to Buford in the County of Oxford.

74. An act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Warrington to Wigan in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

75. An act for repairing and improving the Roads through Huntley from Gloucester towards Ross in the County of Hereford, and to and from Mitcheldean, and through Westbury-upon-Severn to Newnham and Littledean, in the County of Gloucester.

76. An act for maintaining and improving the Turnpike Road from the Guide Post below Haddon, out of the Bakewell Turnpike Road, into the Bentley and Ashbourne Turnpike Road, in the County of Derby.

77. An act for repairing and widening the Road from Whitchurch in the County of Southampton to the Extremity of the Parish of Aldermaston in the County of Berks.

78. An act for better repairing the Roads from Warminster and from Frome to the Bath Road, and from Woolverton to the Trowbridge Road, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, and for making certain new Lines of Road branching out of such Roads to and towards Bath.

79. An act to make and maintain a Turnpike Road from the Gateshead and Hexham Turnpike Road at or near to Axwell Park Gate, on the River Derwent, in the Township of Winlaton in the Parish of Ryton in the County of Durham, to the Village of Shotley Bridge in the said County of Durham.

80. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from the East End of a Close called Lord's Close, in the Parish of Brougham in the County of Westmoreland, by way of Brougham Bridget into the Town of Penrith in the County of Cumberland.

81. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Storington to Balls Hut in Walberton in the County of Sussex.

82. An act for repairing the Road from Offham to Ditchelling in the County of Sussex.

83. An act for repairing, maintaining, and improving the Road from Tadcaster Bridge within the County or the City of York to Hob Moor Lane End.

84. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Rochdale to Edenfeld in the Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

85. An act for continuing certain Powers to the Trustees of the New North Road, leading from the South End of Highbury Place, Islington, to Haberdashers Walk in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex.

86. An act for repairing the Road from Aylesbury in the County of Buckingham to Thame in the County of Oxford, and the Roads leading from the Town of Thame to Shillingford, Postcomb, and Bicester, in the said County of Oxford.

87. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Rugby Bridge in the County of Warwick to the Town of Hinckley in the County of Leicester.

88. An act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Brimington and Chesterfield in the County of Derby to the High Moors in the Parish of Brampton, in the said County.

89. An act for amending an Act of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for more effectually making and repairing certain Roads leading to and from Bodmin, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Cornwall; and for making and maintaining a new Road communicating therewith.

90. An act to amend so much of Two Acts for repairing the Road leading from Cheltenham towards the City of Gloucester, and for making a new Branch to communicate with the same, as relates to the Priority of certain Mortgages granted on the Tolls thereof.

91. An act for repairing the Roads from Fyfield in the County of Berks to Saint John's Bridge in the County of Gloucester, and from Kingston Bagpuze to Newbridge in the said County of Berks.

92. An act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from Swindon to the Centre of Christian Malford Bridge, from Caine to Lyneham Green, and from the Direction Post in Long Leaze Lane near Lydiard Marsh to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

93. An act for maintaining the Roads from the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull to the Town of Beverley in the East Riding of the County of York, and from Newland Bridge to the West End of the Town of Cottingham in the same Riding.

94. An act for improving the Communication between the Towns of Chepstow and Abergavenny in the County of Monmouth.

95. An act to enable the Clarence Railway Company to make an Extension of the Line of their Railway.

96. An act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen in the County of Norfolk, and other Purposes.

97. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Butterton Moor End to the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford and Derby, and for making several Diversions or new Lines of Road to communicate therewith.

98. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Bury Saint Edmunds to Newmarket in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge.

99. An act for improving the Shrewsbury District and the Wellington District of the Watling Street Road in the County of Salop.

100. An act for continuing certain Powers to the Trustees of the Road from Kentish Town to Upper Holloway in the County of Middlesex.

101. An act for amending an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for rebuilding, or for improving, regulating, and maintaining, the Town Quay of Gravesend in the County of Kent, and the Landing Place belonging thereto; and for building a Pier or Jetty adjoining thereto.

102. An act for erecting a Bridge over the River Dungleddan within the Town and County of Haverfordwest and the Liberties thereof.

103. An act for supplying with Water the Town and County of Haverfordwest and the Liberties thereof.

104. An act for better supplying with Water the Town and Borough of Lewes, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Sussex.

105. An act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, repairing, and improving a certain Portion of the Parish of Herne in the County of Kent.

106. An act to explain and amend an Act passed in the First and Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An act for carrying into effect certain Improvements within the City of Edinburgh and adjacent to the same.

107. An act for amending several Acts of the Sixteenth, Twenty-third, Twenty-ninth, and Fifty-fourth Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Forehoe in the County of Norfolk.

108. An act for erecting and maintaining a Gaol, Court Houses, and Public Offices for the Burgh of Lanark and the Upper Ward of the County of Lanark; and also for erecting and maintaining a Gaol, Court Houses, and Public Offices for the Burgh of Hamilton and Middle Ward of the said County.

109. An act for repairing, amending, and maintaining theTurnpike Roads in the County of Haddington, for rendering Turnpike certain Statute Labour and Parish Roads, and for more effectually collecting and applying the Statute Labour in the said County.

110. An act for confirming and carrying into effect Agreements between the Bishop of Ely and the Society of Judges and Serjeants at Law, for vesting in the said Society the Fee Simple of Serjeants Inn, Chancery Lane, and between the Parish of Saint Dunstan in the West and the said Society; and for other Purposes.

111. An act to alter and amend Three several Acts made in the Seventh and Forty-second Years of the Reign of King George the Third, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for draining Lands within the Level of Ancholme in the County of Lincoln, and making certain Parts of the River Ancholme navigable.

112. An act for more effectually repairing several Roads in the Counties of Carlow, Kilkenny, and Tipperary, and also the Road from the Town of Clonmel, through the County of Waterford, to the Cross Roads of Knocklofty in the said County of Tipperary.

113. An act for better preserving the Harbour of Maryport, and for lighting and otherwise improving the Township of Maryport in the County of Cumberland.

114. An act for making Two Branch Railways from the Monkland and Kirkintilloch Railway; and for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Fifth Year of His late Majesty for making the said Railway.

115. An act to amend an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for regulating and enabling the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company to sue and be sued.

116. An act for renewing and extending the Terms of the Acts relating to the Greenock and Renfrew and Greenock and Kelly Bridge Roads in the County of Renfrew.

117. An act for dissolving "The Saint George's Fund Society," otherwise called "The Troopers Fund," in the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, and for distributing the Fund.

118. An act for raising a Sum of Money for the Repair of Blackfriars Bridge.

119. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Township of Hyde, and other Places therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Chester.

120. An act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of this Session of Parliament, for more effectually repairing the Road from the Canal Bridge in Hurdsfield in the County of Chester to the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane Head in Fernilee in the County of Derby, leading to Chapel-in-the-Frith in the same County.

121. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Thames Tunnel Company, and to extend the Powers thereby given for raising Money for the Completion of the said Tunnel.

122. An act to appoint Trustees for the Creditors of the City of Edinburgh.

