Local Acts passed in 1834, 4 & 5 William 4 c.1 - c.96.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1834.
---

1. An Act to empower the Liverpool Oil Gas Light Company to produce Gas from Coal and other Materials, and to amend the Act relating to the said Company.

2. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from or near the City of Bristol to Coalpit Heath in the Parish of Westerleigh in the County of Gloucester.

3. An Act to enlarge and amend the Powers and Provisions of an Act relating to the Saint Helens and Runcorn Gap Railway Company.

4. An Act for building a Bridge over Stoke otherwise Haslar Lake, which separates Gosport from Haslar, both in the Parish of Alverstoke in the County of Southampton, and for making Approaches thereto.

5. An Act for better assessing the Poor and other Rates on small Tenements within the Parish of Sculcoates in the East Riding of the County of York.

6. An Act to repeal an Act passed for better assessing and recovering the Poor and other Rates upon small Tenements within the Parish of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

7. An Act to alter, amend, enlarge, and extend the Powers and Provisions of an Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of Lambeth Waterworks to supply the Inhabitants of the Parish of Lambeth and Parts adjacent in the County of Surrey with Water.

8. An Act for removing the Markets held in the High and Fore Street and other Places within the City of Exeter, and for providing other Markets in lieu thereof.

9. An Act for enabling the Ocean Assurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman for the Time being, or of any One of the Directors of the said Company.

10. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Crouch Hill in the Parish of Henfield to Ubley's Corner in the Parish of Albourne, and from the King's Head Inn in Albourne, through the Town of Hurstperpoint, to the Cross Roads in the Town of Ditcheling; and also for making and maintaining a Branch of Road from the Town of Hurstperpoint to Poynings Common, all in the County of Sussex.

11. An Act for making a Turnpike Road from Minsterley in the County of Salop to the Turnpike Road leading from Bishops Castle in the said County of Salop to Churchstoke in the County of Montgomery.

12. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Calder and Hebble Navigation to improve their Navigation, and to amend the Acts relating thereto.

13. An Act for extending the Approaches to London Bridge, and amending the Acts relating thereto.

14. An Act for granting certain Powers to the New Brunswick and Nova Scotia Land Company.

15. An Act for granting certain Powers to "The British American Land Company."

16. An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the Borough of Dorchester in the County of Dorset, and the Tithing of Colliton Row in the Town of Dorchester aforesaid.

17. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for supplying the City and Suburbs of Limerick in the County of the City of Limerick with Water.

18. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and the Neighbourhood thereof.

19. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for empowering the Marquis of Bute to make and maintain a Ship Canal commencing near the Mouth of the River Taff in the County of Glamorgan, and terminating near the Town of Cardiff, with other Works to communicate therewith.

20. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Western Branch of the Montgomeryshire Canal to effect an Agreement with William Pugh of Bryan Llywarch in the County of Montgomery, Esquire; and for securing certain Monies advanced and paid by the said William Pugh and others to or for the Use of the said Company.

21. An Act to enable the Birmingham and Liverpool Junction Canal Navigation Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

22. An Act to continue the Term and to alter and amend the Powers of an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for taking down and rebuilding Folly Bridge otherwise Friars Bridge, across the River Isis, in or near the City of Oxford.

23. An Act for uniting into One Parish the Parishes of Saint John the Baptist and Saint Benedict in the Town of Glastonbury in the County of Somerset.

24. An Act to incorporate a Company for better supplying with Gas the Town of Cambridge in the County of Cambridge.

25. An Act for uniting the Wigan Branch Railway Company and the Preston and Wigan Railway Company; for authorizing an Alteration to be made in the Line of the last-mentioned Railway; and for repealing, altering, and amending the Acts relating to the said Railways.

26. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from Blagdon to Hebburn, with Six Branches thereout, all within the County Palatine of Durham.

27. An Act for enabling the Dublin and Kingstown Railway Company to make an Extension of their present Line of Railway, and for altering and amending the Act for making the said Railway.

28. An Act for repairing and improving the Second District of the Road from Coleshill, through the City of Lichfield and the Town of Stone, to the End of the County of Stafford in the Road leading towards Chester, and making a new Branch thereto; and also to annex to and consolidate therewith the Turnpike Road from Rugeley, through Armitage, to Alrewas in the County of Stafford.

29. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and repairing the Road from Yarmouth Bridge, through the Hamlet of Southtown otherwise Little Yarmouth, to Gorleston in the County of Suffolk.

30. An Act for the better Maintenance, Improvement, and Repair of the Road from Livingston, by Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and the making and maintaining certain Roads connected therewith.

31. An Act for improving and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, Salop, and Denbigh.

32. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Quebec in the Parish of Leeds in the West Riding of the County of York to Homefield Lane End in the same Parish, with a Bridge or Bridges on the Line of such Road; and for making and maintaining certain Branch Roads to communicate there with.

33. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town or Borough of Bridgwater in the County of Somerset, and Suburbs of the said Town or Borough.

34. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for enabling the Alliance Marine Assurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman for the Time being, or of any other Member of the Company, and for granting certain Powers to the said Company instead thereof.

35. An Act to enable the Proprietors or Shareholders in a Company or Association styled "The United Kingdom Life Assurance Company" to sue and be sued in the Name of One of their Directors, or Secretary.

36. An Act to enable "The Suffolk and General Country Amicable Insurance Office" to sue and be sued in the Name of One of their Treasurers, or of any One of their Directors, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

37. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of King George the Third, for enabling "The West of England Fire and Life Insurance Company" to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary, and to give further Powers to the said Company.

38. An Act to incorporate the Subscribers to Saint Georges Hospital at Hyde Park Corner, and for better enabling them to carry on their charitable Designs.

39. An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading through the County of Selkirk, and for better making and repairing the said Roads, and other Roads in the said County and in the Vicinity thereof.

40. An Act to repeal an Act of the Forty-ninth Year of King George the Third, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish of Merthyr Tidfil and other Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Glamorgan, Brecon, and Monmouth.

41. An Act for extending the Time for completing the Wishaw and Coltness Railway in the County of Lanark.

42. An Act for better supplying the Borough of Dudley in the County of Worcester, and the Neighbourhood thereof, with Water.

43. An Act for improving the Port and Harbour of Aberavon in the County of Glamorgan.

44. An Act to provide for lighting the Suburbs of the City of Gloucester with Gas.

45. An Act for erecting, establishing, and maintaining a Market in the Parish of St. George the Martyr in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey.

46. An Act for building a Bridge over the Water from the Town and County of the Town of Poole to the Parish of Hamworthy in the County of Dorset, with an Approach thereto.

47. An Act for lighting, watching, cleansing, paving, and otherwise improving the Town of Chippenham in the County of Wilts.

48. An Act for preserving and maintaining the Piers and Harbour of Cromarty.

49. An Act for removing the Markets held in the Town and Borough of Monmouth in the County of Monmouth, and for providing other Market Places in lieu thereof.

50. An Act to amend Two Acts passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for building a Bridge over the River Thames at Staines in the County of Middlesex, and for making proper Approaches thereto.

51. An Act for deepening, extending, and improving the Navigation of the River Dart, from Totnes Bridge to Langham Wood Point in the County of Devon.

52. An Act for better lighting the City of Gloucester and its Suburbs with Gas, and for enlarging the Capital of the Gloucester Gas Light Company.

53. An Act for making a navigable Canal from the Bridgetcater and Taunton Canal in the Parish of Creech Saint Michael in the County of Somerset, and terminating in the Parish of Chard in the same County, with a collateral Cut therein described.

54. An Act to enable the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Company to take Water from the River Froome, and to alter and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts for making and maintaining the said Canal.

55. An Act to enable the Grand Junction Railway Company to alter and extend the Line of such Railway, and to make a Branch therefrom to Wolverhampton in the County of Stafford; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

56. An Act to enable the Hartlepool Dock and Railway Company to make a new Branch of Railway to the City of Durham; and for amending an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, relative to the Hartlepool Railway.

57. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Hartlepool Railway near to Moorsley to the Stanhope and Tyne Railroad in the Township of Usworth, all in the County of Durham.

58. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for paving, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving Grosvenor Place, and several Streets and other public Places in the Parishes of Saint George Hanover Square and Saint Luke Chelsea in the County of Middlesex.

59. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Stafford to Church Bridge, and the Road from Stafford to Uttoxeter, in the County of Stafford, and also the Road from Stafford to Newport in the County of Salop.

60. An Act for more effectually repairing certain Roads from Scaddow Gate in the Parish of Ticknall to the Burton-upon-Trent and Ashby Road, and for making new Branches of Road, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester.

61. An Act for more effectually making, amending, widening, repairing, and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the Counties of Dumbarton and Stirling.

62. An Act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Brighthelmston, and the Parishes of Hove and Preston, in the County of Sussex.

63. An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parishes of Stoke Ferry, Northwold, Wretton, Wareham, West Dereham, Roxham, Fordham, Denver, Downham Market, Wimbotsham, and Stow Bardolph in the County of Norfolk.

64. An Act for embanking, draining, and otherwise improving Lands in the Parishes of Holbeach and Gedney in the County of Lincoln.

65. An Act for establishing a general Cemetery in the Neighbourhood of the City of Dublin.

66. An Act for establishing a Market within the Town of Fishguard in the County of Pembroke.

67. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty and First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enlarging, improving, and maintaining the Port and Harbour of Perth, for improving the Navigation of the River Tay to the said City, and for other Purposes therewith connected.

68. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from Hayle in the Parish of Saint Erth in the County of Cornwall to Tresavean Mine in the Parish of Gwennap in the said County, with several Branches therefrom.

69. An Act to encourage the working of Mines and Quarries in Ireland, and to regulate a Joint Stock Company for that Purpose, to be called "The West Cork Mining Company."

70. An Act to enable the Carmarthenshire Railway or Tramroad Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to amend the Act relating to the said Company.

71. An Act to enable the Edinburgh and Dalkeith Railway Company to make a Branch from the said Railway to the Town of Dalkeith, and to extend the Leith Branch of the said Railway, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

72. An Act for making and for more effectually maintaining and repairing certain Roads in the County of Lanark, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde at Crossford in the said County.

73. An Act for more effectually repairing certain Roads from Kingsbridge to Dartmouth, and for making new Branches to and from the same, all in the County of Devon.

74. An Act for amending, varying the Tolls, and extending the Term of an Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for amending and keeping in repair the Mail Coach Road leading from Banbridge in the County of Down to Belfast in the County of Antrim.

75. An Act for making the Hamlet of Hammersmith within the Parish of Fulham in the County of Middlesex a distinct and separate Parish; and for converting the Perpetual Curacy of the Church of Saint Paul Hammersmith into a Vicarage, and for the Endowment thereof.

76. An Act for continuing certain Acts for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh and the adjoining Districts, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

77. An Act for more effectually enforcing the due Execution of the Office of Constable in the City of London and Liberties thereof.

78. An Act to alter, amend, enlarge, and extend the Powers and Provisions of several Acts for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the South London Waterworks to supply the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell and Parts of the Parish of Saint Marys Lambeth, and several other Parishes and Places in the County of Surrey, with Water; and to enable the said Company to supply the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Saint Mary Lambeth, Saint Mary Newington, Saint George the Martyr, Saint Saviour, Saint John, Saint Thomas, Saint Olave, and Christchurch, all in the said County, with Water.

79. An Act for better supplying with Water the Borough of Southwark, and Parishes and Places in the County of Surrey near thereto.

80. An Act for erecting and maintaining a new Gaol and Court House and other Offices for the Burgh of Elgin and the County of Elgin and Forres; and for erecting and maintaining a new Gaol and Court House and other Offices for the Burgh of Forres; and for other Purposes relative thereto.

81. An Act for erecting and maintaining a Gaol for the Royal Burgh of Dundee in the County of Forfar.

82. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting certain Powers to a Company called "The General Steam Navigation Company."

83. An Act for taking down and removing Old Stratford Bridge over the River Ouse in the Counties of Buckingham and Northampton, and for erecting a more commodious Bridge in lieu thereof.

84. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Erection of a Bridge across the River Shannon, and of a Floating Dock to accommodate sharp Vessels frequenting the Port of Limerick.

85. An Act for establishing a Floating Bridge over the River lichen from or near a Place called Cross House, within the Liberties of the Town of Southampton, to the opposite Shore in the County of Southampton, with proper Approaches thereto, and for making Roads to communicate therewith.

86. An Act for constructing and maintaining a new Harbour at Stotfield Point, near to and in conjunction with the old Harbour of Lossiemouth in the County of Elgin and Forres.

87. An Act to extend the Powers of the several Acts now in force for improving the Port and Harbour of Boston in the County of Lincoln.

88. An Act for making a Railway from London to Southampton.

89. An Act to continue, alter, and amend an Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for more effectually repairing and improving the Middlesex and Essex Turnpike Roads; to provide for the rebuilding of Bow Bridge in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, the improving of the several other Bridges upon the said Roads, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

90. An Act for paving, watching, lighting, regulating, and otherwise improving the Town of Kingstown in the County of Dublin.

91. An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the Stewartry or Sheriffdom of Orkney, and for more effectually making, repairing, and maintaining the High Roads and Bridges within the same.

92. An Act for amending the Proceedings and Practice of the Court of Passage of the Borough of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

93. An Act to amend and explain an Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, for establishing and maintaining the Harbour of Port Crommelin in the Bay of Cushendun in the County of Antrim.

94. An Act for making, improving, and keeping in repair the Roads leading from Barrington to Campsfield and Enslow Bridge in the County of Oxford.

95. An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving the Waterside Division of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey.

96. An Act for incorporating certain Persons for the Carriage of Goods and Commodities by means of a Railway from the City of Durham to Sunderland near the Sea, with a Branch to join the Hartlepool Railway in the Township of Haswell, all in the County of Durham.

