Local Acts passed in 1835, 5 & 6 William 4 c.1 - c.112.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1835.
---

1. An Act for the Improvement of the High Street in the Borough of Ledbury in the County of Hereford.

2. An Act for making, maintaining, and repairing a Turnpike Road from the Town of Belfast to the Town of Crumlin in the County of Antrim.

3. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Carmarthen to Newcastle Emlyn, and several other Roads, and for making and maintaining new Lines of Road, all in the County of Carmarthen.

4. An Act to enable the University Life Assurance Society and their Successors to purchase Annuities upon or for Lives, and also to lend Money or Stock upon Mortgage for the Purpose of Investment.

5. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Barking in the County of Essex.

6. An Act for better supplying with Water the Parish of Ramsgate, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Kent.

7. An Act to authorize the Sale to and Purchase by John Lord Rolle of the Rights of Persons claiming to have divers Rights on such Parts of Great Torrington and Castle Hill Commons in the County of Devon as now form Part of the Cut or Canal called the Rolle Canal.

8. An Act for incorporating the Warrington and Newton Railway with the Grand Junction Railway, and for extending to the said first-mentioned Railway the Provisions of the several Acts of Parliament relating to the said last-mentioned Railway; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

9. An Act to enable the Grand Junction Railway Company to alter the Line of such Railway, and to make Two Branches therefrom in the County of Stafford, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

10. An Act for making a Railway from Croydon to join the London and Greenwich Railway near London.

11. An Act to enlarge the Powers of the New Pembrey Harbour Act, to change the Name of the Harbour to that of Burry Port, and to enable the Burry Port Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

12. An Act for constructing and maintaining a Harbour at New Quay in the County of Cardigan.

13. An Act for making and maintaining a Pier and other Works at Deptford in the County of Kent.

14. An Act to enable the Commissioner appointed under Two Acts for draining certain Lands situated on or near the River Leven in the Counties of Kinross and Fife to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purposes of the said Acts.

15. An Act to enlarge and regulate the Market now held in the Town of Devonport in the County of Devon, and to establish a Market within the said Town for Corn, Grain, and other Articles, and to regulate the Amount of Tolls to be paid within the said Markets.

16. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Neighbourhood of Llanelly in the County of Carmarthen.

17. An Act for building a new Parish Church in the Town of Honiton in the County of Devon.

18. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating the several Parishes of Saint Margaret, Saint John the Evangelist, and Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex, and the Precinct of the Savoy, and also Part of the Liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, within the same County; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

19. An Act for repairing the Road from Little Bowden in the County of Northampton to Rockingham in the same County.

20. An Act for repairing the Road from Farnborough to Riverhill in the Parish of Sevenoaks in the County of Kent, and for making several Diversions in the said Road.

21. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from New Quay in the County of Cardigan to Aberayron in the same County.

22. An Act for improving certain Roads within the County of Hertford communicating with the City of Hereford.

23. An Act to incorporate the Avenue Road in the Parish of Saint Marylebone with the Marylebone and Finchley Turnpike Roads in the County of Middlesex.

24. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Hurstperpoint to the Brighton and Cuckfield Turnpike Road at or near Ansty Cross in the Parish of Cuckfield, all in the County of Sussex.

25. An Act for more effectually repairing the Darlington and West Auckland and the Cockerton Bridge and Staindrop Roads in the County of Durham, and for consolidating the Trusts thereof.

26. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Exeter Turnpike Road to Biddaford, and certain Roads leading from Bridgetown Pomeroy and Totnes, and other Roads communicating therewith; and for repairing Totnes Bridge, and erecting Bridges over the Stover Canal, the Rivers Teign and Lemon, and the Mill Leat; all in the County of Devon.

27. An Act for repairing and improving the Roads in the Counties of Northumberlarid, and Durham called the Ford and Lowick Turnpikes, and for making certain new Branches in the said Counties.

28. An Act for making Turnpike certain Highways between the Towns of Nantwich and Congleton in the County Palatine of Chester.

29. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Exe from the Shilhay at the City of Exeter, and for making Approaches thereto; and for removing the present Ferry across the said River, and establishing another Ferry or a Foot-bridge in lieu thereof.

30. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal Navigation and Railway, and to make a Branch Railway to Bolton.

31. An Act to authorize the Newcastle upon Tyne and Carlisle Railway Company to make an additional Branch Railway or Tramroad; and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking.

32. An Act to amend an Act for improving the Navigation of the River Cart, and for deepening and extending the Harbour of Paisley, in the County of Renfrew.

33. An Act to enable the Edinburgh Water Company to borrow a further Sum of Money.

34. An Act to consolidate and extend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Birmingham Canal Navigations.

35. An Act for making, maintaining, and repairing certain Roads near the Towns of Ashburton and Totnes in the County of Devon.

36. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from the Wellington Bridge Road in the Parish of Leeds to Tong Lane End in the Parish of Birstal, and other Roads branching therefrom, and for making and maintaining a new Road from the aforesaid Road at Swallow Hill in the Township of Wortley to Pudsey, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

37. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Sandbach to Congleton in the County Palatine of Chester, and a Branch Road communicating therewith.

38. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Mullen's Pond in the County of Southampton, through Amesbury, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of New Sarum near Willoughby Hedge in the County of Wilts, and several other Roads leading out of the said Road.

39. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Hitchin, through Shefford, to the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and also the Road from the Turning out of the said Road to Henlow and Gerford Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford.

40. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Saint Benedict's Gate in the County of the City of Norwich to Swaffham in the County of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny Bridge in Honingham to the Bounds of Yaxham, and also a Lane called Hangmans Lane, near the Gates of the said City.

41. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Duffield, through Belper, to Heage in the County of Derby, and for making a new Line of Road communicating therewith.

42. An Act to empower the Dublin Oil Gas Light Company to produce Gas from Coal, Peat, Turf, and other Materials; and to amend the Act relating to the said Company.

43. An Act to enable the Inhabitants of Grosvenor Square in the County of Middlesex more effectually to pave, cleanse, light, water, and embellish the said Square.

44. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, to consolidate and amend several Acts for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks and other Works at Blackwall for the Accommodation of East India Shipping.

45. An Act for lighting, watching, and improving the Parish of Tormoham in the County of Devon.

46. An Act for improving and regulating the Town of Aberystwyth in the County of Cardigan, and for supplying the Inhabitants thereof with Water.

47. An Act to alter and amend Three several Acts for paving, cleansing, and improving the Town of Dovor; and for making further Improvements in the said Town.

48. An Act for more effectually repairing, improving, and preserving the Harbour and Quay of Wells in the County of Norfolk.

49. An Act for improving the Haven of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, and the several Rivers connected therewith, and for repairing or taking down and rebuilding a certain Bridge over the said Haven at Great Yarmouth aforesaid, and a certain Bridge called Saint Olaves Bridge, over the River Waveney, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk; and for suspending for a limited Period certain Duties payable to the Corporation of Great Yarmouth, and imposing other Duties in lieu thereof.

50. An Act for establishing a new Market for Live Stock and Agricultural Produce, and erecting a Market House or Corn Exchange, in the City of Winchester.

51. An Act for removing the Markets held in the Town of Cardiff in the County of Glamorgan, and for providing other Market Places in lieu thereof.

52. An Act for paving, lighting, and watching the Town and Parish of Downham Market in the County of Norfolk.

53. An Act for removing the Markets held in the Town and Borough of Neath in the County of Glamorgan, and for providing a new Market Place in the said Town in lieu thereof.

54. An Act for altering, amending, and extending the Powers and Provisions of an Act of the Sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for the Regulation of Buildings in the Town of Liverpool, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned; and for granting further and additional Powers for the Improvement and Regulation of the said Town, and the Preservation of Property therein from Fires, and otherwise.

55. An Act to make and maintain a Railway from Stanrig and Arbuckle in the County of Lanark to the Union Canal at Causewayend in the County of Stirling.

56. An Act to enable the London and Birmingham Railway Company to extend and alter the Line of such Railway, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

57. An Act to enable the Leeds and Selby Railway Company to improve the Line of the said Railway; and for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of an Act relating to such Railway.

58. An Act for making a Railway from Preston to Wyre, and for improving the Harbour of Wyre, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

59. An Act for consolidating the Shares in the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation, and for extending the Powers of the Act of Incorporation of the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal.

60. An Act for providing in or near the Burgh of Cupar more extensive Accommodation for holding the Courts and Meetings of the Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, and Commissioners of Supply of the County of Fife, and for the Custody of the Records of the said County.

61. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town of Ashton-under-Lyne, and the Neighbourhood thereof, within the Parish of Ashton-under-Lyne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

62. An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and maintaining the Turnpike Roads in the County of Edinburgh.

63. An Act for improving and more effectually repairing the several Roads leading into and from the City of Worcester.

64. An Act for repairing the Roads from Sevenoaks Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, and from Tunbridge Wells to Woodsgate, in the County of Kent.

65. An Act for more effectually repairing the Launceston Turnpike Roads, and making certain additional Roads.

66. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Junction of the Odstock Road with the Downton Road near Hamham Hill, through Blandford and Dorchester, to Askerswell Hill, in the Counties of Wilts and Dorset.

67. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Newry to Charlemont, through the County of Armagh.

68. An Act for further regulating the Statute Labour and repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Edinburgh.

69. An Act for continuing the Term and amending and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts of His Majesty King George the Third, for amending certain Mileways leading to Oxford, and making Improvements in the University and City of Oxford, the Suburbs thereof, and adjoining Parish of Saint Clement; and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned.

70. An Act for making and maintaining a Bridge over the River called "The Portland Ferry," in the County of Dorset, with proper Approaches thereto.

71. An Act for amending an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for establishing a Floating Bridge over the River Itchen near the Town of Southampton, with proper Approaches thereto, and making Roads to communicate therewith.

72. An Act for lighting, watching, cleansing, regulating, and otherwise improving the Town of Tunbridge Wells in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, and for regulating the Supply of Water and establishing a Market within the said Town.

73. An Act for paving, lighting, and otherwise improving the Town of Haverfordwest, and the adjoining Townships of Prendergast and Cartlett, in the Parishes of Prendergast and Uzmaston, in the County of Pembroke.

74. An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Bridge and to the City and Port of Londonderry.

75. An Act for making and maintaining a Dock and other Works in the Port of Newport in the County of Monmouth, with a Railway and Stone Road therefrom.

76. An Act to enable the Proprietors or Shareholders in the Argus Life Assurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of any One of the Directors or of the Chairman or Secretary for the Time being of the said Company.

77. An Act for providing a Market Place and regulating the Markets in the Town and Borough of Merthyr Tidvil in the County of Glamorgan.

78. An Act for erecting and maintaining a Pier or Harbour at Gourock in the County of Renfrew.

79. An Act for the further Improvement of the Harbour of Ayr.

80. An Act for supplying the Town of Paisley in the County of Renfrew with Water.

81. An Act for the better supplying the Parish of Richmond in the County of Surrey with Water.

82. An Act for enlarging and amending the Powers and Provisions of the Acts passed for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from the Sea Shore at or near Whitstable in the County of Kent to or near to the City of Canterbury, and the Works connected therewith; and to authorize the Company of Proprietors to raise a further Sum of Money.

83. An Act for enabling John Brandling and Robert William Brandling Esquires to purchase and take Leases of Lands and Hereditaments for the Formation of a Railway from Gateshead to South Shields and Monk-Wearmouth, all in the County Palatine of Durham, with Branches therefrom.

84. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from Newtyle to Coupar Angus in the County of Forfar.

85. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway between the Town of Paisley and the South Side of the River Clyde at Renfrew Ferry, and for constructing Wharfs, Quays, or Landing Places there; all in the County of Renfrew.

86. An Act for better lighting with Gas the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds in the Borough of Leeds in the West Riding of the County of York.

87. An Act for altering the Line of Road from the Milnford of Garscube to the City of Glasgow, and improving the Roads leading therefrom into the said City.

88. An Act for improving and keeping in repair certain Roads in the Counties of Flint and Chester, and for better maintaining the Ferry over the River Dee called the Lower King's Ferry, in the said County of Flint.

89. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Side Gate on the Hinckley and Luttencorth Turnpike Road in the Parish of Burbage in the County of Lneester to the Leicester Turnpike Road in or near to the Village of Narborough in the said County.

90. An Act to explain and amend the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for making a Pier at Southend in the County of Essex.

91. An Act for better lighting with Gas the Borough of Sheffield in the West Riding of the County of York.

92. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from Newtyle to the Muir of Eassie, and from thence to the Muir of Glammiss, in the County of Forfar.

92. An Act to amend an Act relating to the Bodmin and Wadebridge Railway.

94. An Act for amending and consolidating the Acts of Parliament for the Recovery of Small Debts in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and for enabling the Goods of the Debtors to be taken in Execution.

95. An Act to amend and extend the Powers vested in the Grand Junction Waterworks Company, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

96. An Act to authorize the Llanelly Railway and Dock Company to make certain additional Railways or Tramroads, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

97. An Act for effecting an Extension of the Ballochney Railway, in the County of Lanark; and for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Seventh Year of His late Majesty, for making the said Railway.

98. An Act to amend an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually supplying with Water the City and County of the City of Exeter and Places adjacent thereto.

99. An Act to enable the Reading Waterworks Company to extend their Works; and for explaining and enlarging the Powers of the Act relating to such Company.

100. An Act for the better paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Borough of Truro in the County of Cornwall, and for forming a new Street within the same Borough.

101. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the Town of Bognor in the County of Sussex; and for amending and enlarging Two Acts of Parliament passed in the Third and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, relating to the said Town.

102. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Trent at Willington in the County of Derby.

103. An Act for repairing and otherwise improving the Roads from Oxford, over Botley Causeway, to Fifield in the County oF Berks and Witney in the County of Oxford.

104. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for more effectually repairing the Road from the Exeter Turnpike Road to Biddaford, and certain Roads leading from Bridgetown Pomeroy and Totnes, and other Roads communicating therewith, and for repairing Totnes Bridge, and erecting Bridges over the Stover Canal, the Rivers Teign and Lemon, and the Mill Leat, all in the County of Devon.

105. An Act for more effectually repairing certain Roads leading to and from Bodmin, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Cornwall, and for making and maintaining certain new Roads communicating therewith.

106. An Act for the Improvement of the Registrar's Office and other Offices of the Court of Chancery.

107. An Act for making a Railway from Bristol to join the London and Birmingham Railway near London, to be called "The Great Western Railway," with Branches therefrom to the Towns of Bradford and Trowbridge in the County of Wilts.

108. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for lighting, watching, and improving the Parish of Tormoham, in the County of Devon.

109. An Act to improve and maintain the Port Dundas Road, and to make and maintain another Road, in the County of Lanark.

110. An Act for incorporating and granting certain Powers to the North American Colonial Association of Ireland.

111. An Act for establishing a Market for the Sale of Cattle in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington in the County of Middlesex.

112. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Second and Third Years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Railway from the Cave Hill to the Harbour of Belfast in the County of Antrim.

