Local Acts passed in 1836, 6 & 7 William 4 c.1 - c.138.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1836.
---

1. An Act for better lighting with Gas the Borough of Reading and Hamlet of Whitley in the County of Berks, by a Company to be called The Reading Union Gas Company.

2. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Farnborough to Riverhill, in the Parish of Sevenoaks in the County of Kent; and for making a new Line of Road to communicate therewith.

3. An Act for removing the Markets held in the Town or Village of Bridgend in the County of Glamorgan, and for providing other Market Places in lieu thereof, and for regulating and maintaining the same.

4. An Act to establish a Company for more effectually lighting with Gas the City and County of the City of Exeter, wad certain Parishes and Places in the County of Devon.

5. An Act for the better supplying the Borough of Reading in the County of Berks, and the Neighbourhood thereof, with Gas.

6. An Act for extending the Time for building a Bridge over the River Avon from Clifton in the County of Gloucester to the opposite Side of the River in the County of Somerset.

7. An Act to incorporate the Subscribers to the Middlesex Hospital, and for better enabling them to carry on their charitable Designs.

8. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Rochdale in the County Palatine of Lancaster to Halifax and Ealand in the West Riding of the County of York.

9. An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham in the County of Buckingham to the West Chester or Holyhead Road in the Parish of Passenham in the County of Northampton, and from the North-east End of the Town of Stony Stratford to Newport Pagnell in the said County of Buckingham.

10. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road and Branches leading from Radcliffe towards Bolton and Bury, all in the County of Lancaster.

11. An Act for erecting a County Hall and Courts of Justice, and for providing Accommodation for His Majesty's Justices of Assize, for the Eastern Part of the County of Suffolk.

12. An Act for building new Courts of Assize at Bodmin for the County of Cornwall, and for providing Judges Lodgings, and other Purposes connected therewith.

13. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Prestbury Division of the Hundred of Macclesfield in the County of Chester.

14. An Act for making a Railway from Birmingham to Gloucester, with a Branch therefrom.

15. An Act to enable the Bristol and Clifton Oil Gas Company to produce Gas from Coal and other Materials; and to amend the Act relating to the said Company.

16. An Act to enlarge the Powers of several Acts for effecting Improvements in the Streets and other Places within the Town of Manchester.

17. An Act for making a Turnpike Road from Richmond to Reeth in the County of York.

18. An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making and for more effectually maintaining and repairing certain Roads in the County of Lanark, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde at Crossford in the said County.

19. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Saint Leonards and Saint Mary Magdalen to the Royal Oak Inn at Whatlington, and through Sedlescombe to Cripp's Corner in the Parish of Ewhurst, in the County of Sussex.

20. An Act to incorporate the Governors of the Westminster Hospital at the Broad Sanctuary, Westminster, and for conferring Powers the better to enable them to carry on their charitable Designs.

21. An Act to enable the Proprietors or Shareholders of the Family Endowment Society to sue and be sued in the Name of any One of the Directors or of the Chairman or Secretary for the Time being of the said Society.

22. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the First and Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better raising and securing the Fund established for making Provision for the Widows of the Writers to His Majesty's Signet in Scotland.

23. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of Leicester in the County of Leicester.

24. An Act for erecting and maintaining a Justiciary Court Hall and other Apartments for the Use of the Justiciary Court at Glasgow, and also Public Offices for the City of Glasgow and the Lower Ward of the County of Lanark; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

25. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of Crediton in the County of Devon.

26. An Act to enable John Howard Kyan to assign to a Company certain Letters Patent.

27. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act for lighting with Gas the City and County of the City of Exeter, and for lighting with Gas the several Parishes of Alphington, Heavitree, Saint Leonard, Saint Thomas the Apostle, and Topsham, in the County of Devon.

28. An Act for lighting with Gas the Towns of New Mills and Hayfield, and the Neighbourhoods thereof, in the County of Derby.

29. An Act for making and maintaining a Dock or Docks at Southampton.

30. An Act to enable the Wearmouth Dock Company to make and maintain a proper and convenient Entrance into the Wearmouth Dock at the Port of Sunderland in the County Palatine of Durham.

31. An Act to enlarge the Powers of the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the Saint Katharine Docks in the County of Middlesex.

32. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Royal Burgh of Dundee in the County of Forfar to the Royal Burgh of Arbroath in the same County.

33. An Act for making a Railway from the Town of Belfast to the City of Armagh in the Province of Ulster in Ireland.

34. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway between the Royal Burgh of Arbroath in the County of Forfar and the Royal Burgh of Forfar in the same County.

35. An Act for making a Railway from the London and Birmingham Railway near Birmingham, to Derby, to be called "The Birmingham and Derby Junction Railway," with a Branch.

xxxri. An Act for making a Railway from Bristol to Exeter, with Branches to the Towns of Bridgwater in the County of Somerset and Tiverton in the County of Devon.

37. An Act for making a Railway from Aylesbury to join the London and Birmingham Railway near the Village of Cheddington in the County of Buckingham.

38. An Act to alter the Line of the Great Western Railway, and to amend the Act relating thereto.

39. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Aire at Leeds, and for making convenient Roads, Avenues, and Approaches thereto.

40. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts for building a Bridge over the River Thames at Henley-upon-Thames in the County of Oxford.

41. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the Harbour of Aberystwyth in the County of Cardigan.

42. An Act for improving, maintaining, and regulating the Harbour of Teignmouth and the Navigation of the River Teign in the County of Devon.

43. An Act for improving, enlarging, and extending the Forth and Clyde Navigation, and certain Harbours and Works belonging thereto and connected therewith; and for making and maintaining Two Branch Cuts or Canals from the said Navigation.

44. An Act to enable the British Alkali Company to sue and be sued in the Name of the Secretary or of any One Member for the Time being of the said Company.

45. An Act for establishing a General Cemetery in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham.

46. An Act for making and maintaining as Turnpike a Road leading from the Flimwell to Hastings Turnpike Road at or near Beauport in the Parish of Hollington to Hastings in the County of Sussex.

47. An Act for repairing and improving certain Roads in and leading to and from the Town and County of the Town of Poole, and for making certain new Lines of Road in the said Town and County, and leading thence towards Wareham and Blandford in the County of Dorset.

48. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Totnes Road at Lady Down in the Parish of Ugborough to within Four hundred Yards of the Bridge over the Lary, and for repairing the Road communicating therewith from Hollowcombe Cross to the Town of Modbury and Dark Lane, all in the County of Devon.

49. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Harlow Bush Common to and into the Parish of Woodford, and the Road from Epping to Writtle, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Essex.

50. An Act for the more effectually repairing, improving, and maintaining the Road from the Town of Ashford to the Town of Maidstone in the County of Kent. Page 79S

51. An Act to make and maintain a Canal in the County of Dumbarton from the Forth and Clyde Canal to the River of Clyde, opposite to the River of Cart.

52. An Act to amend and enlarge the several Acts relating to the Bolton and Leigh Railway, and for other Purposes.

53. An Act for repairing and improving the Road from Wakefield to Sheffield in the County of York.

54. An Act for enabling the Universal Life Assurance Society to sue and be sued in the Name of the Actuary for the Time being or of any One of the Directors of the said Society.

55. An Act for granting further Powers to a Company called "The Imperial Continental Gas Association."

56. An Act to amend an Act to enable the Birmingham Coal Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary or One of the Members of the said Company; and to authorize the said Company to borrow a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes relating to the said Company.

57. An Act for incorporating certain Persons for carrying into effect the Purposes of an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling John Brandling and Robert William Brandling Esquires to purchase and take Leases of Lands and Hereditaments for the Formation of a Railway from Gateshead to South Shields and Monkwearmouth, all in the County Palatine of Durham, with Branches therefrom; and for other Purposes.

58. An Act for better supplying with Water the Township of Dukinfield in the County Palatine of Chester.

59. An Act for better paving, lighting, watching, and improving the Town of Teignmouth in the County of Devon, and for supplying the Inhabitants thereof with Water.

60. An Act to enable the Carlisle Canal Company to make a Dock or Docks at Port Carlisle otherwise Fishers Cross, and for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the Act for making and maintaining the said Canal.

61. An Act to alter, amend, and extend the Powers of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for more effectually maintaining, improving, and extending the Harbour of Dundee in the County of Forfar.

62. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Eastern End of the Borough of Grampound, through the Towns of Saint Austell and Lostwithiel, and thence to the East End of the Western Taphouse Lane, in the County of Cornwall; and for making and maintaining certain new Roads communicating therewith.

63. An Act for making a Railway from the London and Greenwich Railway to the Deptford Pier, to be called "The Deptford Pier Junction Railway."

64. An Act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Bristol to raise a Sum of Money towards discharging the Monies borrowed under the Authority of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

65. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act pawed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Preservation and Increase of the Breed of Salmon, and for better regulating the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the scanty and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River.

66. An Act for regulating, preserving, and improving the Port or Harbour of Newport in the County of Monmouth.

67. An Act for better supplying with Water the City of Gloucester and Parishes and Places in the County of Gloucester near thereto.

68. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for incorporating the Hungerford Market Company.

69. An Act to enable Charles Herbert Earl Manners to endow the Chapelry of Perlethorpe in the Parish of Edwinstowe in the County of Nottingham, to create the same a separate Benefice, and to vest the Nomination of the Incumbents thereof in the said Earl and his Heirs.

70. An Act to provide for the better Regulation of certain Common Pastures within the Borough of Beverley in the East Riding of the County of York.

71. An Act to extend the Time limited by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth for the Improvement of the Newry Navigation.

72. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts for making and maintaining the Ulster Canal in the Comities of Fermanagh, Monaghan, and Armagh in Ireland.

73. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital to improve a certain Street called King Street, in the Parish of Greenwich in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes.

74. An Act for improving the Approach to the Town of Newton Abbot from the City of Exeter, through the Village of Kingsteignton, in the County of Devon.

75. An Act for making a Railway from the London and Croydon Railway to Dover, to be called "The Southeastern Railway."

76. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne in the County of the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to North Shields in the County of Northumberland, with a Branch thereout in the County of Northumberland.

77. An Act for making a Railway from Cheltenham and from Gloucester, to join the Great Western Railway near Swindon, to be called "The Cheltenham and Great Western Union Railway," with a Branch to Cirencester.

78. An Act for making a Railway, with Branches, commencing at the London and Birmingham Railway in the Parish of Rugby in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the Towns of Leicester, Nottingham, and Derby, to be called "The Midland Counties Railway."

79. An Act for making a Railway from the Basin of the Kensington Canal at Kensington to join the London and Birmingham and Great Western Railways at or near Holsden Green in the County of Middlesex, and to be called "The Birmingham, Bristol, and Themes Junction Railway."

80. An Act for making a Railway from Kingston-upon-Hull to Selby.

81. An Act for making a Railway from the City of York to and into the Township of Altofts, with various Branches of Railway, all in the West Riding of the County of York or County of the said City.

82. An Act for making a Railway from Merthyr Tydfil to Cardiff, to be called "The Taff Vale Railway," with Branches.

83. An Act for more effectually improving and maintaining the Turnpike Road leading from the Cow-Cawsey near the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to the Town of Belford, and from thence to Buckton Burn, in the County of Northumberland.

84. An Act to amend an Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for more effectually repairing and improving the several Roads leading to and from the Towns of Newton Bushell, South Bovey, and Moretonhampstead in the County of Devon.

85. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, for diverting, improving, and maintaining the Roads between the Towns of Birstal and Huddersfield in the West Riding of the County of York.

86. An Act for more effectually maintaining the Road from Teignmouth to Dawlish, and for making Roads from Dawlish to the Exeter Turnpike Roads, and certain Branches communicating with the same, all in the County of Devon; and to make and maintain other Roads communicating with the said Roads.

87. An Act to vary and alter the Line of the Marlborough and Salisbury Road, and for making a Road from the same to Amesbury in the County of Wilts.

88. An Act for authorizing the Trustees on the Bridges over the Clyde at Glasgow to continue, uphold, repair, and maintain the Wooden Bridge over the said River opposite to Portland Street of Laurieston; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

89. An Act for altering and extending the Powers of the Trustees upon the Road from Livingston by Shotts to the City of Glasgow, and placing under their Charge the Bridge across the River of Clyde called Hamilton Bridge, and the Avenues thereto, and the Road between the East and the West Ends of the Town of Hamilton.

90. An Act for improving and maintaining the Navigation of the River Suir, and for making and constructing a Ship Canal at Carrick on Suir.

91. An Act for lighting with Gas and supplying with Water the Town of Tolcross and Places adjacent in the County of Lanark.

92. An Act for altering and amending several Acts passed for improving the Outfall of the River Nene and the Drainage of the Lands discharging their Waters into the Wisbech River.

93. An Act for extending and improving the Maintenance of the Fire Police in the Borough of Liverpool.

94. An Act for enlarging the Embankment of a Reservoir in the Valley of Wessenden in the Township of Marsden and Parish of Almondbury in the West Riding of the County of York, and for other Purposes.

95. An Act for providing a more abundant and regular Supply of Water in the River called the Upper Bann, in Ireland.

96. An Act for maintaining the Public Conduits and other Waterworks belonging to the Town of Southampton, and for providing an additional Supply of Water for the Inhabitants of the said Town and Neighbourhood.

97. An Act for incorporating a Company for the Improvement of Waste Lands in Ireland.

98. An Act to alter and amend an Act of His present Majesty, for improving the Port and Harbour of Aberavon in the County of Glamorgan, to further improve the said Harbour, and to change its Name.

99. An Act to enable the Proprietors or Shareholders of a Company called "The Bank of British North America" to sue and be sued in the Name of any One of the Directors or of the Secretary for the Time being of the said Company.

100. An Act to authorize the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company to apply a Portion of certain Monies already subscribed in fulfilment of their Contracts for building Six additional Steam Vessels, and to legalize such Subscription.

101. An Act for improving the Navigation of a Portion of the River Parrett, and for making a Navigable Canal from the said River to Barrington, all in the County of Somerset.

102. An Act to amend the Acts for making a Railway from Dundee to Newtyle in the County of Forfar.

103. An Act for making a Railway to form a Communication between London and Cambridge, with a view to its being extended hereafter to the Northern and Eastern Counties of England.

104. An Act for making a Railway to join the London and Birmingham Railway at or near the Regent's Canal in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex, and proceed from thence to Skinner Street in the City of London, to be called "The London Grand Junction Railway."

105. An Act for making a Railway from near the River Tyne to or near the River Tees, to be called "The Great North of England Railway," in the County of Durham.

106. An Act for making a Railway from London to Norwich and Yarmouth, by Romford, Chelmsford, Colchester, and Ipswich, to be called "The Eastern Counties Railway."

107. An Act for making a Railway from Leeds to Derby, to be called "The North Midland Railway."

108. An Act for making a Railway from or near Romford in the County of Essex to Shell Haven in the same County, and for constructing a Tide Dock at the Termination of the said Railway at Shell Haven aforesaid.

109. An Act for making a Railway from Sheffield to Rotherham, with a Branch therefrom to Greashrough Canal, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

110. An Act to enable the Hayle Railway Company to make certain Alterations in the Lines of such Railway, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

111. An Act for making a Railway from Manchester to Leeds.

112. An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of an Act for making and maintaining a Pier or Jetty and other Works at Herne Bay in the Parish of Herne in the County of Kent; and for giving additional Powers to the Herne Bay Pier Company.

113. An Act for making and maintaining a Harbour and other Works at Sidmouth in the County of Devon.

114. An Act to extend the Time limited by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for improving the Navigation and Harbour of Tralee in the County of Kerry.

115. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal to connect the Rochdale Canal and the River Irwell in the Township of Manchester in the County of Lancaster.

116. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for erecting a Bridge over the River Dungleddau, within the Town and County of Haverfordwest and the Liberties thereof.

117. An Act for regulating and improving the Town of Galway in the County of the same Town.

118. An Act for repairing, maintaining, and improving the Road from Dewsbury to Ealand in the West Riding of the County of York.

119. An Act to enable the Liverpool Fire and Life Insurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman, Deputy Chairman, or of any One of the Directors of the said Company; and for other Purposes.

120. An Act for the Amendment of Three several Acts passed in the Sixth, Tenth, and Forty-seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty George the Third, for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokesley otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Lessness, in the County of Kent, and within the Hundred of Wallington in the County of Surrey; and to extend the Powers thereof.

121. An Act to enable the London and Croydon Railway Company to provide a Station and other Works in the Parish of Saint Olave in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey; and to amend the Act relating to the said Railway.

122. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from Preston to Longridge in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

123. An Act for making a Railway from the Minories to Blackwall, with Branches, to be called "The Commercial Railway."

124. An Act for making and maintaining a Harbour and Breakwaters at Tremoutha Haven in the County of Cornwall; and for making and maintaining a Railway from thence to the Town of Launceston in the same County.

125. An Act to amend an Act for more effectually maintaining and improving the Harbour of Dover in the County of Kent.

126. An Act to alter and amend several Acts for the Improvement of the Harbour of Swansea in the County of Glamorgan, and for further improving the said Harbour.

127. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for improving and maintaining the Navigation of the River Suir, and for making and constructing a Ship Canal at Carrick on Suir.

128. An Act for making and maintaining a Pier Wharf and other Works at Greenwich in the County of Kent.

129. An Act for establishing a Cemetery for the Interment of the Dead, Southward of the Metropolis, to be called "The South Metropolitan Cemetery."

130. An Act for establishing a Joint Stock Company for the Prosecution and Extension of the Fisheries off the Shores of Ireland, and for the Improvement of the Sea Coasts in Connexion with such Fisheries.

131. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Railways from the City of Edinburgh to Leith, and to the Shore of the Frith of Forth at or near to Newhaven and Trinity, all in the County of Edinburgh.

132. An Act for making a Railway from Dublin to Drogheda.

133. An Act for building a Foot Bridge over the River Thames from Hungerford Market in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields in the County of Middlesex to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Lambeth in the County of Surrey, and for making suitable Approaches thereto.

134. An Act for erecting and maintaining a Bridge across the River Thames from Church Street in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County of Surrey to the opposite Bank of the said River near Market Street in the Parish of Saint John the Evangelist within the City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex.

135. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the Proceedings and Practice of the Court of Passage of the Borough of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to repeal an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the. Second, intituled An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and Port of Liverpool and Liberties thereof in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to give further Power for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of Liverpool.

135. An Act for establishing Cemeteries for the Interment of the Dead, Northward, Southward, and Eastward of the Metropolis, by a Company to be called "The London Cemetery Company."

137. An Act to repeal Two Acts of the Reign of King George the Second, for the Recovery of Small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and for granting more effectual Powers for that Purpose.

138. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Anniesland Toll Bar to Saint George's Road, and Branch Roads therewith connected, all in the County of Lanark.

