Local Acts passed in 1837, 7 William 4 & 1 Victoria, c.1 - c.144.
From Butterworth's The Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1837.
---

1. An act to enable the Corporation of Leicester to apply the Proceeds of their Real Estates in payment of Money borrowed for the Purchase and Enlargement of the Gaol and House of Correction for the Borough of Leicester.

2. An act for maintaining the Causeway and Turnpike Road from Griggs Quay in the Parish of Uly Lelant, over Hayle River and Sands, and through Hayle Foundry, in the County of Cornwall, and for extending the said Turnpike Road from the Western End of the said Causeway towards Penzance.

3. An act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, for erecting a County Hall and Courts of Justice, and also for providing Accommodation for His Majesty's Justices of Assize in and for the County of Worcester.

4. An act for lighting with Gas the Town of Runcorn otherwise called Higher Runcorn and Lower Runcorn, and also the Township or Chapelry of Holton, both in the Parish of Runcorn in the County of Chester.

5. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road along the South Side of the River Dee in the County of Kincardine.

6. An act for repairing, maintaining, and improving the Road from the Town of Rochdale to near Hand Bridge near the Town of Burnley, and other Roads communicating therewith, and for making and maintaining other Roads also to communicate therewith, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

7. An act to extend the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of Leicester, to several other Towns, Parishes, and Places in the County of Leicester.

8. An act for more easy and speedy recovering Small Debts within the Parish of Hinckley and other Places therein mentioned in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick.

9. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Loughborough, and other Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham.

10. An act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and improving the Town of Whitby in the North Riding of the County of York.

11. An act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Bridge-water and Taunton Canal Navigation to continue the Line of the Canal below the Town of Bridgewater, and for varying the Powers of the several Acts relative to the said Canal.

12. An act to enable "The Licensed Victuallers and General Fire and Life Assurance Company" to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman, Deputy Chairman, or of any One of the Directors of the said Company, and for other Purposes.

13. An act for forming and regulating a Company to be called "The Patent Dry Gas Meter Company," and to enable the said Company to purchase certain Letters Patent.

14. An act for making and maintaining certain Roads in the County of Aberdeen.

15. An act to enable the Duke of Buccleuch and Queensberry to make and maintain a Pier at Granton in the Parish of Cramond, and a Road therefrom to join the Road leading from Leith to Queensferry in the County of Edinburgh.

16. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road between Gateshead and Hexham, near Lobley Hill in the County of Durham, to Burtryford in the Parish of Stanhope in the same County, together with several Branches therefrom.

17. An act for amending an Act of His present Majesty for repairing the Roads from Sevenoaks Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, and from Tunbridge Wells to Woodsgate, in the County of Kent.

18. An act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving the Town of Cardiff in the County of Glamorgan.

19. An act for better lighting with Gas the Town of Cardiff in the County of Glamorgan.

20. An act for better supplying with Water the Town and Borough of Stamford, and Places adjacent thereto, in the Counties of Northampton and Lincoln.

21. An act for making a Railway from Sheffield in the West Riding of the County of York to Manchester in the County of Lancaster.

22. An act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Town of Lancaster to the Town of Preston in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

23. An act to enable the North Midland Railway Company to alter the Line of the said Railway, and also to make Two Branches to communicate with the same.

24. An act for enabling the Manchester and Leeds Railway Company to vary the Line of such Railway, and for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provision of the Act relating thereto.

25. An act to enlarge and amend the Powers and Provisions of an Act relating to the Whitby and Pickering Railway in the North Riding of the County of York.

26. An act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making a Railway from Birmingham to Gloucester, to extend the Line of the said Railway, and to make Branches therefrom to the City of Worcester and the Town of Tewkesbury.

27. An act for enabling the Liverpool and Manchester Railway Company to raise more Money, and for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the said Railway.

28. An act to alter the Line of the Preston and Wyre Railway, and to amend the Act relating thereto.

29. An act for making and maintaining a Dock or Docks at Wyre in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

30. An act for establishing a Company for the Purpose of laying out and maintaining an ornamental Park within the Townships of Rusholme, Chorlton-upon-Medlock, and Moss-side, in the County of Lancaster.

31. An act for building a Bridge over the River Thames from Streatley in the County of Berks to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Goring in the County of Oxford, and for making convenient Approaches thereto.

32. An act for continuing, altering, and amending certain Acts for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh and the adjoining Districts, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

33. An act for widening and improving the Road from Halifax to Sheffield in the West Riding of the County of York, so far as relates to the Third District of the said Road; and for diverting the said District of Road, and making a new Line of Road therefrom.

34. An act for improving and maintaining the Road from Dryclough, through Shaw, New Hey, and Milnrow, to Rochdale, and other Roads in the County of Lancaster.

35. An act for more effectually repairing, improving, and maintaining certain Roads leading to and from the Town of Llanrwst in the County of Denbigh.

36. An act for repairing, maintaining, and improving the Line of the Road from Leeds to Otley in the West Riding of the County of York.

37. An act for making and maintaining a Road from the Road leading from Glasgow to Carntyne, called Duke Street, to the East End of Blackfriars Street or Regent Street in the said City of Glasgow.

38. An act for better maintaining the Road from Gillow Hollow in the Parish of Biddulph in the County of Stafford to the Congleton and Leek Turnpike Road at Park Lane in the Township of Congleton in the County of Chester, with the Road therefrom at Lick Lane in the said Parish of Biddulph.

39. An act for further and more effectually repairing, amending, and maintaining certain Roads in the County of Roxburgh, and other Roads connected therewith, leading into the Counties of Berwick, Northumberland, and Durham.

40. An act for more effectually improving the several Roads from Newcastle-under-Lyme to Darlaston Bridge, Butt Lane, and Linley Lane, and through Trent Vale and Stoke-upon-Trent to Shelton Wharf, all in the County of Stafford.

41. An act for maintaining, repairing, and amending Turnpike Roads from the Town of Antrim in the County of Antrim towards Coleraine in the County of Londonderry.

42. An act for maintaining, repairing, and amending a Turnpike Road from Belfast to Lisburne by Malone and by the Falls, and Two Turnpike Roads leading from the Falls Road by Dundrod and Castlerobin respectively to Crumlin, in the County of Antrim.

43. An act for more effectually amending the Roads from Manchester in the County of Lancaster through Oldham to Austerlands in the County of York, and from Oldham to Ashton-under-Lyne, and from Oldham to Rochdale, and other Roads, and for making and maintaining new Lines to communicate therewith, all in the said County of Lancaster.

44. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Butterhouse Green in the County of Chester to Thorneley Lane End in the County of Lancaster.

45. An act for amending Two several Acts, of the Seventh and Tenth Years of His Tate Majesty King George the Fourth, for repairing the Road from Ashborne in the County of Derby to Leek in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate upon Rushton Common to Congleton in the County of Chester.

46. An act for repairing and maintaining the Road leading from Elland Bridge in the Parish of Halifax into the Dewsbury and Elland Turnpike Road near the Obelisk in the Parish of Dewsbury, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

47. An act to enable the Managers of the Sun Life Assurance Society to appropriate any Part of the Profits thereof for the Benefit of any Persons who have already effected or may hereafter effect Policies of Assurance with the said Society.

48. An act to continue for a limited Term of Years the Acts relating to the Police of the City of Glasgow; to vest the Management of the Statute Labour Conversion Money of the said City in the Board of Police thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

49. An act to continue for a limited Term of Years the Police Act for the Barony of Gorbals in the County of Lanark, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

50. An act to enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making a Railway from London to Greenwich.

51. An act for constructing a Harbour, Dock or Docks, Piers, and other Works at Trinity in the Parish of North Leith and County of Edinburgh.

52. An act for better supplying with Water the Town and Borough of Swansea in the County of Glamorgan.

53. An act for making a Canal from the Stourbridge Navigation near Brockmoor in the Parish of Kingswinford in the County of Stafford to the Oak Farm Colliery, with a Branch to the Standhills, both in the said Parish of Kingswinford and County of Stafford.

54. An act for making and maintaining certain Reservoirs in the several Townships of Holme, Cartworth, Austonley, Upper-thong, Wooldale, and Hepworth, in the several Parishes of Kirkburton and Almondbury, in the West Riding of the County of York.

55. An act for better supplying with Water the Town of Wakefield and the Neighbourhood thereof in the West Riding of the County of York.

56. An act to alter and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Pier Wharf and other Works at Greenwich in the County of Kent; and to extend the Powers of the said Act.

57. An act for more effectually draining of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Honor, Manor, and Parish of Wormegay in the County of Norfolk, and other Lands and Grounds which arc now drained by means of or through a certain Drain called "Polver Drain" in the said County.

58. An act for removing the Markets held in the City of Worcester in the County of Worcester for the Sale of Cattle, Horses, Sheep, and Pigs, and for providing another Market Place in lieu thereof, and for providing for the better and more effectual draining the said City.

59. An act to alter and amend an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for opening certain Streets in the Burgh of Dundee, and for otherwise improving the said Burgh.

60. An act for building a Bridge over the River Tweed at or near to Mertoun Mill in the County of Berwick, and for making Avenues and Approaches thereto.

60. An act for the uniform Valuation of Lands and Tenements in the County of Waterford in Ireland, for the Purpose of levying the County Rates therein.

62. An act for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Southern Division of the Hundred of Roborough and within the Hundred of Plympton in the County of Devon, and within the Southern Division of the Hundred of East in the County of Cornwall.

63. An act for making a Railway from the City of Chester to join "The Grand Junction Railway" near Crewe Hall in the County of Chester, to be called "The Chester and Crewe Railway."

64. An act to amend the Acts relating to the London and Birmingham Railway.

65. An act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament for making a Railway from the London and Birmingham Railway near Birmingham to Derby, to be called the Birmingham and Derby Junction Railway, with a Branch.

66. An act to enable the Leicester and Swannington Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

67. An act to enable the Durham and Sunderland Railway Company to alter a Part of the Main Line of their Railway, to abandon another Part thereof, to make other Branches therefrom; and to amend and enlarge the Powers of the Act for incorporating the said Company.

68. An act to alter the Line of the York and North Midland Railway, and to amend the Act relating thereto.

69. An act for making a Railway from Manchester to join the Grand Junction Railway in the Parish of Chebsey in the County of Stafford, to be called "The Manchester and Birmingham Railway," with certain Branches therefrom.

70. An act to enable the Taff Vale Railway Company to alter the Line of the said Railway and the Act relating thereto, and to make additional Branches.

71. An act to alter the Line of the London and Southampton Railway, and to amend the Act relating thereto.

72. An act for regulating and improving the Borough of Newcastle upon Tyne.

73. An act to amend the several Acts for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of Ipswich in the County of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein.

74. An act to amend an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for improving and rendering more commodious the Port of Ipswich, and for constructing a Wet Dock there.

75. An act for improving, enlarging, and maintaining the Pier, Harbour, and Market of Brixham in the County of Devon, and for the Formation of a Breakwater in Torbay.

76. An act for the Formation of a new Cut or Channel, and for otherwise more effectually improving the Port and Harbour of Belfast.

77. An act for forming a Harbour in the Parish of Workworth in the County of Northumberland, by improving the Navigation of the River Coquet, and for rendering the same safe and commodious, and easy of Access.

78. An act for amending an Act of the Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, and for granting further Rates and Powers for improving the Port of Hartlepool in the County of Durham.

79. An act for making and maintaining Reservoirs upon the tributary Streams of the River Etherow otherwise the Mersey in the Parish of Glossop in the County of Derby, for more effectually and regularly supplying with Water the Mills, Manufactories, and Works on the said tributary Streams and River.

80. An act to amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts relating to the Ellesmere and Chester Canal.

81. An act to raise and apply Funds for the future Maintenance and Repair of the Banks of the River Ouze between Denver Sluice and the Eau Brink Cut in the County of Norfolk.

82. An act for better supplying with Water the Town and Neighbourhood of Barnsley in the West Riding of the County of York.

83. An act for the better supplying with Water the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds in the West Riding of the County of York.

84. An act for granting more effectual Powers for the Regulation of the Court of Conscience within the City of Bristol.

85. An act for removing and preventing Encroachments within the City and County of Bristol, and for better regulating the Shipping, Rivers, Wharfs, Backs, and Quays, and the Markets within the same; and for other Purposes.

86. An act for the better assessing and collecting certain Parochial and other Rates within the City and County of Bristol.

87. An act to enable the Shropshire and North Wales Assurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of the Managing Director for the Time being, or of any One of the general or local Directors of the said Company.

88. An act for amending and enlarging the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to encourage the working of Mines and Quarries in Ireland, and to regulate a Joint Stock Company for that Purpose, to be called "The West Cork Mining Company."

89. An act to enable Edward Joshua Cooper Esquire to establish and protect a Salmon Fishery upon the Lakes and Rivers of Owenmore and Arrow, and also within the Bay of Ballisodare, in the County of Sligo in Ireland.

90. An act for draining, inclosing, dividing, and allotting, certain Lands in the Parish of Over in the County of Cambridge.

91. An act to alter the Line of the Great Western Railway, and to amend the Acts relating thereto.

92. An act to enable the Great Western Railway Company to extend the Line of such Railway, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

93. An act to alter and extend the Line of the South-eastern Railway, and to amend the Act relating thereto.

94. An act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act for making the Slamannan Railway, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, and to enable the Slamannan Railway Company to make and maintain a Branch to Bathgate in the County of Linlithgow.

95. An act for making and maintaining a Railway to connect the Great North of England, Clarence, and Hartlepool Railways, in the County of Durham.

96. An act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Town of Dundalk in the County of Louth to the Town of Ballybay in the County of Monaghan.

97. An act to authorize the Durham Junction Railway Company to make a Branch Railway from the Durham Junction Railway, to be called "The Houghton-le-Spring Branch."

98. An act for altering, amending, improving, and extending the Provisions of certain Acts of Parliament relating to the Town of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

99. An act for improving the Harbour of the Burgh of Montrose in the County of Forfar.

100. An act for further extending the Time for completing the Wishaw and Coltness Railway in the County of Lanark.

101. An act for making a Railway from the Town and Port of Maryport to the Borough of Carlisle, to be called "The Maryport and Carlisle Railway."

102. An act to enable "The Great North of England Railway Company" to extend the Line of their Railway, and to make Two Branches therefrom; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

103. An act to alter, amend, explain, and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts for making and maintaining the Clarence Railway.

104. An act for making and maintaining a Railway from the City of Dublin to the City of Kilkenny, to be called the Great Leinster and Munster Railway.

105. An act to enable the Kilmarnock and Troon Railway Company to raise a farther Sum of Money; to alter and amend the Line of the said Railway; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

106. An act to alter the Line of the Dublin and Drogheda Railway, and to amend the Act relating thereto.

107. An act for making a Railway from the City of Chester to Birkenhead.

108. An act for making a Railway from the City of Cork to the Town of Passage.

109. An act for the better paving, lighting, watching, and cleansing the Burgh of Dundee, and for maintaining and regulating the Police of the same and Places adjacent, and other Purposes relating thereto.

110. An act for improving the Piers and Harbour of Bridlington in the East Riding of the County of York, and for rendering the same more safe and commodious as a Harbour of Refuge.

111. An act to make and maintain a Canal from the Forth and Clyde Canal in the County of Lanark to Campsie Alum Works in the County of Stirling.

112. An act for enabling the Directors of the Manchester Gas Works to purchase Land, Buildings, and Apparatus for the Extension of their Works.

113. An act to increase the Tonnage Rates and Duties granted by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for improving the Outfall of the River Welland in the County of Lincoln; and to alter and enlarge the Powers of the said Act.

114. An act to alter and amend an Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for erecting, establishing, and maintaining a Market in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr in the Borough of Southwark.

115. An act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Liverpool to open and widen certain Streets and Places in the Town of Liverpool, and otherwise to improve the same; and to enable the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses to appropriate Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments for Public Purposes, and also to erect Public Buildings.

116. An act for making and maintaining a Railway from Glasgow to Greenock by Paisley and Port Glasgow, to be called "The Glasgow, Paisley, and Greenock Railway."

117. An act for making a Railway from Glasgow to Paisley and Ayr, and from a Point on the said Railway near Blairland to Kilmarnock, to be called "The Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock, and Ayr Railway," with Branches.

118. An act to continue, for certain Purposes, the Powers of Two Acts for making and maintaining the Polloc and Govan Railway.

119. An act for making a Railway from the London and Croydon Railway to Brighton, with Branches to Shoreham, Newhaven, and Lewes.

120. An act to enable the London and Greenwich Railway Company to take certain Tolls for Passengers, Cattle, and Carriages crossing the River Ravensborne, in pursuance of an Agreement entered into with "The Deptford Creek Bridge Company."

121. An act for making a Railway from Bolton le Moors to Preston in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

122. An act for incorporating certain Persons for the making and maintaining a Railway from near the Black Boy Branch of the Stockton and Darlington Railway in the Township of Saint Andrew Auckland to or near to Witton Park Colliery, with a Branch therefrom, all in the County of Durham, to be called "The Bishop Auckland and Weardale Railway."

123. An act for making Wet Docks and other Works on the South Side of the River Thames, at or near Rotherhithe and Deptford in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, to be called "The Grand Collier Docks."

124. An act for improving the Harbour and Port of Fishguard otherwise Abergwain in the County of Pembroke.

125. An act to make and maintain a Canal in the County of Lanark from the Monkland Canal to the Lands of Dunchattan on the North Side of Duke Street of Glasgow.

126. An act for supplying the Royal Burgh of Dundee and Suburbs thereof with Water.

127. An act to extend, alter, and enlarge the Powers of several Acts for enabling the Commissioners of Wide Streets in Dublin to widen and improve certain Ways, Streets, and Passages in the said City and County of Dublin, and for raising further Funds to enable the said Commissioners to carry the same into execution.

128. An act for providing a Market Place and Market at the Village of Dowlais in the Parish of Merthyr Tydfil in the County of Glamorgan.

129. An act for improving and regulating the Borough of Stockport in the several Counties of Chester and Lancaster.

130. An act for establishing a Cemetery for the Interment of the Dead Westward of the Metropolis, by a Company to be called "The West of London and Westminster Cemetery Company."

131. An act for establishing a general Cemetery for the Interment of the Dead in or near the City of Bristol.

132. An act for forming and regulating the London Caoutchouc Company, and to enable the said Company to purchase certain Letters Patent.

133. An act to amend the Act relating to the Commercial Railway Company.

