Local Acts passed in 1838, 1 & 2 Victoria c.1 - c.102.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1838.
---

1. An Act for making and maintaining a Harbour and other Works at Paington in the County of Devon.

2. An Act for better paying, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the Town of Milton-next-Sittingborne in the County of Kent.

3. An Act to alter and enlarge some of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, for better repairing the Roads from Warminster and from Frome to the Bath Road, and other Roads therein mentioned.

4. An Act for extending the Time for completing the London and Greenwich Railway.

5. An Act for regulating the Market in the Town of Exmouth in the County of Devon.

6. An Act for repairing and improving the Road leading from Haleworthy in the Parish of Davidstow in the County of Cornwall to the East End of Wadebridge, and from the West End of Wadebridge into and through the Borough of Mitchell in the said County; and for making amd maintaining certain new Roads to communicate therewith.

7. An Act for more effectually repairing and keeping in repair certain Roads in the County of Kincardine.

8. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for improving the Navigation of the River Ribble in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for the further Improvement of the Navigation of the said River.

9. An Act to amend the several Acts relating to the West India Dock Company and the East India Dock Company; and to consolidate the said Companies.

10. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames from Cookham in the County of Berks to the opposite Shore in the County of Bucks.

11. An Act for establishing a Floating Bridge or Bridges over the Harbour of Portsmouth from or near a Place called Gosport Beach, in the Parish of Alverstoke in the County of Southampton, to the opposite Shore, to or near a Place called Portsmouth Point, in the Parish of Portsmouth in the said County, with proper Approaches thereto.

12. An Act for providing Market Places, and for regulating the Markets, within the Borough of Brecon in the County of Brecon.

13. An Act for the Improvement of the Borough of Tenby in the County of Pembroke; and for regulating and maintaining the Harbour and Pier belonging thereto.

14. An Act to amend an Act of the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, relating to the Improvement of the Town of Leominster in the County of Hereford.

15. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch and other Places in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, Warwick, and Stafford.

16. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Top of Odsall near Bradford through Wibsey Low Moor to Huddersfield in the West Riding of the County of York.

17. An Act for repairing, amending, and maintaining the Road from Shrewsbury, through Ellesmere in the County of Salop, to Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, and other Roads branching out of the same.

18. An Act for making a Turnpike Road from Combmartin in the County of Devon to Bratton Down in the same County, and several other Roads in the Neighbourhood thereof.

19. An Act to alter and amend the Powers and Provisions of an Act relating to the Lower King's Ferry Roads in the Counties of Flint and Chester, and for making a new Road to communicate therewith; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

20. An Act to enable the London and Croydon Railway Company to enlarge their Station in the Parish of Saint Olave in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, and to amend the Acts relating to the said Railway and Station.

21. An Act to enable the St Helen's and Runcorn Gap Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and for amending the Provisions of the several Acts relating to such Railway.

22. An Act to enable the Brandling Junction Railway Company to raise an additional Sum of Money.

23. An Act to authorize the Newcastle upon Tyne and Carlisle Railway Company to raise an additional Sum of Money for the Purposes of their Undertaking.

24. An Act to alter the Line of the Cheltenham and Great Western Union Railway, and to amend the Act relating thereto.

25. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal Navigation and Railway to raise more Money; and for amending the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating thereto.

26. An Act for making several Branches in the County of Somerset from the Line of the Bristol and Exeter Railway, and for amending the Act relating to such Railway.

27. An Act for making a Railway from Penhill in the Parish of Fremington in the County of Devon to the Town of Barnstaple, and for constructing a Dock in the said Parish of Fremington, to be called "The Taw Vale Railway and Dock."

28. An Act for making and maintaining a Pier or Jetty and other Works at the Town and Borough of Deal in the Parish of Deal in the County of Kent.

29. An Act for supplying with Water the Town of Bury, and the several Townships of Walmersley-cum-Shuttleworth, Bury, and Elton, all in the Parish of Bury in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

30. An Act to amend an Act for making and maintaining the Turton and Entwisle Reservoir.

31. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Wye at a Place called Boughrood Ferry, in the Counties of Brecon and Radnor, and for making convenient Approaches thereto.

32. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, regarding Londonderry Bridge; and to amend several Acts relating to the City and Port of Londonderry.

33. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Township or Chapelry of Birkenhead in the County Palatine of Chester, and for regulating the Police thereof, and for establishing a Market within the said Township.

34. An Act for making a new Street or Thoroughfare, and widening and improving certain other Streets or Thoroughfares, within the Town and Borough of Sheffield in the County of York.

35. An Act for establishing a general Cemetery in the Parish of Gravesend in the County of Kent.

36. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Oakham and Uppingham, and other Places, in the Counties of Rutland, Leicester, and Northampton.

37. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Townships or Divisions of Strickland Roger, Whinfll, and Helsington in the Parish of Kirkby in Kendal in the County of Westmorland; and for draining and improving certain Lands in the said Township of Helsington, and in the Townships of Underbarrow and Bradley Field and Levens, in the Parishes of Kirkby in Kendal and Heversham in the same County.

38. An Act for making, repairing, and maintaining certain Roads in Her Majesty's Forest of Dean, and the Waste Lands belonging to the said Forest, and in several Parishes adjoining thereto, in the County of Gloucester.

39. An Act for more effectually amending and improving the Roads from Buckstones by Barkisland School to the Rochdale and Elland Turnpike Road, near the Town of Elland, and from Syhehouse to the Highway leading from Barkisland to Stainland, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

40. An Act for repairing the Road from French Top in the West Riding of the County of York to Stayley in the County Palatine of Chester.

41. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for repairing the Road from the Thirty-three Mile Stone in the Parish of Ruscombe in the County of Berks, towards Reading, to a Place called The Seven Mile Stone, in the Parish of Beenham in the said County, and a certain other Road communicating therewith.

42. An Act for repairing and maintaining a Road from near Salterhebble in the Parish of Halifax to the Huddersfield and New Hey Turnpike Road in the Parish of Huddersfield, and to Sowerby Bridge in the said Parish of Halifax, all in the West Riding of the County of York, with a Bridge on the Line of the said Road.

43. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Roads leading from Wakefield to Halifax, and from near Hipperholm Bar to near Stump Cross, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

44. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road leading from the South End of Angel Lane in Brampton Bierley to a certain public Highway in Mexbrough, and from Clegg's Cottage in Rawmarsh to the West End of the Village of Hooton Roberts in the County of York.

45. An Act for repairing, maintaining, and improving the Road leading from Towcester to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End in the Parish of Hardingston in the County of Northampton.

46. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Aylesbury to Thame, and the Roads from Thame to Oxford, Shillingford, Postcomb, and Bicester, in the Counties of Buckingham and Oxford.

47. An Act to repeal as much of an Act, intituled An Act for making and maintaining the Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and certain other Roads, in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Lanark, as relates to the Balmore Road; and to improve and make and maintain the said Road, and certain other Roads connected therewith, in the Parishes of Campsie and Baldemock and County of Stirling aforesaid.

48. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Quebec to Homefield Lane End, all in the Parish of Leeds in the West Riding of the County of York, with a Bridge or Bridges on the Line of such Road.

49. An Act for repairing the Road from Maulden Wood Comer to Westwood Gate in the County of Bedford.

50. An Act for better lighting with Gas the Town and Township of Blackburn in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

51. An Act to enable the Exeter Commercial Gas Light and Coke Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

52. An Act to amend an Act of King George the Fourth, for lighting with Gas the Borough of Leicester in the County of Leicester, and the Liberties, Precincts, and Suburbs thereof.

53. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Leamington Priors, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Warwick.

54. An Act for the Erection of a new Church in the Parish of Lee in the County of Kent.

55. An Act for the Erection and Endowment of a Chapelry for the District of Lower Seeding in the County of Stissex, and for other Purposes.

56. An Act for enabling the Bolton and Preston Railway Company to extend and alter the Line of such Railway, and to make collateral Branches thereto, and for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the Act relating thereto.

57. An Act for amending and enlarging the Provisions of the Act relating to the Midland Counties Railway, and for making a Branch therefrom to the Town of Mountsorrel in the County of Leicester.

58. An Act for making a Railway from Edinburgh to Glasgow, to be called "The Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway," with a Branch to Falkirk.

59. An Act to alter, amend, extend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Grand Junction Railway, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

60. An Act for altering and amending several Acts relating to the Garnkirk and Glasgow Railway; and for enabling the Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

61. An Act to enable the Newtyle and Coupar Angus Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

62. An Act for extending the Time for making a Dock or Docks at Southampton.

63. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, for erecting and maintaining a Pier and other Works for landing and embarking Passengers in the Port of the Town of Southampton.

64. An Act for making and maintaining a Reservoir at Deanhead in the Parish of Huddersfield in the West Riding of the County of York, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

65. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Dove at Rocester in the County of Stafford.

66. An Act for building a Bridge from the Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob over the Floating Harbour to the Parish of Temple in the City and County of Bristol.

67. An Act to repeal, amend, and enlarge some of the Provisions of the Act relating to the Metropolitan Suspension Bridge.

68. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Tweed between Ladykirk in the County of Berwick and Norham in the County of Durham, and for making Avenues and Approaches thereto.

69. An Act for amending the Provisions of Two Acts of Parliament relating to the City of Hereford; and for limiting the Duration of St. Ethelberts or the Nine Days Fair held annually in the said City.

70. An Act for better paving, lighting, watching, and improving the Parish of Ramsgate in the County of Kent, and for regulating the Police thereof.

71. An Act to incorporate the Subscribers to the Institution called "The Refuge for the Destitute," and for the better enabling them to carry on their charitable Designs.

72. An Act to incorporate the Governors and Subscribers to St. Lukes Hospital for Lunatics, and for better enabling them to carry on their charitable Designs.

73. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Borrowstounness, by the West End of Linlithgow, and by Torphichen, Bathgate, and Whitburn, to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow at or near Hollhouseburn; the Road from Borrowstounness to the River Avon; and the Road leading Eastward from Borrowstounness to Champany by the Kirk of Carriden in the County of Linlithgow.

74. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Dundalk to Dunleer in the County of Louth.

75. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Lutterworth Hand on the Watling Street Road, through Churchover, Brownsover, Newbold-upon-Avon, Rugby, and Bilton, in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road between Dunchurch and Hillmorton in the said County.

76. An Act to repeal the Wadsley and Langset Turnpike Road Act so far as relates to the Wadsley and Langset District of the said Road in the West Riding of the County of York, and to make new Provisions in lieu thereof; and also for extending the said District of Road to or near to Moorfields in the Parish of Sheffield; and for other Purposes.

77. An Act to vary and alter the Lines of the Kirkstall, Hkley, and Shipley District of Road, and for making a new Road from the Otley Branch Road in the said District to Burley in the Parish of Otley, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

78. An Act for amending an Act of King George the Third, for draining Lands in South Holland, and for repairing and maintaining the Road from Spalding High Bridge to Brother House, all in the County of Lincoln.

79. An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for making, repairing, widening, and keeping in repair certain Roads and Bridges in the County of Caithness; and for better regulating and rendering more effectual the Statute Labour in the said County, and Conversion Money in lieu thereof

80. An Act for granting further Powers to the Festining Railway Company.

81. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the Act relating to the Eastern Counties Railway.

82. An Act to alter the Line of the Birmingham and Derby Junction Railway.

83. An Act for making a new Street from Holborn Bridge in the City of London towards Clerkenwell Green.

84. An Act for maintaining the Pier and Harbour of Newquay in the County of Cornwall.

85. An Act to repeal an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for improving the Harbour of Fishguard in the County of Pembroke.

86. An Act to alter and amend, and in part repeal, the Powers of certain Acts for supplying the City of Glasgow and Suburbs with Water; to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Glasgow Waterworks to purchase the Cramtonhill Waterworks, and to raise a further Sum of Money; and to alter the Rates leviable by the said Company of Proprietors.

87. An Act for draining and embanking certain Lands in Lough Swilly and Lough Foyle in the Counties of Donegal and Londonderry.

88. An Act for establishing a Steam Communication over Milford Haven at or near Pembroke Ferry in the County of Pembroke.

89. An Act to amend an Act for the Amendment of Four several Acts, passed in the Fifth, Sixth, Tenth, and Forty-seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokesley otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Lesness, in the County of Kent, and within the Hundred of Wallington in the County of Surrey; and to extend the Powers thereof.

90. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Barnsley and other Places in the West Riding of the County of York.

91. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch and other Places in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, Warwick, and Stafford.

92. An Act to enable "The National Loan Fund Life Assurance Society" to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman or Secretary or any One Director of the said Society.

93. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from the Leeds and Halifax Turnpike Road at Stanningley to the Bridge over the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, and making and maintaining a Continuation of the same Road to Water Lane in Leeds, and other Roads communicating therewith, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

94. An Act for more effectually repairing, improving, and maintaining the Dudley Hill and Killinghall Turnpike Road, and for making a new Road therefrom to communicate with the Leeds and Harrogate Turnpike Road, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

95. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Common and Waste Lands called Portfield otherwise Poorfield, in the County of the Town of Haverfordwest.

96. An Act for enlarging and extending the Powers and altering and amending the Provisions of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Oldham and the neighbourhood thereof within the Parish of Prestwich-cum-Oldham in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for the better supplying the Inhabitants of the said Town and Neighbourhood with Water.

97. An Act for forming and regulating a Company to be called "The India Steam Ship Company," and to enable the said Company to purchase certain Letters Patent.

98. An Act for uniting the Medieties of the Rectory of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for the better Endowment thereof, and of certain Churches in the said Town.

99. An Act for amending certain Acts relating to the Civil Court of Record of the Borough of Liverpool, and improving the Proceedings thereof.

100. An Act for improving the Site of the Royal Exchange in the City of London, and the Avenues adjoining thereto.

101. An Act to continue for Seven Years an Act for regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coals in London and Westminster, and in certain Parts of the adjacent Counties.

102. An Act for forming and establishing "The Colonial Patent Sugar Company," and to enable the said Company to purchase certain Letters Patent.

