Local Acts passed in 1839, 2 & 3 Victoria c.1 - c.107.
From The Statutes of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, 1839.
https://books.google.co.uk/books?id=EFw0AQAAMAAJ&printsec=frontcover#v=onepage&q&f=false
---

1. An act to amend the several Acts relating to the Preston and Wyre Railway and Harbour Company.

2. An act for effecting Improvements in the Streets and other Places within and contiguous to the Town of Manchester.

3. An act for incorporating "The Preston Gas Light Company," and for better lighting with Gas or otherwise the Parliamentary Borough of Preston, and the Townships and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Lancaster.

4. An act for repairing the Road from Epsom to Tooting, and other Roads communicating therewith, all in the County of Surrey.

5. An act for enabling the General Cemetery Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for amending the Act relating to the said Cemetery.

6. An act for the better lighting and supplying the Borough of Newark in the County of Nottingham, and the Neighbourhood thereof, with Gas.

7. An act for lighting with Gas the Town of Holmfirth and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the West Riding of the County of York.

8. An act for providing a Market Place, and for regulating the Markets and Fairs, in the Town and Borough of Bury in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

9. An act to amend an Act of the Seventh and Eighth of King George the Fourth, for building a new Gaol for the Town of Cambridge, and for making further Provision for Payment of Creditors under the said Act.

10. An act for the more effectual Drainage of certain Lands called the Fen and Dales of Timberland and Timberland Thorpe, in the Parish of Timberland in the County of Lincoln.

11. An act to enable the Rhymney Iron Company to erect and endow a Church in the Parish of Bedwelty in the County of Monmouth.

12. An act for making a Turnpike Road from the Town of Redruth in the County of Cornwall to and through the Village of Hayle in the Parish of Phillack in the same County.

13. An act for repairing the Road from Cotton End near the Town of Northampton to Newport Pagnel in the County of Buckingham.

14. An act to extend, alter, and amend the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, relating to the New Cross Turnpike Roads in the Counties of Kent and Surrey.

15. An act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Worksop to the Turnpike Road act Kelham, and from Debdale Hill to the Great Northern Road at South Muskham, in the County of Nottingham.

16. An act for extending, improving, regulating, and managing the Harbour of the Royal Burgh of Aberbrothwick in the County of Forfar.

17. An act for discharging the Inhabitants of the Manor of Leeds in the Township and Parish of Leeds in the County of York from the Custom of grinding Corn, Grain, and Malt at certain Water Cornmills in the said Manor; and for making Compensation to the Proprietor of the said Mills.

18. An act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the London and Croydon Railway.

19. An act for granting further Powers to the London and Greenwich Railway Company.

20. An act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Padbrooke Bridge in the Parish of Cullompton to Hazel-Stone in the Parish of Broadclist, all in the County of Devon.

21. An act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of Two several Acts, of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth and First Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, and Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, for improving the Port and Harbour of Perth, and the Navigation of the River Tay to the said City.

22. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Wearmouth Bridge to Tyne Bridge, with a Branch from the said Road to the Town of South Shields, all in the County of Durham.

23. An act for repairing and maintaining the Road from the Town of Rugby to the Borough of Warwick, all in the County of Warwick.

24. An act to consolidate, amend, enlarge, and extend the Powers and Provisions of Two Acts of King George the Third, for better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Rochdale with Water.

25. An act for enabling the Cheltenham Waterworks Company to enlarge and extend their Works, and for amending the Act relating thereto.

26. An act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Hertfordshire and Gloucestershire Canal Navigation to raise a further Sum of Money, and for amending the Acts relating thereto.

27. An act to amend the Acts relating to "The Great Western Railway;" and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purposes of the said Undertaking.

28. An act to amend the Acts relating to the London and Southampton Railway Company, hereafter to be called "The London and South-western Railway Company," and to make a Branch Railway to the Port of Portsmouth.

29. An act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Roads from Clitheroe, through Whalley, to Blackburn and Mellor Brook in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making a new Piece of Road to communicate therewith.

30. An act for making a Turnpike Road from Morville to Shipton, with a Branch to Brockton, and another Branch from Brockton to Easthope's Cross, all in the County of Salop.

31. An act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Roads from Bury, through Haslingden, to Blackburn and Whalley, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

32. An act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Leeds, through Harewood, to the South-west Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate in the West Riding of the County of York.

33. An act for repairing the Road from Dover in the County of Kent, through Deal, to Sandwich in the said County.

34. An act to enable the General Commissioners for Drainage by the River Witham in the County of Lincoln to sue and be sued in the Name or Names of act, One of the said Commissioners or of their Clerk or Clerks for the Time being.

35. An act for making and maintaining certain Reservoirs in the Township of Riskworth in the Parish of Halifax in the West Riding of the County of York.

36. An act for more effectually repairing, improving, and maintaining the Harbour of Eyemouth in the County of Berwick.

37. An act for granting further Powers to the Company of Proprietors of the Parrett Navigation.

38. An act for better lighting with Gas the Town of Brighton, and the several Places therein mentioned, in the County of Sussex.

39. An act to enable the London and Birmingham Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

40. An act for amending and enlarging the Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Great North of England Railway-Company, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

41. An act for enabling the Liverpool and Manchester Railway Company to extend the Line of the said Railway, and for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to such Railway.

42. An act to amend the Acts relating to the South-eastern Railway.

43. An act for more effectually paving the Streets of the City of Perth; for the better lighting, watching, and cleansing the said City and Suburbs thereof; for maintaining and regulating the Police of the same, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

44. An act for establishing an effective Police in Places within or adjoining to the District called the Staffordshire Potteries, and for improving and cleansing the same, and better lighting Parts thereof.

45. An act for repairing several Roads leading to the Towns of Basingstoke, Odiham, and Alton, in the County of Southampton, and for making several Deviations in the Line of the said Roads.

46. An act to amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, for making a Turnpike Road from Saint Leonards and Saint Mary Magdalen to the Royal Oak Inn at Whatlington, and through Sedlescomb to Cripp's Comer in the Parish of Ewhurst, in the County of Sussex.

47. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Edenfield Chapel to Little Bolton, and certain Branch Roads connected therewith, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

48. An act for building a Bridge over the River Leven in the County of Fife, and otherwise improving the Road from Boreland Loan to Sconie Bridge.

49. An act for making and repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Southmolton in the County of Devon.

50. An act for more effectually maintaining and repairing the Road leading from the West Side of the Entry to the New or Jamaica Street Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Parkhouse, to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew.

51. An act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Railways from the City of Edinburgh to Leith, and to the Shore of the Frith of Forth at or near to Newhaven and Trinity, all in the County of Edinburgh; and to alter and vary the Lines and Levels of the Railways thereby authorized to be made; and for other Purposes relating to the said Undertaking.

52. An act for dissolving the Croydon, Merstham, and Godstone Iron Railway Company.

53. An act to alter the Line of the North Midland Railway, and to amend the Acts relating thereto.

54. An act to amend the several Acts relating to the Preston and Wyre Railway and Harbour Company and the Preston and Wyre Dock Company, and to consolidate the said Companies.

55. An act for extending and for altering the Line of the Manchester and Leeds Railway, and for making Branches therefrom; and for amending the Acts relating thereto.

56. An act for altering and extending the Line of the Bristol and Gloucestershire Railway, and for amending the Acts relating thereto.

57. An act for enabling the Slamannan Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

58. An act to enable the Wishaw and Coltness Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Undertaking.

59. An act to enable the Ballochney Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Undertaking.

60. An act for making Wet Docks and other Works at and near to Jarrow Slake within the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, and in the County of Durham, to be called "The Tyne Docks."

61. An act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigations to make a new Cut; and for extending and altering some of the Provisions of their present Act.

62. An act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Walls, Gates, and other public Works in the City of Norwich, and several Bridges in and near the said City, and for amending the Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Application of the Tolls and Duties thereby authorized to be raised; and to provide a new Mode of Application thereof.

63. An act for paving, lighting, watching, and improving the Town of Bradford in the County of Wilts.

64. An act for erecting, establishing, and maintaining a new Market in the City of Aberdeen, and for providing suitable Approaches thereto.

65. An act for further improving and maintaining the Harbour of the Burgh of Regality of Fraserburgh in the County of Aberdeen.

66. An act for forming a Canal and other Works within and near certain Lands called the West Croft, in the Parish of Saint Mary in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham.

67. An act for building a new Gaol for the Liberty or Soke of Peterborough and Hundred of Nassaburgh in the County of Northampton, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

68. An act for amending and enlarging the Powers of Acts for establishing a floating Bridge over the River Itchen near the Town of Southampton.

69. An act to enable the Manchester and Birmingham Railway Company to vary and extend the Line of their Railway; and to amend the Act relating thereto.

70. An act to enable the Monkland and Kirkintilloch Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Undertaking.

71. An act for incorporating certain Persons for the making and maintaining a Railway from the Township of Crook and Billy Row to the Byers Green Branch of the Clarence Railway in the Parish of Saint Andrew Auckland, all in the County of Durham, to be called "The West Durham Railway."

72. An act for enlarging the Town Quay of the Borough of Portsmouth, and for improving that Portion of the Harbour of Portsmouth called The Camber.

73. An act for the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Moy in the Counties of Mayo and Sligo in Ireland.

74. An act to enable the Newport Dock Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

75. An act to alter and amend the Powers and Provisions of an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, for making and maintaining a Pier and other Works at Deptford in the County of Kent.

76. An act to alter and amend the Powers and Provisions of an Act for making a Railway from the London and Greenwich Railway to the Deptford Pier, to be called "The Deptford Pier Junction Railway."

77. An act to amend and extend the Powers of the Northern and Eastern Railway Act.

78. An act to enable the Northern and Eastern Railway Company to alter the Line of their Railway by forming a Junction with the Eastern Counties Railway; and to provide a Station and other Works at Shoreditch; and to amend the Act relating to the Northern and Eastern Railway.

72. An act to alter and divert the Line of the South-eastern Railway from a Point thereon in the Parish of Chiddingstone in the County of Kent so as to join the London and Brighton Railway at or near Redstone Hill in the Parish of Reigate in the County of Surrey.

80. An act for better lighting with Gas the Village of Over Darwen in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

81. An act for maintaining and regulating the Market in the Parish of Sidmouth in the County of Devon.

82. An act for extending and enlarging an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Anniesland Toll Bar in the County of Lanark; and for making and maintaining another Branch Road, to be called Saint Georges Road, in connexion with the said Road.

83. An act for forming and establishing "The London Patent White Lead Company;" and to enable the said Company to purchase certain Letters Patent.

84. An act for forming and regulating a Company to be called "The General Filtration and Dye Extract Company;" and to enable the said Company to purchase certain Letters Patent.

85. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts and Damages within the Honour of Pontefract, Parcel of Her Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for altering the Practice and extending the Jurisdiction of the Court Baron of the said Honour.

86. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Aberford and other Places in the West Riding of the County of York.

87. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Rotherham and other Places in the West Riding of the County of York.

88. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Manor of Glossop and other Places in the Parish of Glossop in the County of Derby.

89. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town or Borough of Grantham in the County of Lincoln} and other Places in the Counties of Lincoln and Leicester.

90. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Rochdale and other Places in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

91. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Warrington, and several other Places adjacent thereto, in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester.

92. An act for altering, amending, consolidating, and enlarging the Provisions of certain Acts relating to the Regulation of Buildings in the Borough of Liverpool.

93. An act for forming and regulating a Company to be called "The Ship Propeller Company;" and to enable the said Company to purchase certain Letters Patent.

94. An act for regulating the Police in the City of London.

95. An act for extending the Line of the Railway between London and Blackwall called "The Commercial Railway;" and for amending the Acts relating thereto.

96. An act for establishing a General Cemetery for the Interment of the Dead in the Parish of Brighton in the County of Sussex.

97. An act for the more speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Manor of Hatfield and other Places in the West Riding of the County of York.

98. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Belper and several other Places in the County of Derby.

99. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of Newark and other Places in the Counties of Nottingham and Lincoln.

100. An act for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Prestwich-cum-Oldham and Middleton in the County of Lancaster.

101. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Bury and other Places therein mentioned in the County of Lancaster.

102. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish of Wirksworth, and other Parishes and Places adjacent or near thereto, in the several Counties of Derby and Stafford.

103. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish of Eckington and other Places in the County of Derby.

104. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough and Parish of Chesterfield, and other Parishes and Places adjacent or near thereto, in the County of Derby.

105. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and other Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby.

106. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Keighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Colverley, Batley, Birstal, Mirfield, Hartishead-cum-Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the County of York.

107. An act for further extending the Approaches to London Bridge, and amending the Acts relating thereto.

