Local Acts passed in 1840, 3 & 4 Victoria c.1 - c.131.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1840.
---

1. An Act to enable the Chard Canal Company to raise further Monies; and to amend the Act relating to the same Canal.

2. An Act to amend the Act relating to "The Chester and Birkenhead Railway," and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purposes of the said Undertaking.

3. An Act to enable the Sheffield and Rotherham Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and to amend the Act relating to the said Railway.

4. An Act to enable the Lancaster and Preston Junction Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and to amend the Act relating to such Railway.

5. An Act to enable "The North Union Railway Company" to raise a further Sum of Money.

6. An Act to enable "The Liverpool East India Warehouse Company" to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman, Deputy Chairman, or any One of the Directors of the said Company; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

7. An Act to amend an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for providing additional Burying Ground for the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey; and for enabling the Rector of the said Parish to grant Building Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory; and for other Purposes.

8. An Act for establishing a General Cemetery for the Interment of the Dead in the City and Borough of Winchester in the County of Southampton.

9. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, for building a Chapel in the Town of Wolverhampton in the County of Stafford.

10. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Towns and Boroughs of Brighton and New Shoreham, and other Places or Parishes adjacent or near thereto, in the County of Sussex.

11. An Act for making a Turnpike Road from West Kennet to Amesbury in the County of Wilts, with Branches therefrom.

12. An Act for the better lighting with Gas the City of Edinburgh and Town of Leith, and Places adjacent, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

13. An Act for enabling the Edinburgh Gas Light Company more effectually to light with Gas the Town of Leith, the Vicinity thereof, and other Places in the County of Edinburgh; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Company.

14. An Act to enable the Arbroath and Forfar Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and otherwise to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the Act relating to the Arbroath and Forfar Railway.

15. An Act to enable the Manchester and Salford Junction Canal Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and to alter, amend, and enlarge some of the Powers and Provisions of the Act relating to the said Canal.

16. An Act to continue and amend an Act for erecting a Bridge over the River Almond, which divides the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow.

17. An Act for abolishing certain Petty and Market Customs in the City of Edinburgh, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

18. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Bolton and other Places in the County of Lancaster.

19. An Act to enable "The Thames Plate Glass Company" to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman or Deputy Chairman, or Secretary, or any One of the Directors for the Time being of the said Company; and for other Purposes.

20. An Act to enable the Protestant Dissenters and General Life and Fire Insurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman, Deputy Chairman, or any One of the Directors, or of the Secretary of the said Company.

21. An Act for making and repairing several Roads in and leading to and from the Town of Warminster in the County of Wilts.

22. An Act for making and maintaining a new Road from the Road at Worle to a Road in the Parish of Kewstoke leading to Locking and Weston-super-Mare in the County of Somerset.

23. An Act to amend and explain some of the Provisions of the Acts relating to the General Steam Navigation Company.

24. An Act for consolidating the Wyrley and Essington Canal Navigation with the Birmingham Canal Navigations, and for granting further Powers to the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigations.

25. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Township of Newton Abbot, and other Townships, Parishes, and Places, all in the County of Devon.

26. An Act for making and maintaining a new Bridge over the River Aire at Leeds, at or near a Place called Crown Point, with suitable Approaches thereto; and for making certain Drains or Watercourses under the Roads leading to such Bridge, and through the adjoining Lands, to communicate with the River Aire below the Leeds Locks.

27. An Act for the further Improvement of the Town of Greenock; for better lighting and supplying the same with Water; for regulating the Police thereof; and for other Purposes connected therewith.

28. An Act to continue the Term and amend and alter the Powers of an Act for regulating the Police of the Burgh of Colton and Village and Lands of Mile End in the County of Lanark.

29. An Act to continue, enlarge, and explain several Acts for erecting a Bridewell for the County of Lanark and City of Glasgow.

30. An Act to authorize the Transfer to more than Twelve Persons of certain Patents granted to the Marquis of Tweeddale relating to the Manufacture of Drain-tiles, Bricks, and other Articles, and for the Establishment of a Company for carrying out the Objects of the said Patents.

31. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Basingstoke in the County of Southampton to Lobcomb Comer in the County of Wilts, and other Roads therein described; and for making a new Road from the said Road at the Eastern Entrance of the Town of Andover to the Warren Farm Station on the London and South-western Railway in the said County of Southampton

32. An Act for repairing and improving the Road from Macclesfield to Congleton in the County of Chester.

33. An Act for extending the Jurisdiction of the Barkston-Ash and Skyrach Court of Requests, and the Powers and Provisions of the Act passed constituting such Court, to certain Places in the West and East Ridings of the County of York, and amending the same Act.

34. An Act for repairing and improving the Roads from Lobcombe Corner in the Parish of Winterslow to the City of New Sarum in the County of Wilts, and from the said City to Landford and other Roads in the County of Southampton.

35. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads near Torquay, Paignton, Brixham, Kingswear, Newton Abbot, and Shaldon, and for making certain new Roads connected therewith, all in the County of Devon.

36. An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton in the County of Somerset, and for making several Deviations and new Lines of Road connected therewith.

37. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Honiton Turnpike Road near Yard Farm in the Parish of Upottery in the County of Devon, towards Ilminster, to the Eastern Boundary of the Parish of Buckland Saint Mary in the County of Somerset; and for making, maintaining, and repairing several other Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Devon, Somerset, and Dorset.

38. An Act for repairing and maintaining a Road from Banbury in the County of Oxford to Lutterworth in the County of Leicester, and other Roads communicating therewith.

39. An Act for maintaining and repairing the Road from Causeway Head near Stirling, through the County of Clackmannan, by the Foot of the Ochil Hills, towards Queensferry, and certain Roads branching out of the same.

40. An Act to alter and amend several Acts, for making, maintaining, and keeping in repair certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmannan and Perth; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

41. An Act to enable the Scottish Widows Fund and Life Assurance Society to sue and be sued; and for other Purposes relating to the said Society.

42. An Act for better lighting and supplying with Gas the Town and Neighbourhood of Dewsbury in the West Riding of the County of York.

43. An Act for amending the Powers and Provisions of several Acts relating to the holding of Markets in the Town of Taunton in the County of Somerset, and to the Improvement of the said Town.

44. An Act for regulating and preserving the Harbour of Workington in the County of Cumberland, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

45. An Act for paving, cleansing, watching, and otherwise improving the Town of Workington in the County of Cumberland.

46. An Act to alter and divert a Portion of the Line of the South-eastern Railway in the County of Kent.

47. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the Acts relating to the Bristol and Exeter Railway.

48. An Act to amend the Act relating to the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and North Shields Railway, and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purposes of the said Undertaking.

49. An Act for incorporating the Chester and Crewe Railway with the Grand Junction Railway, and for extending to the said first-mentioned Railway the Provisions of the several Acts of Parliament relating to the said last-mentioned Railway; and for other Purposes.

50. An Act to revive the Powers given to the Thames Tunnel Company for the Purchase of certain Houses, Lands, and Premises in the Parish of Saint John of Wapping.

51. An Act to make a further Alteration in the Line of the Birmingham and Derby Junction Railway, and an Approach thereto at Tamworth, and to amend the Acts relating to the said Railway.

52. An Act to enable the Northern and Eastern Railway Company to abandon a Portion of the Line originally authorized to be made; and to alter and amend several of the Powers and Provisions of the Acts relating to the said Railway.

53. An Act to amend and continue the Act relating to the Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock, and Ayr Railway, and to make a new Branch therefrom.

54. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act for establishing a Floating Bridge or Bridges over the Harbour of Portsmouth in the County of Southampton.

55. An Act for improving the Dartford and Crayford Creeks in the County of Kent, and for making a Diversion in the Line of the said Dartford Creek, and other Works connected therewith.

56. An Act to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigations to extend and alter the Line of their intended Cut or Canal from Dank's Branch to Salford Bridge; and to grant further Powers to the said Company.

57. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal connecting the Warwick and Birmingham Canal with the Birmingham Canal, commencing by a Junction with the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Hamlet of Bordesley in the Parish of Aston-juxta-Birmingham in the County of Warwick, and terminating by a Junction with the Birmingham Canal, near Salford Bridge, in the same Parish.

58. An Act to amend the Acts for supplying with Water the City and County of the City of Exeter and Places adjacent thereto.

59. An Act for granting certain Powers to the Faversham Oyster Fishery Company.

60. An Act to amend, alter, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act of His late Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and improving the Town and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and to make further Improvements in the said Town and Parishes.

61. An Act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of York to widen, alter, and improve certain Streets or Thoroughfares called Spurrierqate and Coney Street, in the said City.

62. An Act for establishing and maintaining a proper and effective Watch on the River Wear in the Port or Haven of Sunderland near the Sea in the County of Durham.

63. An Act for regulating and maintaining the Markets and Market Place in the Township of Tunstall in the Parish of Wolstanton in the County of Stafford.

64. An Act for making a Turnpike Road from Greenhill Moor to Eckington in the County of Derby.

65. An Act for making and maintaining several Roads leading from the Town of Maiden Newton in the County of Dorset and other Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Somerset and Dorset

66. An Act for further and more effectually repairing and maintaining several Turnpike Roads in the County of Roxburgh.

67. An Act for further and more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads in the County of Elgin.

68. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Tavistock and other Places in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall.

69. An Act for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Kingsnorton and Northfield in the County of Worcester.

70. An Act to enable the Duffryn Llynvi and Forth Cawl Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Railway and to the Bay of Porth Cawl in the County of Glamorgan.

71. An Act to enable the Port Talbot Company to raise further Monies; and to amend the Acts relating to the same Port.

72. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-seventh Year of King George the Third, intituled An Act for fixing the Dues, Duties, and Payments for all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize landed on or shipped from the Pier or Quay of the Town of Penzance in the County of Cornwall, and on all Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Pier or Quay, or to the Harbour of Penzance; and for making and maintaining an additional Pier and Dock within the said Harbour.

73. An Act for improving, enlarging, and maintaining the Harbour of Fisherrow in the County of Edinburgh.

74. An Act for equalizing, defining, and regulating the Petty Customs, and for facilitating the Collection thereof and of the Quay Dues payable to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City and Borough of Exeter, and for preserving the Navigation of the River Exe.

75. An Act for regulating the Markets and for erecting a Market House in the Town of Launceston in the County of Cornwall.

76. An Act for better lighting and cleansing the Town of Kingston upon-Hull, and certain Parts of the Liberty of Trippett within and Part of the Municipal Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull.

77. An Act for regulating the Buildings and Party Walls within the City and County of Bristol, and for widening and improving several Streets within the same.

78. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Borough of Gateshead, and the Places adjacent thereto, in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham.

79. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town and Borough of Belfast

80. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Tadcaster to Halton Dial, and for making and maintaining a new Road from Seacroft to and into the Highway leading from Scholes to Barwick-in-Elmet, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

81. An Act to amend the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Turnpike Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for making a new Branch Road to communicate therewith.

82. An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads in the Counties of Nairn and Inverness.

83. An Act for making certain Roads and Branches connected with the new Bridge now erecting over the River Dove, near the Village of Rocester, Turnpike, with proper Deviations, Works, and Conveniences, and new Pieces of Road connected therewith, and Approaches thereto, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford.

84. An Act for repairing the Road from the Maidstone Turnpike Gate on the Loose Road in the Parish of Maidstone in the County of Kent to Newcastle in the Parish of Biddenden, and a Branch Road to the Thorn in the Parish of Smarden in the same County.

85. An Act for establishing a general Cemetery in the Parish of Holy Cross and Saint Giles in or near the Town of Shrewsbury in the County of Salop.

86. An Act for the Establishment and Government of the Institution called "The Royal Naval School."

87. An Act to authorize the Appointment of additional Coroners for the County Palatine of Chester.

88. An Act to amend the several Acts relating to the Belfast Charitable Society.

89. An Act to enable the Council of the Borough of Liverpool to raise Money upon Bonds.

90. An Act for the more effectual Drainage of certain Lands called Billinghay Fen, Billinghay Dales, and Walcot Fen, Walcot Dales, and North Kyme East Fen and Ings, in the Parishes or Places of Billinghay, Walcot, Dogdike, Hart's Grounds, Coningsby, Swineshead, North Kyme, and South Kyme, in the County of Lincoln.

91. An Act to amend an Act for enlarging the present or providing a new Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Stroud in the County of Kent; for better governing, maintaining, and employing the Poor of the said Parish; and also for repairing or rebuilding the Church and Tower of the same Parish, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

92. An Act for supplying the Town of Ayr, and Suburbs of Newton and Wallacetown, and Places adjacent, in the County of Ayr, with Water.

93. An Act for explaining, altering, and amending the Mode of Assessment for the Maintenance of the Poor within the City of Glasgow.

94. An Act for enabling "The Marine Insurance Company" to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman or Deputy Chairman for the Time being of the said Company.

95. An Act to enable "The Farmers and General Fire and Life Insurance and Loan and Annuity Company" to sue and be sued in the Name of the Manager, Chairman, or any One of the Directors, or the Secretary of the said Company.

96. An Act for granting certain Powers to the British Iron Company.

97. An Act for establishing and regulating a Company, to be called "The Edinburgh Silk Yarn Company;" and to enable the said Company to purchase certain Letters Patent.

98. An Act for forming a Company to be called "Kollmann's Railway Locomotive and Carriage Improvement Company;" and for enabling the said Company to purchase certain Letters Patent.

99. An Act to incorporate the Trustees and others, Directors of the Crichton Royal Institution for Lunatics at Dumfries, and for the better enabling them to carry on their charitable Designs.

100. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Road from Bedford to Woburn, with a Branch therefrom, all in the County of Bedford.

101. An Act to make, alter, improve, and maintain certain Roads in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, Lanark, and Perth.

102. An Act for making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and the other Highways, Bridges, and Ferries therein, and for more effectually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the said Stewartry.

103. An Act to alter and amend certain Acts for making and maintaining a Road from the Limits of the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanark by Wilsontown into the Burgh of Lanark, with a Branch towards Ravenstruther in the said County of Lanark; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

104. An Act for separating the Management of the Ardrossan and Johnston Railway from the Management of the Glasgow, Paisley, and Johnston Canal; for incorporating the Proprietors thereof; for doubling and improving the said Railway; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

105. An Act to amend and enlarge some of the Provisions of the Act relating to the Birmingham, Bristol, and Thames Junction Railway; and to authorize the Company to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purposes of the said Undertaking.

106. An Act to alter and amend the Acts passed for making a Railway from Dublin to Drogheda.

107. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the Act relating to the Glasgow, Paisley, and Greenock Railway, and to make certain new Branch Railways from the Main Line in the Towns of Greenock and Port Glasgow, and to make other Works in connexion with the said Railway.

108. An Act to amend the Act relating to the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway.

109. An Act to enable the Hartlepool Dock and Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money, for completing their Undertaking; and enlarging the Time for completing the same; and for amending the Acts relating thereto.

110. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Taff Vale Railway.

111. An Act for erecting and maintaining a Pier and other Works in Mill Bay in the Port of Plymouth in the County of Devon.

112. An Act for opening a Street to Clerkenwell Green in the County of Middlesex, in continuation of the new Street from Farringdon Street in the City of London.

113. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town and Borough of Deal, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Kent

114. An Act for regulating the Municipal Government and Expences of the Royal Burgh of Banff, North Britain; for establishing an effective Police within the same; and also for maintaining, improving, and regulating the Harbour of the said Royal Burgh.

115. An Act for forming and establishing a Company to be called "The General Salvage Company;" and for enabling the said Company to purchase certain Letters Patent.

116. An Act for improving the Roads leading from Newcastle-under-Lyme to Blyth Marsh, from Cliff Bank to Shelton, from Fenton to Hem Heath, and from Shelton to Newcastle-under -Lyme; and for making and completing certain new Pieces of Road to communicate therewith; all in the County of Stafford.

117. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, and the Acts therein recited, so far as the same relate to the Road to Provan Mill commonly called the Garngad Road; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

wiii. An Act for farther deepening and improving the River Clyde, and enlarging the Harbour of Glasgow, and for constructing a Wet Dock in connexion with the said River and Harbour.

119. An Act for regulating, preserving, improving, and maintaining the River, Port, and Harbour of Dundalk in the County of Louth in Ireland.

120. An Act for regulating certain intended Docks at Liverpool to be called the Herculaneum Docks, and exempting Vessels frequenting the same, and their Cargoes, from a Portion of the Tolls and Duties payable to the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks.

121. An Act to enable The Harrington Dock Company to sue and be sued in the Name of any Member or Officer of the said Company; and to exempt all Vessels using the Docks belonging to the said Company, and all Goods shipped or discharged therein, or on the Estate of the said Company, from the Payment of certain Rates, Tolls, or Duties to the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks.

122. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act for removing the Markets held in the High and Fore Street and other Places within the City of Exeter, and for providing other Markets in lieu thereof.

123. An Act for establishing an improved Ferry between the Western Part of the Parish of Erskine in the County of Renfrew and Dumbarton in the County of Dumbarton.

124. An Act to authorize the Trustees of the River Weaver in the County of Chester to apply Part of the Funds arising from the Rates and Duties payable in respect of the Navigation of the said River for the erecting and endowing One or more Church or Churches for the Accommodation of the Watermen, Hawlers, and others employed upon the said River and connected with the Traffic thereof.

125. An Act to amend and render more effectual, so far as relates to the Lord Scudamore's Charity Monies, the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for improving the City of Hereford, and for other Purposes connected with the said City.

126. An Act to enable "The Monmouthshire Iron and Coal Company" to sue and be sued in the Name of any One of their Directors or their Secretary; and to raise Money for carrying on their Works.

127. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the London and Greenwich Railway.

128. An Act to enable the London and Greenwich Railway Company to provide a Station in the Parish of Saint Olave in the Borough of Southwark and County of Surrey.

129. An Act to enable the London and Croydon Railway Company to provide additional Station Room at the Terminus of the London and Greenwich Railway in the Parish of Saint Olave, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

130. An Act for granting further Powers to the Midland Counties Railway Company.

131. An Act to continue for Four Years, from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, the Duties now levied on Coal and Wines imported into the Port of London.

