Local Acts passed in 1841, 4 & 5 Victoria c.1 - c.114.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1841.
---

1. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the London and South-western Railway Company.

2. An Act to enable the Preston and Longridge Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

3. An Act to alter and amend the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, Watching, and improving the Town of Whitby in the North Riding of the County of York; and to allow a Drawback in certain Cases from the Duties thereby granted.

4. An Act for regulating legal Proceedings by or against the York and London Assurance Company.

5. An Act to enable "The Glasgow, Paisley, and Greenock Railway Company" to raise a further Sum of Money; and to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the Acts relating to the said Railway.

6. An Act to enable the Durham and Sunderland Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for amending the Acts for making the said Railway.

7. An Act to enable the York and North Midland Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; to make a certain Approach to the said Railway; and to amend the Acts relating thereto.

8. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Manchester and Salford Waterworks to raise a further Sum of Money; and to amend the Acts relating thereto.

9. An Act for regulating legal Proceedings by or against the Britannia Life Assurance Company.

10. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Chard Canal.

11. An Act for enabling the Wishaw and Coltness Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

12. An Act for granting further Powers to the London and Blackwall Railway Company.

13. An Act for granting further Powers to the North Midland Railway Company.

14. An Act to amend and enlarge some of the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Eastern Counties Railway, and to authorize the Company to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purposes of the said Undertaking.

15. An Act for better lighting with Gas the Borough of Derby and several Parishes and Places adjacent thereto.

16. An Act for improving certain Parts of the Townships of Bilton with Harrowgate and Pannal, called High and Low Harrowgate, in the West Riding of the County of York; for protecting the Mineral Springs and regulating the Stinted Pasture in the said Townships.

17. An Act for the Administration of the Poor Laws in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea in the County of Middlesex, and relating to the Highways in the Said Parish.

18. An Act for the more effectual Preservation and Improvement of the Fisheries in the River Annan in the County of Dumfries, and in the Streams and Waters running into the same, and on the Shores or Sea Coast adjacent to the Mouth or Entrance of the said River.

19. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads passing through or near the Town of Ilminster in the County of Somerset.

20. An Act for maintaining certain Roads in the County of Cambridge, to be called "The Stumpcross Roads."

21. An Act for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Barnstaple in the County of Devon, and for making several new Lines of Road connected therewith.

22. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Western Side of the New Forest near Christchurch to the Boundary of the Parish of Lyndhurst, all in the County of Hants.

23. An Act for making a Turnpike Road from Wimborne Minster in the County of Dorset to Piddletown in the same County, with certain Branches therefrom.

24. An Act to enable the Northern and Eastern Railway Company to make certain Deviations in the Line of their Railway, and to alter and amend the several Acts relating to the said Railway.

25. An Act for enabling the Manchester and Leeds Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

26. An Act to enable the West Durham Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and to amend the Act relating to the said Railway.

27. An Act to light with Gas and supply with Water the Townships of Old and New Accrington and Church in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

28. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act for lighting with Gas the Port and Town of Liverpool and Township of Toxteth Park in the County of Lancaster; and for lighting with Gas the several Townships of West Derby, Everton, Kirkdale, Walton-on-the-Hill, Bootle-cum-Linacre, Litherland, Great Crosby, Wavertree, and Garston, in the County of Lancaster.

29. An Act for enlarging the Powers of the Acts for building a Bridge over the River Avon, from Clifton to the opposite Side of the River in the County of Somerset.

30. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks to erect Transit Sheds on the West Quay of the Prince's Dock, to make a Wet Dock with Warehouses on the Quays, and to construct other Works, and to raise a further Sum of Money; and for enlarging the Powers of the Acts relating to the Docks and Harbour of Liverpool; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

31. An Act to repeal certain of the Provisions of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, for improving Parts of the Line of Road between the Borough of Plymouth and the City of Exeter, through Ashburton and Chudleigh, in the County of Devon.

32. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Brent Bridge in the County of Devon to Gashing Street in or near the Borough of Plymouth in the said County.

33. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge to Maidenhead Bridge, with Roads thereout to Eton Town End and to the Great Western Railway, and from Langley Broom to Datchet Bridge, all in the Counties of Middlesex and Bucks.

34. An Act for repairing the Roads from Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter in the County of the City of Coventry and in the County of Warwick, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the said County of Warwick.

35. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Market Harborough in the County of Leicester to Brampton in the County of Huntingdon.

36. An Act for repressing Juvenile Delinquency in the City of Glasgow.

37. An Act for completing and maintaining a new Church in Birkenhead in the County of Chester.

38. An Act for amending and enlarging the Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Great North of England Railway Company; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

39. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the London and South-western Railway Company; and to authorize an Agreement between the said Company and certain Inhabitants of Wandsworth and Battersea respecting an alleged Loss in their Supply of Water.

40. An Act for extending, enlarging, and amending some of the Provisions of the Act relating to the Great Leinster and Munster Railway.

41. An Act for extending and enlarging some of the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Bristol and Exeter Railway.

42. An Act to enable the Northern and Eastern Railway Company to make a Branch Line of Railway; and to alter and amend the several Acts relating to the said Railway.

43. An Act for making a Railway to be called the Wilsontown, Morningside, and Coltness Railway in the Counties of Lanark and Linlithgow.

44. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers granted to the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Railway Company; and to authorize Alterations in the Line of the Railway.

45. An Act for improving and regulating the Markets within the City and Borough of Wells in the County of Somerset.

46. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Market in the Town of Exmouth in the County of Devon.

47. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for the better Regulation of Pilots and Bridgemen, and for laying down Moorings and preventing Mischief by Fire, in the Port of King's Lynn.

48. An Act to amend an Act for the Formation of a new Cut or Channel, and for otherwise more effectually improving the Port and Harbour of Belfast.

49. An Act for maintaining Gourdon Harbour in the County of Kincardine.

50. An Act for making and maintaining a Harbour at Scrabster Roads in the Bay of Thurso and County of Caithness, and Road thereto.

51. An Act for authorizing the Newport Dock Company to raise an additional Sum of Money; and to amend the Acts relating thereto.

52. An Act to enable the Ipswich Dock Commissioners to raise a further Sum of Money.

53. An Act for making a Pier in the Parish of Portbury in the County of Somerset, with Works and Approaches connected therewith.

54. An Act to enable the Monkland Capal Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

55. An Act to consolidate, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Forth and Clyde Navigation.

56. An Act to extend and amend the Acts relating to the Newry Navigation.

57. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for the Encouragement and Improvement of the Pilchard Fishery carried on within the Bay of Saint Ives in the County of Cornwall; and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

58. An Act for draining certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parish of Burwell in the County of Cambridge, and for improving the Navigation of the Lodes or Navigable Cuts passing through the same.

59. An Act for amending the several Acts relating to the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal, and for enlarging the Cobbinshaw Reservoir.

60. An Act to amend an Act of Her present Majesty for making and maintaining a Reservoir at Deanhead in the Parish of Huddersfield in the West Riding of the County of York.

61. An Act to enable the Wakefield Waterworks Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

62. An Act for supplying Birkenhead and other Townships in the Hundred of Wirrall in the County of Chester with Gas; and for supplying Birkenhead aforesaid with Water.

63. An Act to establish a general Cemetery for the Interment of the Dead in the Parishes of Saint Dunstan Stepney and Saint Leonard Bromley in the County of Middlesex.

64. An Act for further extending the Powers of several Acts for enabling the Commissioners of Wide Streets, Dublin, to widen and improve certain Ways, Streets, and Passages in the City and County of Dublin, and for raising Funds to enable the said Commissioners to carry the same into execution.

65. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge some of the Powers and Provisions of the Acts for paving and otherwise improving certain Streets in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex.

66. An Act for amending an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the Walls of the City of Canterbury and the Liberties thereof, and other Places near the said City.

67. An Act for paving, gravelling, lighting, cleansing, draining, and improving the Hamlet of Kentish Town and its Vicinity in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex.

68. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of Middlesborough and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for establishing a Market therein.

69. An Act for paving, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town and Borough of Stamford in the Counties of Lincoln and Northampton.

70. An Act to authorize and provide for certain Improvements in the Town and Parish of Walton-le-Soken otherwise Walton-on-the-Naze in the County of Essex.

71. An Act to alter and extend an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating and improving the Borough of Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

72. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor Rates in the Borough of Kidderminster in the County of Worcester.

73. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and County of the City of Exeter.

74. An Act for extending the Jurisdiction of the Hatfield Court of Requests to certain Places in the West Riding of the County of York and in the Counties of Lincoln and Nottingham.

75. An Act to extend the Jurisdiction of the Kingsnorton Court of Requests, and to amend the Act relating thereto.

76. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Borough of Launceston and other Places in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon.

77. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Blackburn and other Places in the County of Lancaster.

78. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Borough of Wigan and the Towns of Chorley and Ormskirk, and other Places therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

79. An Act to amend an Act of Her present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of Newark and other Places in the Counties of Nottingham and Lincoln.

80. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Totnes in the County of Devon, and other Places in the said County.

81. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within and adjoining the District called The Staffordshire Potteries.

82. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Towns of Saint Helens and Prescot and Places adjacent in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

83. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Towns of Burnley and Colne and Places adjacent in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

84. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and Borough of New Sarum and other Places in the Counties of Wilts, Hants, and Dorset

85. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of New Sleaford in the County of Lincoln, and other Places in the same County.

86. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Gainsburgh in the County of Lincoln, and other Places in the Counties of Lincoln and Nottingham.

87. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town or Borough of East Retford in the County of Nottingham, and other Places in the Counties of Nottingham, York, and Lincoln.

88. An Act to incorporate the Proprietors of the Meerbrook Sough, and to enable them to levy and raise certain Royalties, Dues, and Tolls for the Continuation and Maintenance thereof.

89. An Act to enable "The Patent Rolling and Compressing Iron Company" to purchase certain Letters Patent, and to sue and be sued.

90. An Act for regulating legal Proceedings by or against "The Rhymney Iron Company," and for granting certain Powers thereto.

91. An Act for forming and establishing "Stead's Patent Wooden Paving Company," and to enable the said Company to purchase certain Letters Patent, and for confirming the same.

92. An Act to enable the Church of England Life and Fire Assurance, Trust, and Annuity Company to sue and be sued in the Name of the Managing Director or other Officer of the said Company.

93. An Act for regulating legal Proceedings by or against the Neptune Marine Insurance Company.

94. An Act for enabling "The Imperial Life Insurance Company" to alter the Mode of Appropriation of Profits directed by their Deed of Settlement, and for regulating legal Proceedings by or against the Company.

95. An Act for regulating legal Proceedings by or against "The Hull Flax and Cotton Mill Company."

96. An Act to enable the "Scottish Marine Insurance Company" to sue and be sued; and for other Purposes.

97. An Act for further and more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads in the Counties of Roxburgh and Dumfries.

98. An Act for more effectually widening and improving the Road from Wells to Highbridge, with a Road thereout to Cheddar, all in the County of Somerset.

99. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining several Roads leading to and from the Town of Bradford in the County of Wilts, and for maintaining a Bridge over the River Avon at Stokeford in the said County.

100. An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Henley-upon- Thames to Culham Bridge, and to the Chancellors Milestone near Magdalen Bridge, in the County of Oxford.

101. An Act for repairing the Road from Blakedown Pool in the Parish of Hagley in the County of Worcester into the Borough of Birmingham in the County of Warwick.

102. An Act for repairing the Turnpike Road from Barnstaple to Braunton in the County of Devon, and for making certain new Lines of Road to communicate with the same.

103. An Act for repairing and improving the Roads commonly called the Sedgley Roads in the County of Stafford, and for making a new Line of Road connected therewith in the said County.

104. An Act for repairing the Road from Dewsbury to Leeds in the West Riding of the County of York, and for making and repairing a new Line of Road leading therefrom.

105. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, for repairing and improving the Road from Brighton to Shoreham and Lancing in the County of Sussex, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

106. An Act for repairing and improving the Road from Selby to Leeds in the West Riding of the County of York.

107. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Road from a Place in the Parish of Nuffield in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Wantage, to Faringdon in the County of Berks.

108. An Act for more effectually repairing, maintaining, and improving certain Roads leading to and from the City of Lincoln.

109. An Act for repairing the Turnpike Road from Tinsley to Doncaster, and for making certain new Lines of Road to communicate with the same, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

110. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Cripps Comer in the Parish of Ewhurst in the County of Sussex to Gills Green in the Parish of Hawkhurst in the County of Kent.

111. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from the Mayors Stone in Abingdon to Chilton Pond in the County of Berks.

112. An Act for improving the Streets and public Places, and erecting a Town Hall and improving the Markets, in the Township of Blackburn in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

113. An Act for the better Drainage of Lands in Bourn North Fen and Dyke Fen in the Manor and Parish of Bourn in the County of Lincoln.

114. An Act for maintaining and repairing, as Turnpike, a certain Road commencing at or near the North-west Gate of the Woodside Hotel Stable-yard in the Township or Chapelry of Birkenhead, and terminating at or near the Cottage of Henry Berry in the Township of Little Meols in the Parish of West Kirby in the County of Chester, and for levying Tolls for that Purpose.

