Local Acts passed in 1842, 5 & 6 Victoria c.1 - c.113.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1842.
---

1. An act to extend the Provisions of an act of the Forty-eighth of King George the Third, relative to the Manchester Royal Infirmary, Dispensary, and Lunatic Hospital or Asylum; and to incorporate the Trustees thereof.

2. An act for altering and enlarging the Powers of the Acts relating to the Midland Counties Railway.

3. An act to enable the South-eastern Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Railway.

4. An act to authorize the Brandling Junction Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

5. An act to authorize the Purchase of a certain Ferry called "Woodside Ferry" by the Commissioners for the Improvement of the Township or Chapelry of Birkenhead in the County Palatine of Chester; and for amending the Improvement Acts for the said Township.

6. An act for better supplying with Water the Town and Neighbourhood of Bradford in the West Riding of the County of York.

7. An act for lighting with Gas the Town of Stalybridge, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the Counties of Chester and Lancaster.

8. An act to continue and amend "An Act to rebuild Windsor Bridge in the Borough of New Windsor in the County of Berks, and to improve the Avenues thereto."

9. An act for restoring to the City and County of Bristol a Portion of the ancient Boundary of the same.

10. An act for prohibiting Burying and Funeral Service in a Church or Chapel in the Parish of Saint Pancras the County of Middlesex erected on the Estate of the Duke of Bedford.

11. An act to explain and amend an Act, intituled An act to make, alter, improve, and maintain certain Roads in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, Lanark, and Perth; and for making and maintaining certain new Roads in connexion therewith.

12. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway, and to grant further Powers to the Company of Proprietors thereof.

13. An act for granting more effectual Powers for lighting with Gas the Town of Nottingham, and several Parishes and Places adjacent thereto.

14. An act for taking down the Market House in the Town of Saint Austell in the County of Cornwall, and for erecting a more convenient Market House instead thereof; for providing a new Market Place; and for increasing and regulating the Markets and Fairs within the same Town.

15. An act to facilitate the raising of Capital for the Completion of the Bolton and Preston Railway.

16. An act to enable the Birmingham and Derby Junction Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

17. An act to alter, amend, extend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an act relating to the Great North of England, Clarence, and Hartlepool Junction Railway in the County of Durham.

18. An act to alter and amend some of the Provisions of the Act relatingto the Sheffield, Ashton-under-Lyne, and Manchester Railway.

19. An act to extend the Provisions of an act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, relative to the Pier of Granton in the County of Edinburgh.

20. An act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of Weston-super-Mare in the County of Somerset, and for establishing a Market therein. 385.

21. An act for regulating legal Proceedings by or against the Northern Coal Mining Company, for enabling the Company to appoint One Board of Directors in. lieu of Two independent Boards, and for removing Restrictions in the Choice of Directors.

22. An act for erecting a Market House and for regulating the Market within the Borough and Town of Great Torrington in the County of Devon.

23. An act for draining certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parishes of Cottenham, Rampton, and Willingham, in the County of Cambridge.

24. An act for improving the Navigation of the Severn from the Entrance Lock of the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal, and from the Entrance Lock of the Herefordshire and Gloucestershire Canal, in the County of Gloucester, to Gladder or Whitehouse Brook in the County of Worcester.

25. An act for maintaining and repairing the Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and a Branch Road leading therefrom.

26. An act for amending an act relating to the Paving and Sewerage of the Town of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

27. An act to facilitate Arrangements consequent upon the Dissolution of the Stanhope and Tyne Railroad Company, and to incorporate some of the Proprietors, for the Purpose of continuing the working of a Part of the Railway belonging to the said Company.

28. An act to amend Two Acts relating to the Cheltenham and Great Western Union Railway.

29. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock, and Ayr Railway, and to grant further Powers to the Company of Proprietors thereof.

30. An act for granting further Powers to the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham and Liverpool Junction Canal Navigation.

31. An act to repeal an act passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for enlarging the Floating Dock within the Port of Bristol, and for other Works connected therewith.

32. An act for making a Pier at Gosport in the Parish of Alverstoke in the County of Southampton.

33. An act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Ellesmere and Chester Canal Navigation.

34. An act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the Acts relating to the London and Blackwall Railway.

35. An act for authorizing the Saundersfoot Railway and Harbour Company to make an Extension of their present Railway, and also to make Two Branches from such Railway respectively within the County of Pembroke; and for extending the Provisions of the Act relating to the said Company.

36. An act for incorporating the Equitable Gas Light Company, and for more effectually lighting with Gas certain Parishes and Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and the Western Parts of the Metropolis, and other Parishes and Places in the County of Middlesex.

37. An act to improve, repair, and maintain certain Roads in the Counties of Lanark, Stirling, and Dumbarton; and to make and maintain a new Line of Road in connexion therewith.

38. An act for more effectually maintaining and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Aberdeen, Banff, and Kincardine, and for making certain new Roads in the said Counties, or some of them.

39. An act for regulating legal Proceedings by or against "The Cwm Celyn and Blaina Iron Company," and for granting certain Powers thereto.

40. An act for regulating the Communication between the Birmingham and Liverpool Junction Canal Navigation and the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, and for amending the several Acts relating to such first-mentioned Canal Navigation.

41. An act for altering and amending an act of the Fourth and Fifth Year of Her present Majesty, intituled An act to consolidate, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Forth and Clyde Navigation; for enlarging and making Reservoirs for better supplying the said Navigation with Water; and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation to purchase and acquire the Forth and Cart Junction Canal.

42. An act for improving the Navigation of Faversham Creek in the County of Kent.

43. An act to amend the Act relating to the Saint Bridge in the City and County of Bristol, and for widening and improving the Approaches to the said Bridge.

44. An act for the Promotion of the Health of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Liverpool, and the better Regulation of Buildings in the said Borough.

45. An act to alter some of the Provisions of an act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, relating to the New Cross Turnpike Roads, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey.

46. An act for granting further Powers to the Bristol and Gloucester Railway Company.

47. An act to alter and amend the Provisions of the Act for opening a Street to Clerkenwell Green in the County of Middlesex.

48. An act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and improving Ely Place and Ely Mews, Holborn, in the County of Middlesex.

49. An act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of Fleetwood and the Neighbourhood thereof in the County Palatine of Lancaster%and for establishing a Market therein.

50. An act to alter and amend an act of the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for lighting and watching certain Parts of the Liberties, Hamlets, or Districts of Camberwell and Peckham in the County of Surrey.

51. An act to explain an act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An act to alter, amend, and enlarge some of the Powers and Provisions of the Acts for paving and otherwise improving certain Streets in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex.

52. An act to restrict the vexatious Removal of certain Actions from the Borough Court of Liverpool.

53. An act for enabling the Saundersfoot Railway and Harbour Company to make a Floating Dock at Saundersfoot in the County of Pembroke, and for extending the Provisions of the Act relating to the said Company with reference to the said Harbour.

54. An act for further improving, enlarging, and maintaining the Harbours of the Town of Greenock.

55. An act for transferring to the Trustees of the River Welland in the County of Lincoln certain Dues payable in respect of Vessels using the said River, Part of the Port and Harbour of Boston, and their Cargoes, for better effecting Improvements authorized by a former Act; and for amending several Acts relating to the same.

56. An act for the Improvement of the Port and Harbour of Drogheda.

57. An act to explain and amend the Powers and Provisions of the Act relating to the Wirkworth Harbour in the County of Northumberland.

58. An act for amending the Acts relating to the Gravesend Town Quay and Pier.

59. An act for erecting a Pier at the Royal Terrace Gardens in the Town of Gravesend in the County of Kent.

60. An act for amending the several Acts relating to the Port and Harbour of Boston in the County of Lincoln.

61. An act for authorizing the Conveyance of a Piece of Land upon which a Church at Kingstown in the County and Diocese of Dublin and Parish of Monkstown has been erected, and for providing for the due Celebration of Divine Service in the said Church, and for assigning a District thereto.

62. An act to amend an act for erecting a Harbour at Ardrossan in the County of Ayr, and to provide for the Improvement of the said Harbour.

63. An act for regulating and maintaining the Fisheries in the River Tyne.

64. An act for regulating legal Proceedings by or against "The Guarantee Society," and for granting certain Powers thereto.

65. An act to enable the City of Glasgow Life Assurance and Reversionary Company to sue and be sued; and for other Purposes relating to the said Company.

66. An act to enable "The Imperial Insurance Company" to alter some of the Provisions of their Deed of Settlement, and better regulate their Proceedings and the Investment of their Funds.

67. An act for regulating legal Proceedings by or against "The Indemnity Mutual Marine Assurance Company."

68. An act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an act relating to the Holywell District of Turnpike Roads in the County of Flint, and for making new Roads to communicate therewith.

69. An act to amend the Provisions of an act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Market Harborough in the County of Leicester to Brampton the County of Huntingdon.

70. An act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Borough of Leicester to Narborough, and from the said Borough of Leicester to Earl Shilton, and from Earl Shilton to Hinckley, all in the County of Leicester.

71. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, for more effectually repairing, maintaining, and improving certain Roads leading to and from the City of Lincoln.

72. An act for maintaining certain Roads in the County of Salop called The Church Stretton and Longden Roads.

73. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Bolton to Westhoughton in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

74. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester in the County of Leicester to the Town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch in the said County.

75. An act to alter and amend the Acts for making, repairing, and keeping in repair the Road from Stonehaven, through the Slug Mount, to the Bridge at Cobleheugh, in the County of Kincardine.

76. An act to amend an act of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for repairing the Road from Dundalk in the County of Louth to Bannbridge in the County of Down, so far as relates to the Southern Division of the said Road.

77. An act for repairing and maintaining several Roads leading from the Town of Kington, and other Roads branching therefrom, in the County of Hereford.

78. An act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, for supplying the Towns of Old and New Brentford in the County of Middlesex, and other Places therein mentioned, with Gas; and to raise a further Sum of Money for carrying on the said Undertaking.

79. An act for incorporating the South Metropolitan Gas Light and Coke Company, and for more effectually lighting with Gas certain Places within the Borough of Southwark, and other Parishes and Places in the Counties of Surrey and Kent.

80. An act for completing the Railway Communication between the Towns of Newcastle-on-Tyne and Darlington, by a Railway to be called the Newcastle and Darlington Junction Railway, with a Branch to the City of Durham.

81. An act for making a Branch Railway from the London and Birmingham Railway at Coventry to communicate with the Towns of Warwick and Leamington in the County of Warwick.

82. An act for making a Railway from Great Yarmouth to Norwich in the County of Norfolk.

83. An act for enabling the Dundee and Arbroath Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to amend the Provisions of the Act relating to the said Railway.

84. An act for the Abandonment of a Portion of the Line of the Great North of England Railway, and for altering and amending the Acts relating thereto.

85. An act for regulating legal Proceedings by or against "The Metropolitan Patent Wood Paving Company," and for granting certain Powers thereto.

86. An act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Road leading from Ferrybridge, through Wetherby, to Boroughbridge in the County of York.

87. An act to amend, alter, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, watering, and improving the Town and Borough of Sudbury in the County of Suffolk.

88. An act for the Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor in the Parish of Liverpool in the County of Lancaster.

89. An act for extending and enlarging some of the Provisions of an act relating to the Thames Haven Dock and Railway.

90. An act for the maintaining and better regulating of the Stockton and Hartlepool Railway, and for incorporating the Proprietors thereof.

91. An act for constructing a Low-water Pier and necessary Works at Burntisland in the County of Fife, and establishing a Ferry between the same and Granton in the County of Edinburgh, and for improving the Communication between the said Pier and Kinghorn.

92. An act to amend an act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, for repairing the Road from the Town of Athy in the County of Kildare, through the Town of Castlecomer in the County of Kilkenny, to the City of Kilkenny, and from the Town of Castlecomer to the Town of Leighlin Bridge in the County of Carlow, and from the Town of Carlow to the said Town of Castlecomer, so far as relates to the Second Division of the said Road.

93. An act for repairing and improving the Road from Tadcaster to Otley in the West Riding of the County of York.

94. An act for repairing and maintaining several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard in the County of Hereford, and other Roads adjoining thereto in the said County and in the County of Worcester, and for making several new Lines of Road connected therewith in the same Counties.

95. An act for repairing the several Roads leading to and from the Market House in Stourbridge in the County of Worcester, and several other Roads connected with the said Roads in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop.

96. An act to amend an act for incorporating and granting certain Powers to the North American Colonial Association of Ireland, and for explaining, altering, and enlarging the Provisions thereof.

97. An act to alter and amend the Powers and Provisions of the Acts relating to the making and maintaining of a Pier and other Works at Deptford in the County of Kent.

98. An act to enable the Sheriffdom of Ross and Cromarty to provide proper Court House Accommodations, and for other Purposes relative thereto.

99. An act to enable the "Forth Marine Insurance Company" to sue and be sued, and for other Purposes.

100. An act for making and maintaining as Turnpike the Road leading from the Preston and Blackburn Turnpike Road at Finnington in the Township of Chorley in the County of Lancaster.

101. An act for further extending the Approaches to London Bridge and the Avenues adjoining to the Royal Exchange in the City of London, and for amending the Acts relating thereto respectively; and for raising a Sum of Money towards opening a Street to Clerkenwell Green in the County of Middlesex in continuation of the new Street from Farringdon Street in the City of London.

102. An act for amending some of the Powers of the Acts relating to the London and Greenwich Railway.

103. An act for providing additional Burial Grounds in the Parish of Leeds in the West Riding of the County of York.

104. An act for better lighting, cleansing, sewering, and improving the Borough of Leeds in the County of York.

105. An act for better paving and improving the Streets and Highways within the Extra-parochial Place of Toxteth Park in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for the Sewerage of certain Parts of the said Place.

106. An act for the Improvement, good Government, and Police Regulation of the Borough of Liverpool.

107. An act for making a new Street from Blackman Street to the Southwark Bridge Road, and for improving the District called the Mint, all in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey.

108. An act for better enabling The Liverpool and Manchester Railway Company to extend the Line of the said Railway, and for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to such Railway.

109. An act for establishing a General Cemetery for the Interment of the Dead in the Parish of Sonning, near the Town of Reading in the County of Berks.

110. An act for better preserving the Navigation of the River Mersey.

111. An act for making and maintaining and improving a Harbour at Wicklow in the County of Wicklow.

112. An act for maintaining and improving certain Roads in the Counties of Lanark, Ayr, and Renfrew; for maintaining a Bridge over the River Clyde at Dalmarnock, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

113. An act to enable the Court of Chancery to appoint a Person or Persons to sue on behalf of the Copartnership of Bankers lately carrying on Business under the Firm of "The Imperial Bank of England," in lieu of the Public Officer.

