Local Acts passed in 1843, 6 & 7 Victoria c.1 - c.110.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1843.
---

1. An Act for regulating legal Proceedings by or against "The Cambrian Iron and Spelter Company," and for granting certain Powers thereto.

2. An Act for lighting the Streets and public Roads within the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham.

3. An Act to authorize certain Alterations in the Works of the Warwick and Leamington Union Railway, and to confirm the Purchase thereof by the London and Birmingham Railway Company, and to enable that Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to convert their Shares into Stock.

4. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Lancaster and Preston Junction Railway.

5. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation to lend certain Sums of Money to the Commissioners for the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Severn, and to guarantee the Repayment of the Amount of any Loans which any other Persons or Bodies shall make to such Commissioners, and to guarantee the Performance of Contracts into which such Commissioners shall enter, and to borrow Money for such Purposes.

6. An Act for authorizing the Sale and Application of certain Property vested in the Commissioners for making the River Thames navigable from Bercot in the County of Oxford to the University and City of Oxford.

7. An Act to enable "the Hull and Selby Railway Company" to raise a further Sum of Money; and to amend the Act relating to the said Railway.

8. An Act to authorize certain Alterations in a Portion of the Line of the Great North of England Railway, and for vesting the same in the Newcastle and Darlington Junction Railway Company.

9. An Act to increase the Capital of the Sheffield, Ashton-under-Lyne, and Manchester Railway Company, and to alter and enlarge the Powers of the said Company.

10. An Act for making a Railway from the Great Western Railway to the City of Oxford.

11. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town and Parish of Chepstow, and the Parish of Saint Arvans adjoining thereto, all in the County of Monmouth.

12. An Act for removing the present Markets held in the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, and for providing other Market Places, and regulating the Markets to be held therein.

13. An Act for extending the Powers of the Commissioners of the Township of Birkenhead in the County of Chester, and for including the Township of Claughton-cum-Grange and Part of the Township of Oxton in the same County within their Jurisdiction.

14. An Act for more effectually lighting with Gas the Borough of Bolton, and certain Places adjacent thereto, in the County of Lancaster.

15. An Act for providing additional Grounds to the Lunatic Asylum of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

16. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Town of Cockermouth to the Town of Maryport and other Roads therein mentioned, and for making a Branch Road connected therewith, all in the County of Cumberland.

17. An Act for transferring to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Manchester certain Powers and Property now vested in the Commissioners for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Town of Manchester.

18. An Act for enabling the Cromford and High Peak Railway Company to grant Mortgages for Part of their floating Debts; and for amending the Act relating to such Railway.

19. An Act to amend an Act relating to the building of the Hungerford and Lambeth Suspension Foot Bridge; and for granting further Powers to the Hungerford and Lambeth Suspension Foot Bridge Company.

20. An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Ipswich Dock Commissioners.

21. An Act to amend an Act of the Second Year of Her present Majesty's Reign, for better lighting with Gas the Town of Brighton, and the several Places therein mentioned, in the County of Sussex.

22. An Act for granting further Powers to the Imperial Continental Gas Association.

23. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town of Helens and several Hamlets and Places adjacent thereto, all in the Parish of Prescot in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

24. An Act for establishing a Cemetery in Birkenhead and Claughton-cum-Grange, or One of them, in the County of Chester.

25. An Act for better raising and securing the Fund for the Relief of Widows and Children of Burgh and Parochial Schoolmasters in Scotland.

26. An Act for repairing and improving certain Roads in the Neighbourhood of Trentham and Stone in the County of Stafford, and for making and maintaining a new Road from Trentham Inn to the Newcastle-under-Lyme and Market Drayton Turnpike Road in the same County, and another new Piece of Road in the Parish of Trentham aforesaid.

27. An Act to enable the London and Brighton Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for altering and amending the Act relating to such Railway.

28. An Act to enable the Northern and Eastern Railway Company to make an Extension of their present Railway; and to alter and amend the Acts relating to the said Railway.

29. An Act to extend the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for improving the Navigation of Faversham Creek in the County of Kent.

30. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds in the Borough of Leeds in the West Riding of the County of York.

31. An Act for better lighting with Gas the Town and Borough of Newport in the County of Monmouth.

32. An Act to enable "The Company of Proprietors of the Preston Waterworks" to raise a further Sum or Sums of Money; to alter and amend the Act incorporating the said Company, and to extend and enlarge their Powers.

33. An Act for the Improvement of the Norland Estate in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts Kensington in the County of Middlesex.

34. An Act for making further Provision for paving, lighting, cleansing, regulating, repairing, and improving the Streets, Highways, and other public Places in the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, and for paving such Parts of Old Cock Lane and York Street as are in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the County of Middlesex.

35. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, regulating, and otherwise improving the Town of Portsea in the County of Southampton, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

36. An Act for amending the Act establishing "The London Cemetery Company."

37. An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in Her present Majesty's Reign, for the better Drainage of Lands in Bourn North Fen and Dyke Fen in the Manor and Parish of Bourn in the County of Lincoln, and for other Purposes concerning the Drainage of the same Lands.

38. An Act for regulating legal Proceedings by or against the Anderton Carrying Company.

39. An Act for more effectually maintaining, improving, and repairing the Road leading from the South End of the New Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Park House, to Three Mile House in the County of Lanark.

40. An Act for amending the several Acts relating to the Harbour of Scarborough in the North Riding of the County of York, and for improving the said Harbour.

41. An Act for improving, maintaining, and regulating the Harbour of Wexford in the County of Wexford.

42. An Act for erecting and maintaining a Pier in Pile Harbour in the Parish of Dalton-in-Furness in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

43. An Act for making a Railway from Lamellion Bridge in the Parish of Liskeard to Tokenbury Corner in the Parish of Linkinhorne, with a Branch Railway from Crow's-nest to Cheesewring, all in the County of Cornwall.

44. An Act to provide for the more effectual Execution of the Office of a Justice of the Peace within the Parish of Merthyr Tidvil and certain adjoining Parishes.

45. An Act for further improving and maintaining the Harbour of Saltcoats in the County of Ayr.

46. An Act for enabling the Clarence Railway Company to make an Issue of new Shares, and for otherwise altering and amending, enlarging and extending, some of the Provisions of the Acts relating to the said Railway.

47. An Act for improving and regulating the Navigation of the River Forth from Alloa to Stirling, and Works connected therewith; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

48. An Act for repairing the Road from Dundalk in the County of Louth to Bannbridge in the County of Down, so far as relates to the Northern Division of the said Road.

49. An Act to amend the Acts relating to "The Glasgow, Paisley, and Greenock Railway Company," and to grant further Powers to the said Company.

50. An Act to enable the Ballochney Railway Company to make and maintain certain new Works; and in some respects to alter and amend the Provisions of the Acts relating to the said Railway.

51. An Act to enable the South-eastern Railway Company to extend the Line of their Railway into the Town of Dover; and to confer other Powers and Privileges on the said Company.

52. An Act to enable the South-eastern Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to the Town of Maidstone.

53. An Act to enable the Birmingham and Gloucester Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for amending the Acts relating to the said Company.

54. An Act for amending the Acts relating to the Bristol and Gloucester Railway, and for making a Branch Railway out of the same.

55. An Act for amending the Acts for making and maintaining the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal; and for conferring further Powers on the Company of Proprietors thereof.

56. An Act to amend Two several Acts, for improving the Port and Harbour of Belfast.

57. An Act for the Regulation of Lastage and Ballastage in the River Thames.

58. An Act for the better supplying and lighting with Gas the City and Suburbs of Glasgow and Places adjacent, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

59. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of an Act for paving or flagging, lighting, cleansing, watching, regulating, and improving the Town of Leamington Priors in the County of and for establishing a Market therein.

60. An Act for better paving, lighting, and otherwise improving the Hamlet of Kentish Town and its Vicinity, in the Parish of Pancras in the County of Middlesex.

61. An Act for regulating Hackney Coaches and other Carriages, Boats and Wherries, within the several Parishes of Saint Andrew and Charles in the Borough of Plymouth, the Parish of East Stonehouse and the Parish of Stoke Damerel in the Borough of Devonport, and for amending Two several Acts for repairing certain Roads leading from the Borough of Plymouth aforesaid to Stonehouse Bridge and Plymouth Dock, all in the County of Devon.

62. An Act to enable the South-eastern Railway Company, in conjunction with the London and Croydon Railway Company, to make a Railway from the London and Croydon Railway to Swan Street, near the Bricklayers Arms in the Old Kent Road, and to provide a new Station there.

63. An Act for making a Railway with other necessary Works to connect certain Coal Fields in the Parishes of Old Monkland and Bothwell in the County of Lanark with the Monkland Canal.

64. An Act for making a Branch Railway from the London and Birmingham Railway to Northampton and Peterborough.

65. An Act to convert the Shares in the Capital authorized to be raised by the Acts for making a Dock or Docks at Southampton into Stock; to raise a further Sum of Money; and to alter and amend some of the Powers of the said Acts.

66. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely and Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, near Mildenhall River, so far as relates to the several Lands in the Second District therein described; and for extending the Limits of the said Second District.

67. An Act to establish a Cemetery for the Interment of the Dead near the Town and within the Borough of Southampton.

68. An Act for better cleansing, sewering, and draining the Town of Topsham in the County of Devon, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

69. An Act to provide for the Improvement of the Town and Harbour of Borrowstounness in the County of Linlithgow; for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets of the said Town; and for regulating the Police thereof.

70. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of the Act relating to the Maryport and Carlisle Railway.

71. An Act for improving and maintaining the Port or Harbour of Neath in the County of Glamorgan.

72. An Act for improving and maintaining the Harbour of Aberdeen.

73. An Act for better supplying with Water the Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull.

74. An Act for more effectually supplying with Water the Town of Bolton, and several Townships adjacent thereto, in the County of Lancaster.

75. An Act for enabling the Commissioners for paving and sewering the Town of Liverpool more effectually to water the Streets of the said Town, and to provide Water for extinguishing Fires therein.

76. An Act for draining, embanking, and improving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Parishes, Hamlets, Townships, or Places of Bardney, Southrow otherwise Southry, Tupholme, Stixwould, Edlington, and Thimbleby, in the County of Lincoln.

77. An Act for amending several Acts relating to Londonderry Bridge.

78. An Act for better paving, lighting, cleansing, and improving the Town and Borough of Northampton.

79. An Act to make, complete, maintain, and incorporate with the Monkland and Kirkintilloch Railway Two improved or additional Lines of Railway; and to alter, amend, enlarge, and repeal the Acts relating to the said Undertaking.

80. An Act to improve, repair, and maintain the Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and to make and maintain certain Branch Roads therefrom.

81. An Act for more effectually repairing, improving, and maintaining the Roads and Bridges in the County of Sutherland, and further regulating the Statute Labour in the said County; and for repairing, improving, and maintaining a certain Portion of Road in the County of Ross.

82. An Act to enable the Great North of England, Clarence, and Hartlepool Junction Railway Company to make a Branch Railway; and to explain and amend the Acts relating to the said Railway; and for other Purposes.

83. An Act for altering and amending the Dundee Harbour Acts, and for more effectually maintaining, improving, and extending the Harbour of Dundee; and for other Purposes connected therewith.

84. An Act to extend the Term and to alter and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the Acts for erecting, improving, regulating, and maintaining the Ferries and Passages across the River in the Counties of Fife and Forfar, and for establishing a Floating Bridge or Bridges over the said River, with proper Landing Places and Approaches thereto.

85. An Act for appointing Trustees for the Creditors of the Burgh of Paisley, and other Purposes relating to the financial Affairs of the said Burgh.

86. An Act to render valid an Act for better raising and securing the Fund for the Relief of Widows and Children of Burgh and Parochial Schoolmasters in Scotland.

87. An Act to incorporate the Directors of Milne's Free School in the Town of Fochabers, and for the better Government thereof.

88. An Act to alter and amend an Act for the Improvement of the Navigation of the Rivers Burry, Loughor, and Lliedi, in the Counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan, and to improve the Harbour of Llanelly in the said County of Carmarthen.

89. An Act to enable the Edinburgh Water Company to bring in an additional Supply of Water; and to alter and amend the Acts relating to the said Company.

90. An Act to incorporate the Members of the Institution called the Infant Orphan Asylum, and to enable them the better to carry on their charitable Designs.

91. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the new Wall on the Parade in Castleton in the Parish of Rochdale, through Middleton, to the Mere Stone in Great Heaton and to the Town of Manchester, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for making a Diversion in the Line of such Road.

92. An Act for appointing the Royal Burgh of Dingwall to be the Head Burgh of the Shire of Ross, and for giving cumulative Jurisdiction to the Justices of the Peace of the Counties of Ross and Cromarty.

93. An Act for regulating the Police, and paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of the Town or Barony of Gorbals in the County of Lanark, and Grounds adjacent; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

94. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Roads from Spalding High Bridge, through Littleworth, to James Deeping Stone Bridge and Handley's Bridge in the County of Lincoln, and from Deeping Stone Bridge Maxey Outgang in the County of Northampton.

95. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Town of Cromford to the Town of Belper, and the Road from the Main Road near the River Amber to the Turnpike Road at Bull Bridge, all in the County of Derby.

96. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester to the City of Peterborough.

97. An Act for making and maintaining Highways, Roads, Bridges, and Quays, and for regulating Ferries, in the Shire of Argyll and for altering and repairing certain Military and other Roads, Bridges, and Quays in the said Shire.

98. An Act to alter and amend certain Provisions of the Acts relating to the Docks and Harbour of Liverpool.

99. An Act to consolidate, amend, and extend the Provisions of several Acts, for the better paving, watching, lighting, and cleansing, and for regulating the Police of the City of Glasgow and adjoining Districts and also for managing the Statute Labour of the said City; and for other Purposes in relation thereto.

100. An Act for amending an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, for draining and embanking certain Lands in Lough Swilly and Lough Foyle in the Counties of Donegal and Londonderry, so far as the same relates to the said Lands in Lough Foyle.

101. An Act for establishing an Office for the Benefit of Coalwhippers of the Port of London; and for staying certain Actions in respect of Fitters Certificates.

102. An Act for the more equal Applotment of certain Rates in the County of the City of Dublin and County of Dublin respectively.

103. An Act for maintaining the Railway called "The Belfast and Cavehill Railway," and for reviving and extending some of the Powers of the Acts relating thereto.

104. An Act to incorporate the Persons having Claims upon the Lagan Navigation in Ireland, and to provide for the future Management and Improvement of the said Navigation.

105. An Act for the Improvement of the Burgh of Anderston in the County of Lanark; for regulating the Police thereof, and of certain Lands adjacent; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

106. An Act for making and maintaining a Reservoir at Deerhope or Fairliehope on the River North Esk in the Counties of Edinburgh and Peebles; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

107. An Act to enable the Glasgow Marine Insurance Company to sue and be sued; and for other Purposes relating to the said Company.

108. An Act for more effectually repairing certain Roads in the Parishes of Bermondsey, Rotherhithe, and Saint Paul and Nicholas Deptford, and for making several new Roads connected therewith, all in the Counties of Surrey and Kent.

109. An Act for the better Protection of Property in the Borough of Liverpool from Fire.

110. An Act to enlarge the Powers granted by an Act of the Fourth Year of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting certain Powers to the British Iron Company, and to facilitate the Sale of the Estates and Properties belonging to the said Company.

