Local Acts passed in 1844, 7 & 8 Victoria c.1 - c.108.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1844.
---

1. An act to enable the Ribble Navigation Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and to enable the Owners of reclaimed Lands to pay a Sum in gross in lieu of the annual Rents.

2. An act to effectuate the Sale by the Bolton and Preston Railway Company of their Railway and other Property and Effects to the North Union Railway Company; to incorporate with such last-mentioned Company the Proprietors of the Bolton and Preston Railway; and to consolidate Shares into Stock.

3. An act to amend the several Acts relating to the Great Western, the Cheltenham and Great Western Union, and Oxford Railways; to amalgamate the Two last-mentioned Railways with the Great Western Railway; and to authorize the Formation of additional Works at Cheltenham by the Great Western Railway Company.

4. An act to amend and enlarge some of the Provisions of the Act authorizing the Construction of the Yarmouth and Norwich Railway, and to authorize the Construction of certain new Works in connexion therewith.

5. An act for making a Railway from the London and South-western Railway to Guildford in the County of Surrey.

6. An act for providing for the Liquidation of the Debt owing by the Charity Workhouse of the City of Edinburgh, for regulating the Assessment for Relief of the Poor of the said City, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

7. An act to amend an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, for abolishing certain Petty and Market Customs in the City of Edinburgh, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

8. An act for establishing a Market in the Town of Glossop in the County of Derby.

9. An act to amend the Powers and Provisions of an Act of the First Year of King William the Fourth, for making the River Waveney navigable for Ships and other Seaborne Vessels from Rosehall Fleet to the Mouth of Oulton Dyke, and for making and maintaining a navigable Cut from the said River into the said Dyke.

10. An act to alter and extend the Provisions of an Act for improving the Navigation of the River Severn.

11. An act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigations to borrow a further Sum of Money; and to extend and alter some of the Provisions of their present Acts.

12. An act for more effectually lighting with Gas the Borough and Parish of Rochdale in the County of Lancaster.

13. An act to amend and enlarge the Provisions of Two several Acts, for lighting with Gas the Town of Liverpool and certain Places adjacent thereto.

14. An act for regulating legal Proceedings by or against the Durham County Coal Company, and for other Purposes.

15. An act for making a Railway from Norwich to Brandon, with a Branch to Thetford.

16. An act for maintaining a Railway from the Manchester and Leeds Railway to Heywood; and for amending the Acts relating to the Manchester and Leeds Railway.

17. An act for enabling the Manchester and Birmingham Railway Company to vary the Line of their Branch Railway to Macclesfield, and to make another Branch therefrom; and for amending the former Acts relating to the said Company.

18. An act to consolidate the North Midland, Midland Counties, and Birmingham and Derby Junction Railways.

19. An act to rectify a Mistake as to the Proceedings on the Eastern Counties Railway Bill and the Eastern Counties Railway (Brandon and Peterborough Extension) Bill.

20. An act to authorize the letting on Lease to the Eastern Counties Railway Company of the Railways and Works of the Northern and Eastern Railway Company, and to give effect to certain Arrangements entered into by the said Companies, and to amend and enlarge some of the Provisions of the Acts relating to the first-named Company.

21. An act for vesting the Leeds and Selby Railway in the York and North Midland Railway Company, and for enabling that Company to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the Purchase of such Railway.

22. An act for making a Railway from Rampside and Barrow to Dalton, Lindale, and Kirkby Ireleth, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to be called "The Furness Railway."

23. An act to amend an Act for maintaining the Pier and Harbour of Newquay in the County of Cornwall, and to make certain Tram Roads in connection therewith.

24. An act for regulating, maintaining, and improving the Port of Padstow in the County of Cornwall, and the navigable Parts of the River Camel or Allen in the same County.

25. An act to enable the South-eastern Railway Company to make a Railway from the said South-eastern Railway near Ashford to the City of Canterbury and the Towns of Ramsgate and Margate, and to join the Canterbury and Whitstable Railway.

26. An act for enabling the Pontop and South Shields Railway Company to widen a Part of their Railway, and to make a Branch therefrom; and for other Purposes.

27. An act for authorizing the Sale of the Durham Junction Railway to the Newcastle and Darlington Junction Railway Company; and for enabling the said Company to make a Station at with a Bridge and Approaches, to connect the said last-mentioned Railway with the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne; and for other Purposes.

28. An act for making a Harbour and Dock near to Hartlepool in the County of Durham.

29. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of The ford in the Parish of Streatham in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge; and for draining and embanking certain Parts of the said Lands, and other Lands in the said Hamlet, and in other Parishes in the said Isle and County.

30. An act for granting certain Powers to "The New British Iron Company."

31. An act for enabling the Northern Coal Mining Company to raise Money for paying off existing Debts of the Company.

32. An act to authorize the Purchase of "Monk's Ferry" by the Commissioners for the Improvement of Birkenhead, Claughton-cum-Grange, and Part of Oxton, in the County of Chester, and for amending the Acts relating to the said Commissioners.

33. An act for opening certain Streets and otherwise improving the Town of Salford; and for amending an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, for better cleansing and improving the said Town of Salford in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

34. An act for making a Railway from the Town of Blackburn to the North Union Railway in the Township of Farrington near Preston, all in the County of Lancaster.

35. An act to enable the Northern and Eastern Railway Company to make certain Deviations in the Line of their Railway between Stortford and Newport; and to alter and amend the Acts relating to the said Railway.

36. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Maryport and Carlisle Railway, and for making certain Extensions and Branches connected therewith.

37. An act for making a Railway from the Lancaster and Preston Junction Railway at Lancaster to or near to the City of Carlisle.

38. An act for extending and amending some of the Powers and Provisions of the Act relating to "The Leeds New Gas Company."

39. An act to enable the Globe Insurance Company to alter and amend some of the Provisions of their Deed of Settlement.

40. An act for the good Government and Police Regulation of the Borough of Manchester.

41. An act for the Improvement of the Town of Manchester.

42. An act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parishes of Lakenheath and Brandon in the County of Suffolk.

43. An act to enable the President, Treasurers, Deputy Treasurers, Benefactors and Subscribers, of and to the Manchester Royal Infirmary, Dispensary, and Lunatic Hospital or Asylum to enlarge the said Infirmary, and to purchase and hold Land for the Erection of a new Lunatic Hospital or Asylum.

44. An act to amend an Act for altering and amending several Acts for the Improvement of the Harbour of Swansea in the County of Glamorgan.

45. An act for uniting the Sheffield Gas Light Companies.

46. An act to facilitate the Settlement of the Affairs of the British Iron Company.

47. An act to enlarge the Powers granted by an Act passed in the Second Session of the Fifth Year of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating legal Proceedings by or against the Cwm Celyn and Blaina Iron Company, and for granting certain Powers thereto.

48. An act for regulating legal Proceedings by or against "The European Life Insurance and Annuity Company," and for granting certain Powers thereto.

49. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Sidmouth to Collumpton, and also to or near to Hele Mill in the Parish of Bradninch, all in the County of Devon.

50. An act to amend Three Acts, for more effectually draining and preserving certain Marsh Lands or Low Grounds in the Counties of Kent and Sussex draining into the River Rother and Channel of Appledore.

51. An act to alter and amend an Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, for the better Protection of Property in the Borough of Liverpool from Fire.

52. An act to explain and amend the Acts incorporating the British Society for extending the Fisheries and improving the Sea Coasts of the Kingdom; for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Pulteney Town in the County of Caithness; and for lighting, cleansing, and improving the said Town, and better supplying the same with Water.

53. An act for amending certain Acts for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the City and Borough of Canterbury.

54. An act for improving the Marsh and other Common Lands, and extending Rights of Common and of Recreation, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton.

55. An act to amend the several Acts relating to the Preston and Wyre Railway, Harbour, and Dock Company.

56. An act for better supplying with Water the Parishes of Saint Michael, the Holy Trinity, and Saint John the Baptist, in the City of Coventry and County of Warwick.

57. An act for amending the Provisions of an Act for forming a Canal and other Works within and near certain Lands called the West Croft, in the Parish of Saint Mary in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham; and for making certain Improvements within the said Town.

58. An act to authorize an Extension of the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway, and to amend and enlarge the Provisions of the Acts relating to such Railway.

59. An act for making a Railway from Leeds to Bradford, with a Branch to the North Midland Railway.

60. An act for making a Railway from the Manchester and Bolton Railway in the Parish of Eccles to the Parish of Whalley, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to be called The Manchester, Bury, and Rossendale Railway.

61. An act for enabling the York and North Midland Railway Company to make a Railway from York to Scarborough, with a Branch to Pickering.

62. An act to enable the Eastern Counties Railway Company to make a Railway from the Northern and Eastern Railway at Newport, by Cambridge, to Ely, and from thence Eastward to Brandon and Westward to Peterborough.

63. An act to make a Branch Railway from the London and Southwestern Railway to Salisbury.

64. An act for making a Railway from the Town and Port of Whitehaven to the Town and Port of Maryport in the County of Cumberland.

65. An act for making a Railway from Chester to Holyhead.

66. An act for making a Railway from the City of Edinburgh to the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, with a Branch to the Town of Haddington.

67. An act for making a Railway from the Shoreham Branch of the London and Brighton Railway to Chichester.

68. An act for making a Railway from Exeter to Plymouth, to be called "The South Devon Railway."

69. An act to enable the South-eastern Railway Company to complete and maintain a Branch Railway and Approach to the Harbour of Folkestone, and to construct other Works in connexion with the said Harbour, and also to effect certain Alterations and Extensions of the Works of the Maidstone Branch of the said South-eastern Railway; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Company.

70. An act for making a Railway to connect the Edinburgh and Glasgow and Slamannan Railways.

71. An act for making a Junction Railway from the Eastern Counties Railway at Stratford in the County of Essex to the River Thames, with a Branch Railway therefrom; and for constructing a Pier in the River Thames.

72. An act for repairing, maintaining, and improving the Road from Flint Lane to Holmfrith, and thence to the Huddersfield and Woodhead Turnpike Road, and for making and maintaining a new Line of Road from the said Road at a Place called Bents to or near Dunford Bridge, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

73. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Market Harborough in the County of Leicester to the City of Coventry.

74. An act for uniting the York Gas Light Company and the York Union Gas Light Company, and for more effectually lighting with Gas the City of York and the Suburbs and Vicinity thereof, in the County of York.

75. An act for paving, lighting, draining, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of Southampton, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

76. An act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Coventry to make certain Improvements, to provide a Residence for the Judges during the Assizes in the said City, and to establish a Cemetery for the Dead near the said City.

77. An act for making a Landing Place at or near Hythe in the Parish of Fawley and extra-parochial Places adjoining thereto in the County of Southampton.

78. An act for authorizing the Newport Dock Company to raise further Monies, and to make Sale of the Docks and Works; and for amending certain Acts relating to the said Dock.

79. An act for constructing Tidal Basins, a Dock, and other Works at Birkenhead in the County of Chester and for other Purposes.

80. An act for enabling the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks to construct additional Wet Docks and other Works, and to raise a further Sum of Money; and for amending and extending the Acts relating to the Docks and Harbour of Liverpool.

81. An act to alter, explain, revive, and continue the Powers and Provisions of the Acts relating to the Edinburgh, Leith, and Newhaven Railway, and to make Two Branch Railways therefrom.

82. An act for making a Railway from the Manchester and Leeds Railway to the Towns of Ashton-under-Lyne and Staly Bridge.

83. An act to enable the Sheffield, and Manchester Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to Ashton-under-Lyne and Staly bridge; and to alter and enlarge the Powers of the said Company.

84. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Taff Vale Railway; to authorize the Alteration of certain Works thereby authorized, and the Formation of additional Works; and to enlarge the Powers of the Company.

85. An act for making a Railway from Colchester to Ipswich.

86. An act to amend the Acts relating to the London and Southwestern Railway, and to authorize an Extension of the said Railway and other Works at or near the Nine Elms Station.

87. An act to extend the Line of the Garnkirk and Glasgow Railway; to enable the Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and to alter and amend the Acts relating to the said Railway.

88. An act for making a Railway from Mellorn in the Parish of Minster to Black Rock in the Parish of Saint Michael in Saint Minver Lowlands in the County of Cornwall.

89. An act to remedy certain Defects in the Apportionment of the Rent-charge in lieu of Tithes in the Parish of Necton in the County of Norfolk.

90. An act to confirm and extend the Provisions of an Act of the Provincial Parliament of Canada, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, for incorporating the Fishery and Coal Mining Company.

91. An act for making a Railway from the London and Brighton Railway to Lewes and Hastings, with a Branch therefrom, all in the County of Sussex.

92. An act for making a Railway from the London and Croydon Railway at Croydon to Epsom.

93. An act for improving the Harbour and Quay of Wells in the County of Norfolk; and for extending and altering some of the Provisions of the Act relating to the said Harbour and Quay.

94. An act for lighting, paving, cleansing, widening, and improving the Streets of the Town or Parish of Wells in the County of Norfolk; for removing and preventing Nuisances therein; and for making new Streets or Roadways.

95. An act for incorporating the London Gas Light Company.

96. An act for regulating legal Proceedings by or against the Mariners and General Life Assurance Company, and for granting certain Powers to the said Company.

97. An act to continue and extend the Powers of "The London and Croydon Railway Company."

98. An act to alter, amend, enlarge, and in part repeal the Acts relating to the Wishaw and Coltness Railway.

99. An act for making a Railway from the River Dee in the County of the City of Chester to Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to be called "The North Wales Mineral Railway."

100. An act for making and maintaining a Railway from the City of Dublin to the Town of Cashel, with a Branch to the Town of Carlow.

101. An act for widening, repairing, and maintaining the Bridge of Ayr, commonly called the New Bridge, leading across the River of Ayr at the Royal Burgh or Town of Ayr in the County of Ayr; and for other Purposes in relation thereto.

102. An act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, regulating, and otherwise improving the Town and Borough of Swansea in the County of Glamorgan, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

103. An act for making new Docks, and other Works connected therewith, in addition to the present Docks at Kingston-upon-Hull; and for amending the Acts relating to such last-mentioned Docks.

104. An act for better lighting, paving, cleansing, watching, regulating, and improving the Town of Rochdale and the Environs thereof, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

105. An act for better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving Part of the Parish of Newchurch in the Isle of Wight, called Ventnor, and for establishing a Market therein.

106. An act for improving the Drainage and Navigation of the Middle Level of the Fens.

107. An act for the better supplying and lighting with Gas or other illuminating Power Parts of the Abbey Parish of Paisley, and certain Towns or Villages and Places adjacent; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

108. An act to authorize the Division of the Parish and Vicarage of Leeds in the County of York into several Parishes and Vicarages.

