Local Acts passed in 1845, 8 & 9 Victoria c.1 - c.204.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1845.
---

1. An act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to raise a Sum of Money at a reduced Rate of Interest, to pay off the Monies now charged on the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of several Acts for improving the Navigation of the River Thames Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London; and to amend some of the said Acts.

2. An act for uniting the Birmingham and Liverpool Junction Canal Navigation Company with the Ellesmere and Chester Canal Company.

3. An act for altering and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the Acts relating to the Forth and Clyde Navigation.

4. An act for the Construction of a Dock, Wharf, Walls, and other Works, by the Birkenhead Dock Commissioners at Birkenhead in the County of Chester.

5. An act for amending the Acts relating to the Docks at Kingston-upon-Hull, and for enlarging one of the said Docks.

6. An act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Parish of Wallasey in the County of Chester; and for establishing a Police, and also a Market, within the said Parish; and for other Purposes.

7. An act to incorporate the Members of the Institution called "The London Orphan Asylum," and to enable them the better to carry on their charitable Designs.

8. An act to enable the Corporation of the Amicable Society for a perpetual Assurance Office to lend Money upon Mortgage for the Purpose of Investment, and also to confer other Powers upon the said Society.

9. An act for repairing the Road from the South End of Sparrows Herne on Bushey Heathy through Watford, Berkhampstead Saint Peter, and Tring, in the County of Hertford, into the Town of Aylesbury in the County of Buckingham.

10. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Stourport, at or near to Stanford Bridge in the Parish of Stanford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Clifton to Worcester at or near to Ham Bridge in the Parish of Clifton-on-Teme in the County of Worcester.

11. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Docks and Harbour of Liverpool.

12. An act to alter the Provisions of an Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Bradford and the Neighbourhood thereof, within the Parish of Bradford in the West Riding of the County of York.

13. An act for abolishing the Sunday Toll authorized by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for paving the Streets and Lanes in the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the same, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for altering and amending the same Act; and for other Purposes.

14. An act for completing the Line of the Glasgow, Parkhead, and Woodend Turnpike Roads, for incorporating the same with the Roads under the Charge of the Glasgow and Shotts Road Trustees, and for the further Improvement and Maintenance of the said several Roads.

15. An act for the better paving, lighting, and improving the Borough of Chester, and for establishing new Market Places therein.

16. An act for establishing a Market in the Town and Borough of Stoke-upon- Trent in the County of Stafford.

17. An act for amending the Acts relating to the Street leading to Clerkenwell Green; and for extending such Street, and making new Streets out of the same.

18. An act for the better lighting the Town and Suburbs of Paisley with Gas.

19. An act for granting more effectual Powers for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and certain Places adjacent thereto, in the County of Nottingham.

20. An act to authorize the Erection of Sea Walls and Works, and a Jetty, at the Town or Parish of Cromer in the County of Norfolk, and otherwise to provide for protecting the said Town and Parish from the further Encroachment of the Sea.

21. An act for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor and other Bates in the Parish of Battersea in the County of Surrey.

22. An act to carry into effect an Arrangement between the Corporation of the Royal Naval School and the Committee for managing the Patriotic Fund for the Admission of Pupils into the said School.

23. An act to alter and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the Acts for making a Dock or Docks at Southampton.

24. An act to amend the Acts for building a Bridge over the River Avon, from Clifton to the opposite Side of the River in the County of Somerset.

25. An act for improving and maintaining the Harbour or Port of Boddam in the County of Aberdeen.

26. An act for enabling William Jackson Esquire to build and maintain a new Church in the Township of Claughton-cum-Grange in the County of Chester.

27. An act for enabling William Potter Esquire to build and maintain a new Church in the Township of Claughton-cum-Grange in the County of Chester.

28. An act to enable the North British Insurance Company to purchase Annuities, to take and hold Property, and to invest Money and Stock upon Mortgage; and for other Purposes relating to the said Company.

29. An act for the better Regulation and Management and for the Extension of the Slaughter Houses and Market Accommodation in the City of Glasgow; and for other Purposes in relation thereto.

30. An act for repairing certain Roads between Stokenchurch and the Borough of New Woodstock in the County of Oxford, and several other Roads communicating therewith.

31. An act to enable the Glasgow, Garnkirk, and Coatbridge Railway Company to improve the Gauge of their Rails.

32. An act for making a Railway from the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway to Birthwaite in the Parish of Windermere, to be called "The Kendal and Windermere Railway."

33. An act for completing the Line of the Chester and Holyhead Railway, and for amending the Act relating to the said Railway.

34. An act for enabling the York and North Midland Railway Company to alter the Line of the York and Scarborough Railway near the City of York.

35. An act for extending the Manchester, Bury, and Rossendale Railway to the Towns of Blackburn, Burnley, Accrington, and Colne.

36. An act for making a Railway from Leeds by Dewsbury to Huddersfield, all in the West Riding of the County of York, and for improving the Communication by Railway between the Towns of Leeds and Huddersfield and the Town of Manchester.

37. An act for making a Railway from the Town of Dunstable to join the London and Birmingham Railway near Leighton Buzzard in the County of Bedford.

38. An act for enabling the Leeds and Bradford Railway Company to make a Railway from Shipley to Colne, with a Branch to Haworth.

39. An act for making a Railway from Huddersfield in the West Riding of the County of York to or near Penistone in the same Riding, there to form a Junction with the Sheffield, Ashton-under-Lyne, and Manchester Railway, to be called "The Huddersfield and Sheffield Junction Railway."

40. An act for making a Railway from the Great Western Railway at or near Beading to the Towns of Newbury and Hungerford, and also to join the South-western Railway at or near Basingstoke.

41. An act for the Consolidation of the Yarmouth and Norwich and Norwich and Brandon Railway Companies, and for authorizing the Construction of certain Works at Norwich in connexion with the Yarmouth and Norwich Railway.

42. An act for making a Railway from Shrewsbury in the County of Salop to Ruabon in the County of Denbigh, to be called "The Shrewsbury, Oswestry, and Chester Junction Railway."

43. An act for making a Railway from the Town of Bedford to join the London and Birmingham Railway near Bletchley in the County of Buckingham.

44. An act for making a Railway from Blackburn to Bolton in the County of Lancaster, to be called "The Blackburn, Darwen, and Bolton Railway."

45. An act for making a Railway from Lowestoft in the County of Suffolk to the Yarmouth and Norwich Railway at Reedham in the County of Norfolk, and for improving the Harbour of Lowestoft.

46. An act to enable the Monkland and Kirkintilloch Railway Company to improve the Gauge of their Rails.

47. An act to authorize the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and North Shields Railway Company to make a Railway from North Shields to the Village of Tynemouth, and also a Branch from the present Line to the public Quay adjoining the River Tyne at Newcastle.

48. An act for making a Railway from Ely to Huntingdon.

49. An act to empower the Midland Railway Company to extend the said Railway from Nottingham to Newark and Lincoln.

50. An act for making a Railway from a Place in the Parish of Bole in the County of Nottingham, near to the Town and Port of Gainsborough, to the Town and Port of Great Grimsby in the Parts of Lindsey in the County of Lincoln, with Branches to the District or Place called New Holland, and to the Town of Market Rasen, to be called "The Great Grimsby and Sheffield Junction Railway."

51. An act for making a Branch Railway from the Hull and Selby Railway to Bridlington, and for other Purposes relating to the Hull and Selby Railway.

52. An act to enable the Brighton, Lewes, and Hastings Railway Company to make a Branch Railway from Southover, Lewes, to join the London and Brighton Railway at Keymer.

53. An act for making a Railway from the Great Western Railway to the City of Salisbury and Town of Weymouth, with other Railways in connexion therewith, to be called "The Wilts, Somerset, and Weymouth Railway."

54. An act for amending the Acts relating to the Manchester and Leeds Railway, and for making a Branch therefrom to Burnley, and for extending the Oldham and Heywood Branches.

55. An act for making a Railway from Lynn to Ely, with Branches therefrom.

56. An act to empower the Midland Railway Company to make a Branch from the said Railway near Syston in the County of Leicester to the City of Peterborough.

57. An act for authorizing the Sale of the Whitby and Pickering Railway to the York and North Midland Railway Company, and for enabling the said Company to make certain Deviations or Alterations in the Line of the Whitby and Pickering Railway.

58. An act for enabling the York and North Midland Railway Company to make a Branch Railway from the Line of the York and Scarborough Railway, in the Township of Seamer, to Bridlington.

59. An act for amending an Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third relating to the Port of Newcastle-upon-Tyne; and for granting further Powers and for establishing and maintaining an efficient River Police, and for regulating the said Port.

50. An act for constructing Docks, Walls, Warehouses, and other Works in Birkenhead.

61. An act for constructing Docks at Wexford, to be called "The Castle Hill Docks," and for the Regulation and Management thereof.

62. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Hungerford and Lambeth Suspension Foot Bridge Company, hereafter to be called "The Charing Cross Bridge Company," and for granting further Powers to the said Company.

63. An act for better supplying with Gas the Township of Pudsey and the Village of Parsley, and the Neighbourhood thereof, all in the Parish of Calverley in the West Riding of the County of York.

64. An act for better supplying with Gas the Borough of Devonport.

65. An act for better supplying with Gas the Town and Neighbourhood of Plymouth.

66. An act to enlarge the Powers of the Birmingham and Staffordshire Gas Light Company.

67. An act for better supplying with Gas the Town and Neighbourhood of Taunton in the County of Somerset.

68. An act for better supplying with Water the Towns of Scarborough and Falsgrave in the Parish of Scarborough in the County of York.

69. An act for uniting the Vauxhall and Southwark Water Companies into One Company, to be called The Southwark and Vauxhall Water Company, and for extending the Works of the said Company.

70. An act to alter, enlarge, and amend an Act for supplying with Water the Town and Neighbourhood of Huddersfield in the West Riding of the County of York.

70. An act for supplying the Borough and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne and the Borough of Gateshead in the County of Durham, and the Neighbourhoods thereof, with Water, from Whittle Dean in the Parish of Ovingham, and other Places in Northumberland.

72. An act to enable the Shows Water Joint Stock Company to increase the Supply of Water for driving Mills and Machinery near the Town of Greenock, and for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Harbours thereof.

73. An act to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Port of Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

74. An act for better assessing and collecting the Poor Rates, Highway Rates, and Church Rates in the Parish of Hemel Hempsted in the County of Hertford.

75. An act to alter and extend some of the Provisions contained in the Act of Parliament constituting "The Standard Life Assurance Company."

76. An act for conferring on the Edinburgh Life Assurance Company certain Privileges of a Corporate Body, and as such to sue and be sued, to hold Property, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

77. An act for amending the Act establishing "The West of London and Westminster Cemetery Company;" and for enabling the Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

78. An act to enable the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of Watermen and Lightermen of the River Thames to invest their Poor's Fund and the Endowment Fund of the Free Watermen and Lightermen's Asylum in the Purchase of Land or on Mortgage, and to hold Lands for the Purposes of the said Funds.

79. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Crediton in the County of Devon, and other Places in the same County.

80. An act to authorize the London and Greenwich Railway Company to let on Lease the London and Greenwich Railway, and for amending the Acts relating to such Railway.

81. An act for making a Railway from Belfast to Ballymena in the County of Antrim, with Branches to Carrickfergus and Randalstown.

82. An act to empower the North British Railway Company to purchase the Edinburgh and Dalkeith Railway, and to alter Part of the Line of the said Railway and of the North British Railway, and to construct certain Branch Railways in connexion therewith.

83. An act to enable the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway Company to alter the Line of such Railway, and to make a Branch therefrom; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

84. An act for enabling the York and North Midland Railway Company to make a Railway from the Line of the York and North Midland Railway to Harrogate.

85. An act for making a Railway from the Eastern Counties and Thames Junction Railway, near the Mouth of the River Lea, to North Woolwich.

86. An act for authorizing the Sale of the Guildford Junction Railway.

87. An act for making a Railway from Waterford to Kilkenny, with a Branch to Kells, in the County of Kilkenny.

88. An act for making a Railway from Exeter to Crediton in the County of Devon.

89. An act for improving the Navigation of the River and Bay leading to the Borough of Bridgwater; for maintaining the present Bridge, and extending the Quays within the Borough; and for forming a Communication by Road and by Railway between the Quays and the Bristol and Exeter Railway.

90. An act for authorizing the Consolidation of the Sheffield and Rotherham Railway with the Midland Railways, and for making a Branch Railway from and other Works in connexion with the said Sheffield and Rotherham Railway.

91. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway; and to authorize the Formation of additional Branches.

92. An act for enabling the Newcastle and Darlington Junction Railway Company to purchase the Brandling Junction Railway; and to enable the said Company to make certain Branch Railways, Stations, and Works; and for other Purposes.

93. An act for making a Railway from Southampton to Dorchester, with a Branch to the Town of Poole.

94. An act to amend the Act relating to the Eastern Union Railway Company, and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purposes of the said Undertaking.

95. An act to authorize an Extension of the Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock, and Ayr Railway to near Cumnock; and to amend the Acts relating to such Railway.

96. An act for effecting a Railway Communication between Dundalk and Enniskillen.

97. An act for making a Railway from the Eastern Union Railway at Ipswich to Bury Saint Edmunds.

98. An act for making a Railway from Londonderry to Enniskillen.

99. An act to authorize the Chester and Birkenhead Railway Company to extend the said Railway from Grange Lane to Bridge End, all in Birkenhead; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Railway.

100. An act for making a Railway from Whitehaven in the County of Cumberland to a Point of Junction with the Furness Railway in the Parish of Dalton in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to be called "The Whitehaven and Furness Junction Railway."

101. An act for amending the Act relating to the Manchester, Bury, and Rossendale Railway.

102. An act to enable the Great North of England Railway Company to make a Branch Railway, to be called "The Great North of England and Richmond Railway," in the County of York.

103. An act for altering the Line of the Blackburn and Preston Railway; and for amending the Act relating thereto.

104. An act for making a Railway from Leeds to Thirsk, with Branches therefrom.

105. An act for making a Railway from the Sheffield, Ashton-under-Lyne, and Manchester Railway at Stalybridge to the Manchester and Leeds Railway at Kirkheaton, with a Branch therefrom; and for consolidating into One Undertaking the said proposed Railway and the Huddersfield Canal Navigation.

106. An act for making and maintaining a Railway from Perth Dyllaen in the Parish of Edern to Bangor in the County of Carnarvon, to be called "The North Wales Railway."

107. An act to amend the Act relating to the Taw Vale Railway and Dock.

108. An act for making a Railway to connect the Manchester and Birmingham, and Sheffield, Ashton-under-Lyne, and Manchester Railways, near Guides Bridge; and for other Purposes connected with the said Manchester and Birmingham Railway.

109. An act for amending the Act relating to the Ashton, Stalybridge, and Liverpool Junction Railway, and for making a Branch therefrom to Ardwick.

110. An act to enable the Eastern Counties Railway Company to make a Deviation from the Line of their authorized Railway between Ely and Peterborough.

111. An act for making a Railway to connect the Manchester and Birmingham and Liverpool and Manchester Railways in the Parish of Manchester, and also to Altrincham in the County of Chester, to be called "The Manchester South Junction and Altrincham Railway."

112. An act for making a Railway from Stafford to Rugby.

113. An act for making a Branch Railway from the London and Brighton Railway to or near to the Town of Horsham in the County of Sussex.

114. An act to amend the Act relating to the Ulster Railway Company; and to enable the said Company to make a Railway from Portadown to Armagh.

115. An act to authorize the North Wales Mineral Railway Company to extend their Line to Ruabon, and to make a Branch Railway from Rhos Robin to Minera, and to raise additional Capital for those Purposes.

116. An act for enabling the North Union Railway Company and the Ribble Navigation Company to make a Branch or Connexion Railway from the North Union Railway to the Victoria Quay in Preston; and for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to such Railway and Navigation respectively.

117. An act for uniting the Sankey Brook Navigation with the Saint Helens and Runcorn Gap Railway; and for other Purposes.

118. An act for enabling the Great North of England, Clarence, and Hartlepool Junction Railway Company to make a Branch Railway; and for amending the Acts relating to the said Railway.

119. An act for making a Railway from Dublin to Mullingar and Longford, to be called "The Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland."

120. An act for making a Railway from the Market Town of Cockermouth to the Port and Harbour of Workington in the County of Cumberland.

121. An act for making a Railway from Richmond in the County of Surrey to the Southwestern Railway at Battersea in the same County, to be called "The Richmond Railway, "

122. An act for making a Railway from Cork to Bandon.

123. An act for enabling the Liverpool and Manchester Railway Company to extend and enlarge the said Railway, and to make certain Branch Railways, and for amending and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts relating to the said Railway.

124. An act to authorize the Extension of the Great Southern and Western Railway to the City of Cork, with a Branch Railway to the City of Limerick.

125. An act to amend the several Acts relating to the Preston and Wyre Railway, Harbour, and Dock Company; and to enable the said Company to make Three several Branch Railways.

126. An act for making a Railway from Lynn to East Dereham.

127. An act for making a Railway from Middlesbro' to or near the Town of Redcar in the North Riding of the County of York, to be called "The Middlesbro' and Redcar Railway."

128. An act to enable the Dublin and Drogheda Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to Howth; and to amend the Acts relating to such Company.

129. An act for making a Railway from the Town of Newry to the Town of Enniskillen.

130. An act for making a Railway from Drogheda to Portadown, with a Branch to Navan.

131. An act for making and maintaining a Railway from the City of Waterford to the City of Limerick, with Branches.

132. An act for lighting with Gas the Town and Township of Glossop in the County of Derby.

133. An act for consolidating the Management of the Bridges over the Clyde at Glasgow; for rebuilding the Bridge over the said River opposite Stockwell Street in the City of Glasgow; for erecting a temporary Bridge for the Use of the Public; for erecting across the said River an Iron Bridge for Foot Passengers, on the existing Bridge opposite to Portland Street of Laurieston being taken down; and other Purposes.

134. An act for improving the Markets in the Borough and Town of Totnes in the County of Devon, and for better supplying the Borough with Water.

135. An act for better supplying with Water the Town of Wolverhampton in the County of Stafford.

136. An act for making Two new Streets, with Improvements and Waterworks, within the Town of Lyme Regis in the County of Dorset, and for watching and lighting the said Town.

137. An act for supplying with Water the Royal Burgh of Dundee and Suburbs thereof.

138. An act for better supplying with Water the Town and Township of Blackburn in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

139. An act for amending the Acts relative to the improving of the Pier and Port of Hartlepool in the County of Durham.

140. An act for making and maintaining Reservoirs in the Parish of Kendal in the County of Westmorland.

141. An act to effect Improvements in the Borough of Manchester for the Purpose of promoting the Health of the Inhabitants thereof.

142. An act for the Improvement of the Borough of Belfast.

143. An act for better paving, lighting, cleansing, regulating, and improving the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea (exclusive of the District of Hans Town) in the County of Middlesex.

144. An act to make Provision for the Payment of the Debts of the Mayor, Jurats, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Borough of Quinborowe in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes.

145. An act for more effectually constituting and regulating the Court of Record within the Borough of Manchester, and for extending the Jurisdiction of the said Court.

146. An act for regulating legal Proceeding by and against "The Reversionary Interest Society," and for granting certain Powers to the said Society.

147. An act to facilitate the winding up of the Affairs of the Agricultural and Commercial Bank of Ireland.

148. An act for altering and amending certain Acts relating to the Forth and Clyde Navigation and the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal, and for forming a Junction between the said Navigation and Canal.

149. An act to amend an Act for draining the Low Grounds and Cars in the Parish of Keyingham and other Places in the East Riding of the County of York.

150. An act for making and maintaining in repair a complete Line of Turnpike Road from Shepley Lane Head to the Barnesley and Grange Moor Turnpike Road at or near Redbrooke Plantation in the Parish of Darton, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

151. An act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Harwell to Streatley in the County of Berks.

152. An act for making a Railway, to be called "The Wear Valley Railway," from and out of the Bishop Auckland and Weardale Railway to Frosterley, with a Branch terminating at or near Bishopley Crag in Stanhope in Weardale, all in the County of Durham.

153. An act for making a Railway from Aberdeen to Friockheim and Guthrie, with Branch Lines to Montrose and Brechin, to be called "The Aberdeen Railway."

154. An act for altering the Line of the Norwich and Brandon Railway, and for making a Branch therefrom to East Dereham in the County of Norfolk.

155. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Bristol and Exeter Railway, and to authorize the Formation of a Junction Railway and several Branch Railways connected with the same.

156. An act for enabling the London and Birmingham Railway Company to take a Lease of the West London Railway.

157. An act for making a Railway from the Royal Burgh of Dundee in the County of Forfar to the Royal Burgh or City of Perth in the County of Perth, to be called "The Dundee and Perth Railway."

158. An act for making a Railway from Burntisland in the County of Fife to the City of Perth, with certain Branches therefrom, to be called "The Edinburgh and Northern Railway."

159. An act for making a Railway from the Taff Vale Railway near Ynys Meyrick to Aberdare, with a Branch therefrom, to be called "The Aberdare Railway."

160. An act for making a Railway from the Termination of the Polloc and Govan Railway at Rutherglen to Hamilton, and to the Wishaw and Coltness Railway at Motherwell, to be called "The Clydesdale Junction Railway."

161. An act for making a Railway from the City of Perth, by Stirling, to the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway, to be called The Scottish Central Railway.

162. An act for making a Railway from Carlisle to Edinburgh and Glasgow and the North of Scotland, to be called "The Caledonian Railway."

163. An act for making a Railway from Newcastle-upon-Tyne to Berwick-upon-Tweed, with Branches therefrom, to be called "The Newcastle and Berwick Railway."

164. An act for making a Railway from the Edinburgh and Hawick Railway to the Town of Hawick in the County of Roxburgh.

165. An act to amend the Acts relating to the London and South-western Railway, and to authorize Extensions thereof from the Nine Elms Terminus to a Point near to Waterloo and Hungerford Bridges in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, and to the Thames at Nine Elms in the Parish of Battersea, all in the County of Surrey.

166. An act for making a Railway from Liverpool to Wigan, Bolton, and Bury, with several Branches therefrom.

167. An act to enable the South-eastern Railway Company to make or complete a Branch Railway from the South-eastern Railway at Tunbridge to Tunbridge Wells.

168. An act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal to raise a further Sum of Money; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Company; and to enable the said Company to widen, extend, and maintain a Railway from Gravesend to Rochester.

169. An act to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the Monmouthshire Canal Navigation to make a Railway from Newport to Ponty Pool; and to enlarge the Powers of the several Acts relating to the said Company.

170. An act for making a Railway from the City or Royal Burgh of Perth to or near to the Town or Royal Burgh of Forfar.

171. An act to enable the Manchester and Leeds Railway Company to raise an additional Sum of Money; and to amend the several Acts relating to the said Company.

172. An act for making a Railway from the Manchester and Leeds Railway at Wakefield to the Towns of Pontefract and Goole, with certain Branches therefrom.

173. An act for deepening, regulating, and otherwise improving Falmouth Harbour in the County of Cornwall, and for forming Basins, Docks, and other Works in Penryn Creek in the aforesaid Harbour; and for other Purposes.

174. An act to alter and amend some of the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Cromford Canal.

175. An act for better supplying with Water the Town and Parish of Sheffield in the County of York; and for amending the Act relating thereto.

176. An act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, regulating, and otherwise improving the Town of Saint Helens in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for establishing and regulating a Market therein.

177. An act for more effectually paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey in the County of Surrey.

178. An act for improving Parts of the City of Westminster.

179. An act for embanking and reclaiming from the Sea certain Lands now under Water or subject to be overflowed by the Tide in the Lake, Lough, or Estuary called Tacumshin otherwise Tacumshin Lake, in the County of Wexford.

180. An act for extinguishing Garden Pennies, Small Tithes, and Easter Offerings within the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green in the County of Middlesex, and for providing a Fund for the Payment of the Stipend of the Rector of the said Parish.

181. An act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of the present Session relating to the Leeds and Bradford Railway.

182. An act for making a Railway to be called "The Glasgow Junction Railway," with Branches.

183. An act to enable the Birmingham and Gloucester Railway Company to make Extension Lines at Gloucester, a Branch at Stoke Prior, and a Junction with the Midland Railway at Aston juxta Birmingham.

184. An act for making a Railway from Oxford to Worcester and Wolverhampton.

185. An act to amend the Acts relating to the London and Southwestern Railway; and to authorize the London and South-western Railway Company to buy, and the Guildford Junction Railway Company to sell, the Guildford Junction Railway.

186. An act to enable the South-eastern Railway Company to widen certain Parts of the London and Greenwich Railway.

187. An act for making a Railway from Londonderry to Coleraine, with a Branch to Newtown Limavady.

188. An act for making a Railway from the City of Oxford to the Town of Rugby.

189. An act for making a Railway from the Midland Railway in the Parish of Sawley in the County of Derby to the Parish of Alfreton in the same County, together with several Branch Railways communicating therewith, to be called "The Erewash Valley Railway."

190. An act for making a Railway to be called "The South Wales Railway."

191. An act for making a Railway from Monmouth to Hereford, with Branches therefrom to Westbury, and to join the Forest of Dean Railway.

192. An act for making a Railway from Glasgow to Crofthead near the Town or Village of Neilston, to be called "The Glasgow, Barrhead, and Neilston Direct Railway."

193. An act to amend the Acts for regulating the Pipe Water of the City of Dublin, and to enable the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of the City of Dublin to extend the Supply of Pipe Water to the several Parishes or Portion of Parishes situate in the City and County of Dublin, and adjoining to the Borough of the said City of Dublin, but outside the Boundary thereof.

194. An act for lighting, draining, cleansing, and improving the Hamlets or Liberties of Duddeston and Nechells in the Parish of Aston near Birmingham in the County of Warwick.

195. An act for more effectually maintaining, improving, and repairing the Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and certain Roads communicating therewith.

196. An act to enable the London and Croydon Railway Company to widen and improve the London and Croydon Railway, and also a Portion of the London and Greenwich Railway.

197. An act to enable the South-eastern Railway Company to alter and extend the Canterbury, Ramsgate, and Margate Branch of the said South-eastern Railway, and to make a Branch therefrom to Deal, and to purchase the Canterbury and Whitstable Railway; and for other Purposes connected with the said Railway.

198. An act for consolidating the Bolton and Leigh, the Kenyon and Leigh Junction, the Liverpool and Manchester, and the Grand Junction Railway Companies.

199. An act for making a Railway from the Brighton and Chichester Railway to Portsmouth, with a Branch to Fareham.

200. An act to enable the Brighton, Lewes, and Hastings Railway Company to make a Railway from Bulverhithe in the County of Sussex to Ashford in the County of Kent

201. An act for enabling the Eastern Counties Railway Company to make a Railway from Cambridge to Huntingdon.

202. An act for making additional Docks and other Works at the Haven of the Town and Port of Great Grimsby; and for amending the Acts relating to the said Haven.

203. An act for making a Railway from the London and Blackwall Railway at Stepney to the Eastern Counties Railway.

204. An act for removing Doubts relating to the Collection of certain Portions of the Borough Rates of the City and County of Bristol.

