Local Acts passed in 1846, 9 & 10 Victoria c.1 - c.402.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1846.
---

1. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Downpatrick in the County of Down.

2. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Parish of Radcliff and the Township of Pilkington, or Parts thereof, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

3. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor Rates, Lighting and Watching and Church Rates, in the Parish of Aylesbury, and the Highway Rates in the Township of Aylesbury and Hamlet of Walton respectively, in the County of Buckingham.

4. An Act for granting more effectual Powers for lighting with Gas the Town of Bury and the Neighbourhood thereof in the Parish of Bury in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

5. An Act to enable the United Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere and Chester Canal to raise a further Sum of Money.

6. An Act for building a Bridge across the River Medway at Rochester in the County of Kent, with Approaches thereto; for taking down the present Bridge; and for amending the Acts relating to the same.

7. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining certain Roads leading from the Borough of New Woodstock to Rollright Lane, and other Roads connected therewith, in the County of Oxford.

8. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Middleton and its Vicinity in the County of Lancaster.

9. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Willingham in the County of Cambridge, and for draining and embanking certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the said Parish.

10. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Manchester and Salford Waterworks to raise a further Sum of Money.

11. An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts passed in relation to the Monkland Navigation.

12. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the Enfield Chase Road to make a Deviation or Alteration of the said Road from a Point near the Sixteenth Milestone in the Parish of North Mims to the Town of Hatfield in the County of Hertford.

13. An Act for constructing a Wet Dock and other Works on the South Side of the River Wear at Sunder land-near-the-Sea in the County Palatine of Durham.

14. An Act to amend and enlarge some of the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Great Western Railway Company, and to confirm the Purchase of certain Railways by the said Company.

15. An Act for enabling the Taunton Gas Light and Coke Company, incorporated by the Taunton Gas Act, 1845, to borrow additional Money for the Purposes of the Company, and for confirming a Purchase made by them; and for other Purposes.

16. An Act for improving and maintaining the Port and Harbour of Helensburgh in the County of Dumbarton.

17. An Act for better supplying with Water the City and Neighbourhood of York.

18. An Act to incorporate the Members of the Most Honourable and Loyal Society of Ancient Britons, commonly called The Welsh Charity School, and to enable them the better to carry on their charitable Designs.

19. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town and Environs of Boston in the County of Lincoln.

20. An Act for establishing a Cemetery at Birmingham in the County of Warwick.

21. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Glasgow Waterworks to introduce an additional Supply of Water to the City and Suburbs of Glasgow.

22. An Act for providing an enlarged Site for rebuilding the Coal Market in the City of London, and for widening the Avenues in the Vicinity thereof, and for effecting other Improvements in the said City.

23. An Act for enabling the Parliamentary Trustees on the River Clyde and Harbour of Glasgow to acquire a Portion of the Lands of Stobcross and adjacent Grounds, and to construct thereon a Wet Dock or Tidal Basin, with certain additional Wharfs and other Works.

24. An Act for improving and maintaining the Harbour or Port of Sligo in the County of Sligo.

25. An Act for constructing a Pier, and forming necessary Approaches thereto, in the Parish of Weston-super-Mare in the County of Somerset.

26. An Act for amending certain Acts of the Forty-third and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, relating to the Port and Harbour of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton.

27. An Act for establishing a general Cemetery for the Interment of the Dead in the Neighbourhood of the Towns or Plymouth, Devonport, and Stonehouse, in the County of Devon.

28. An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the several Acts relating to the Improvement of Birkenhead, Claughton-cum-Grange, and Part of Oxton, in the County of Chester.

29. An Act for improving the Borough of Leicester.

30. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, watering, cleansing, regulating, and otherwise improving the Town of Southport in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for establishing and regulating a Market and Market Places therein.

31. An Act for extending the Limits of the Burgh of Helensburgh in the County of Dumbarton, for lighting and cleansing the same, for establishing a Police therein, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

32. An Act to erect and constitute the Parishes of Old and New Monkland, and Parts of the Parishes of Bothwell and Shotts, in the County of Lanark, into One Police District, for the Establishment of an efficient Police Force therein, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

33. An Act for incorporating the Gravesend and Milton Waterworks Company, and for more effectually supplying the Inhabitants of the Town and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton-next-Gravesend and the Parish of Northfleet in the County of Kent with Water.

34. An Act for granting more effectual Powers for supplying with Water the Town of Bury, and the several Townships of Walmersley-cum-Shuttleworth, Bury, and Elton, all in the Parish of Bury in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

35. An Act to amend the Provisions of Two several Acts passed in the Third and Eighth Years of His Majesty King George the Fourth, for supplying with Water the Town of, Liverpool and Harrington and Toxteth Park in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

36. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town and Borough of Sunderland, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Durham.

37. An Act for better supplying with Gas the Town and Borough of Sunderland, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Durham.

38. An Act for incorporating the Rotherham Gas Light and Coke Company, and for better supplying the Parish of Rotherham in the West Riding of the County of York with Gas.

39. An Act to enable the Bilston Gas Light and Coke Company to light with Gas the Town of Bilston, and certain other Townships, Parishes, and Places, in the County of Stafford.

40. An Act for better supplying with Gas the Townships of Bilton with Harrogate and Pannal, and certain Parts of the Townships of Knaresborough and Scriven with Tentergate, adjacent thereto or intermixed therewith, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

41. An Act for constructing and maintaining an Arcade between Argyle Street and Great Clyde Street in the City of Glasgow, to be called "The Union Arcade," and for altering the Site of an intended Foot Passenger Bridge across the Clyde at Glasgow.

42. An Act for the better and more effectual ascertaining, assessing, collecting, and levying the Poor Rate, and all other Rates and Assessments, in the Parish of Carshalton in the County of Surrey, and for the better Management of the Business and Affairs of the said Parish; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

43. An Act to incorporate the Members of the Institution called "The Royal Asylum of the Saint Ann's Society," and to enable them the better to carry on their charitable Designs.

44. An Act for forming and regulating "The Electric Telegraph Company," and to enable the said Company to work certain Letters Patents.

45. An Act for incorporating the "Caledonian Insurance Company for enabling the said Company to sue and be sued, to take and to hold Property; for confirming the Rules and Regulations of the said Company; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

46. An Act for maintaining the Road from Deanburn in the County of Haddington, through Greenlaw in the County of Berwick, to Cornhill in the County of Durham, with Branches from Carfrae Mill through Lauder, from Orange Lane to Swinton, and from Coldstream to Mount Pleasant, all in the County of Berwick; and for maintaining the Bridge over the River Tweed at Coldstream.

47. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, for repairing and maintaining the Road from Whiteburn, upon the Turnpike Road from Edinburgh to Greenlaw, passing through Thomydike and Westruther to Choicelee, upon the Turnpike Road from Greenlaw to Dunse, all in the County of Berwick.

48. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for maintaining and regulating the Market in the Parish of Sidmouth in the County of Devon.

49. An Act for more effectually supplying Water to the Inhabitants of the Town of Bolton, and several Townships and Places adjoining or near thereto, in the County of Lancaster.

50. An Act for the better supplying with Gas the Royal Burgh of Dundee, Suburbs thereof, and Places adjacent, in the County of Forfar.

51. An Act to authorize certain Alterations in the Line of the Syston and Peterborough Branch of the Midland Railway, and the Formation of certain other Branch Railways in connexion therewith.

52. An Act for making a Railway from Maldon, through fVitham, to Braintree, all in the County of Essex.

53. An Act for making a Railway from the Eastern Union Railway in the Parish of Bentley to the Town of Hadleigh, all in the County of Suffolk, to be called "The Eastern Union and Hadleigh Junction Railway."

54. An Act for making a Branch Railway from the London and Brighton Railway to or near to the Town of East Grinstead in the County of Sussex.

55. An Act to enable the South-eastern Railway Company to make and maintain a Railway from the Town of Rye to the Mouth of Rye Harbour.

56. An Act to enable the South-eastern Railway Company to construct an additional Station at Ashford in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes.

57. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of the Acts relating to the Edinburgh, Leith, and Granton Railway.

58. An Act for enabling the Newcastle and Darlington Junction Railway Company to make a Railway from or near Thirsk to Malton, with a Branch to Hemsley.

59. An Act for enabling the York and North Midland Railway Company to extend the Line of the Whitby and Pickering Railway to or near Castleton.

60. An Act to enable the Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock, and Ayr Railway Company to alter their Line near Kilmarnock, and to make Branches to Linwood, Swinlees, and the Kilmarnock and Troon Railway.

61. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock, and Ayr Railway; and to authorize the Formation of Branches from Busby to Irvine, and from Irvine to the Harbour thereof, with a subsidiary Branch to Perceton Coalworks.

62. An Act to enable the Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock, and Ayr Railway Company to make a Branch from their Railway near Blair to Strathaven; and to amend the Acts relating to such Railway.

63. An Act for making Railways from the Brighton, Lewes, and Hastings Railway to Eastbourne, to Hailsham, and to Seaford and Newhaven, and certain Deviations from the Line of the said Railway, all in the County of Sussex.

64. An Act to authorize the South-eastern Railway Company to make a Railway from Tunbridge Wells to join the Rye and Ashford Extension of the Brighton, Lewes, and Hastings Railway near Hastings.

65. An Act for enabling the York and North Midland Railway Company to make certain Branch Railways in the East Riding of the County of York; and for other Purposes.

66. An Act for enabling the York and North Midland Railway Company to make certain Branch Railways in the East Riding of the County of York; and for other Purposes.

67. An Act to empower the London and Birmingham Railway Company to make a Branch Railway from Rugby to the Syston and Peterborough Railway near Stamford.

68. An Act for making a Branch Railway from the Brighton and Chichester Railway to the Town of Littlehampton in the County of Sussex.

69. An Act for making a Branch Railway from the Brighton and Chichester Railway to the Town of Steyning in the County of Sussex.

70. An Act to enable the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company to alter the Line of the Glasgow Junction Railway, and to form a Branch to South Queensferry.

71. An Act for making a Railway from London to York, with Branches therefrom providing for the Counties of Hertford, Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Rutland, Nottingham, and the Three Divisions of the County of Lincoln a Railway Communication with London and York, to be called "The Great Northern Railway."

72. An Act to enable the Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company to purchase the Ferry across the River Tay between Ferry-Port-on-Craig and Broughty.

73. An Act to empower the North British Railway Company to construct certain Branch Railways in connexion with the Hawick Branch of the North British Railway.

74. An Act to authorize the Construction of several Branch Railways and other Works in connexion with the North British Railway.

75. An Act to enable the Scottish Midland Junction Railway Company to make certain Branch Railways; and to amend the Act relating to such Railway.

76. An Act for making a Railway from the Eastern Counties Railway at Marks Tey near Colchester to the Town of Sudbury in the County of Suffolk, and the Town of Halstead in the County of Essex, with a Branch Railway from the Eastern Union Railway to the Hythe at Colchester.

77. An Act for making a Railway from the Scarborough Branch of the York and North Midland Railway at Norton near Malton to the Bridlington Branch of the Hull and Selby Railway at Great Driffield, with a Branch therefrom.

78. An Act to enable the Arbroath and Forfar Railway Company to raise an additional Sum of Money; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Company.

79. An Act to enable the Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company to alter their Line of Railway near to Dysart, to make a Branch Railway from Kinghorn to the Harbour of Pettycur, and for other Purposes relating to the said Company.

80. An Act to empower the Manchester and Birmingham Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to Bollington.

81. An Act for making a Railway from Glasgow to Dumbarton and Lochlomond, and with Branches to Helensburgh and other Places, to be called "The Caledonian and Dumbartonshire Junction Railway."

82. An Act for making a Railway; from Oxford to the London and Birmingham Railway at Bletchley in the County of Buckingham.

83. An Act for making a Railway from the Croydon and Epsom Railway at Epsom to the Town of Portsmouth, to be called "The Direct London and Portsmouth Railway."

84. An Act for making a Railway from Harecastle to join the Manchester and Birmingham Railway at or near the Sandbach Station thereon.

85. An Act for making a Railway from the Manchester and Birmingham Railway at Macclesfield to the Trent Valley Railway at Colwich, with Branches.

86. An Act for making a Railway from the Manchester and Birmingham Railway at Macclesfield to join the Birmingham and Derby Line of the Midland Railways, with a Branch to Stoke-upon-Trent.

87. An Act for making a Railway from Belfast to Downpatrick, with Branches to the Towns of Holywood, Newtownards, Bangor, and Donaghadee, all in the County of Down.

88. An Act for making a Railway from Great Grimsby by Louth and Alford to Boston, all in the County of Lincoln, to be called "The East Lincolnshire Railway."

89. An Act for enabling the York and North Midland Railway Company to make a more direct Line of Railway between York and Leeds.

90. An Act for making a Railway, to be called "The Liverpool, Manchester, and Newcastle-upon-Tyne Junction Railway," with a Branch to the Town of Hawes.

91. An Act for making a Railway from the Chester and Birkenhead Railway to the Manchester and Birmingham Railway, with Branches therefrom, to be called "The Birkenhead, Lancashire, and Cheshire Junction Railway."

92. An Act for making a Railway from the Leeds and Bradford Extension Railway to the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway, with a diverging Line therefrom to Lancaster, to be called "The North-western Railway."

93. An Act for making a Railway from the Line of the Syston and Peterborough Railway in the Parish of Helpstone, near to the Town of Stamford, to the Line of the Wisbech Branch of the Lynn and Ely Railway at or near to the Town of Wisbech, to be called "The Boston, Stamford, and Birmingham Railway."

94. An Act for improving and maintaining the Harbour of Port Ellen in the County of Argyll.

95. An Act for enabling the Newcastle and Darlington Junction Railway Company to make a Railway from the Line of the Great North of England Railway to or near to Boroughbridge.

96. An Act for enabling the Newcastle and Darlington Junction Railway Company to make a Railway from the Line of the Great North of England Railway to Bedale.

97. An Act to empower the Eastern Union Railway Company to complete the Eastern Union Railway from the Junction thereof with the Line of the Eastern Counties Railway at Ardleigh to Colchester.

98. An Act for making certain new Lines and Deviations in the Line of the Great Grimsby and Sheffield Junction Railway, and for constructing a Branch therefrom to the Town of Caistor, all in the Parts of Lindsey in the County of Lincoln.

99. An Act for enabling the Great Grimsby and Sheffield Junction Railway Company to make an Extension from the Market Rasen Branch from the Great Grimsby and Sheffield Junction Railway to communicate with the City of Lincoln, and also a Branch to the Town of Barton-upon-Humber, and other Works connected therewith.

100. An Act to authorize the Great Grimsby and Sheffield Junction Railway Company to make an Extension from their Line of Railway in the Parish of Bole in the County of Nottingham, to the Town of Newark-upon-Trent in the same County.

101. An Act for establishing a Steam Communication across the River Humber in connexion with "The Great Grimsby and Sheffield Junction Railway."

102. An Act to empower the Midland Railway Company to make a Railway from Pye Bridge to the Clay Cross Station of the Midland Railway, and a Branch in the Parish of Crich.

103. An Act for making a Railway from Aberdeen to Inverness, with Branches to Banff, Portsoy, Garmouth, and Burghead, to be called "The Great North of Scotland Railway."

104. An Act to enable the Ballochney Railway Company to improve the Gauge of their Rails.

105. An Act for making a Railway Communication between the City of Bristol and the proposed South Wales Railway in the County of Monmouth, with a Branch Railway therefrom.

106. An Act for amending an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for making and maintaining a navigable Communication between Stowmarket and Ipswich in the County of Suffolk, so as to enable the Trustees of such Act to lease the said Navigation; and for other Purposes connected therewith.

107. An Act to enable the Slamannan Railway Company to make a Railway to Borrowstouness, with Branches to the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway.

108. An Act for making a Pier from the Common Hard at the Eastern or Portsmouth Side of the Harbour of Portsmouth in the Parish of Portsea in the County of Southampton.

109. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks to construct additional Wet Docks and other Works, and to raise a further Sum of Money; and for extending and amending the Acts relating to the Docks and Harbour of Liverpool.

110. An Act for constructing Docks and other Works at Coble Dean in the County of Northumberland, and in the Borough and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, to be called "The Northumberland Docks."

111. An Act for better supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the City of Lincoln, and certain Parishes and Places adjacent thereto in the County of Lincoln.

112. An Act for the better supplying with Water the Town and Borough of Warrington, or Parts thereof, in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, and the Townships of Latchford and Appleton in the last-mentioned County.

113. An Act for supplying with Water the Hamlets or Places of High and Low Harrogate in the several Townships of Knaresborough, Pannal, Bilton-with-Harrogate, and Scriven-with-Tentergate, in the Parishes of Knaresborough and Pannal in the West Riding of the County of York.

114. An Act for better supplying with Gas the Town and Borough of Stafford, and the several Parishes and Townships of Saint Mary and Saint Chad in Stafford, Castle Church, Hopton and Coton, and Tillington, all in the County of Stafford.

115. An Act for lighting with Gas and supplying with Water the Town of Hartlepool and the Neighbourhood thereof in the County of Durham.

116. An Act for better supplying with Gas and Water the Town and Parish of Kendal in the County of Westmoreland.

117. An Act for lighting with Gas the Parish and Borough of Great Grimsby in the County of Lincoln.

118. An Act for supplying and lighting the Town of Hamilton and Places adjacent thereto with Gas.

119. An Act for better paving, lighting, cleansing, regulating, and improving the Town of Burnley in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for better supplying the Inhabitants thereof with Water.

120. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Liverpool to open and widen certain Streets and Places, and otherwise to improve the same; and to enable the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses to appropriate certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments for public Purposes, and also to erect public Buildings.

121. An Act for lighting with Gas the Borough of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and for varying and extending the Powers of the several Acts for regulating and improving the said Borough.

122. An Act for paving the Footways in the Town of Sittingbourne in the Parish of Sittingbourne in the County of Kent, and for lighting the Streets, and for the Removal and Prevention of Nuisances and Annoyances within the said Parish.

123. An Act for widening, altering, and improving certain Streets within the City of York; and for other Purposes.

124. An Act for paving, cleansing, draining, and improving the Town of Bromsgrove, for opening a new Street therein and in the Parish of Stoke Prior, both in the County of Worcester, and for the better assessing and collecting the Poor, Church, and Highway Rates within the Parish of Bromsgrove.

125. An Act for regulating the Repair and Maintenance of the Roads and Streets within the Town of Leith, and the Assessments payable in respect thereof.

126. An Act for more effectually regulating the Salford Hundred Court, for extending the Jurisdiction and Powers of the said Court, and for establishing and constituting it as a Court of Record.

127. An Act for the Improvement of the Sewerage and Drainage of the Borough of Liverpool, and for making further Provisions for the sanatory Regulation of the said Borough.

128. An Act for improving the Drainage of the Vallies of the Rye and Derwent in the North and East Ridings of the County of York.

129. An Act for making a Railway from Exeter to Exmouth, to be called "The Exeter and Exmouth Railway."

130. An Act for making a Railway from the Polloc and Govan Railway to the River Clyde and Harbour of Glasgow, with Branches, to be called "The General Terminus and Glasgow Harbour Railway."

131. An Act for amending the Acts relating to the London and South-western Railway Company; and to authorize the said Company to enter into Contracts and to complete Arrangements with certain other Railway Companies.

132. An Act for enabling the Norfolk Railway Company to purchase or lease the Lowestoft Railway, Harbour, and Navigation.

133. An Act to enable the Dundee and Arbroath Railway Company to make a Railway from their Line at Broughty to Broughty Ferry Castle, and another Railway from their Line at Geordies Burn to the Arbroath and Forfar Railway at Almeriecloss.

134. An Act for making a Railway from Kintore to Alford, to be called "The Alford Valley Railway."

135. An Act for making a Railway from Dyce to Fraserburgh, with a Branch to Peterhead, to be called "The Great North of Scotland (Eastern Extension) Railway."

136. An Act to enable the Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company to extend their Line of Railway from Cupar to Newport.

137. An Act for making a Railway from the Town of Oban to Crianlarich in the County of Perth, with a Branch to Lochlomond, to be called "The Scottish Grand Junction Railway."

138. An Act to enable the Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company to make a Railway from their Line at Thornton to Dunfermline.

139. An Act to enable the Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company to make a Railway from Newburgh to the Scottish Central Railway at Hilton.

140. An Act to enable the Great Leinster and Munster Railway Company to extend their Railway to Clonmel.

141. An Act for making a Railway from and out of the Glasgow, Barrhead, and Neilston Direct Railway near to Pollokshaws to the Town of Strathaven.

142. An Act to enable the Glasgow, Barrhead, and Neilston Direct Railway Company to make Branch Railways to Thornliebank and Househill; and to amend the Act relating to such Railway.

143. An Act to enable the Glasgow, Paisley, and Greenock Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to the River and Frith of Clyde at or near Greenock, and a Pier or Wharf in connexion therewith.

144. An Act for extending the Time for taking Lands, and for completing the Undertaking called "The Thames Haven Dock and Railway," authorized to be made by Two Acts passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty and the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty.

145. An Act to enable the Bridgewater and Taunton Canal Company to make a Railway from Bridgewater to the Bristol Channel at or near Stolford in the County of Somerset, with Branches therefrom, and to make a Harbour at or near Stolford.

146. An Act for constructing Docks, Walls, Warehouses, and other Works at Toxteth Park in the County of Lancaster, to be called "The Herculaneum Docks."

cxlvil. An Act to authorize the Sale of the Monkland Navigation to the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation.

148. An Act for making a Railway from the Borough of Cork through Blackrock to the Town of Passage West.

149. An Act to enable the Leeds and Thirsk Railway Company to make a Railway from Northallerton to the Stockton and Hartlepool Railway.

150. An Act to enable the Scottish Central Railway Company to make a Branch Railway by Alloa Ferry to Tillicoultry.

151. An Act to enable the Slamannan Railway Company to make Branch Railways to Bathgate and Jawcraig.

152. An Act to empower the London and Birmingham Railway Company to enlarge their Stations in London; and for other Purposes.

153. An Act for enabling the Leeds and Thirsk Railway Company to make certain Deviations in the Line of the Saint Helens Branch of the said Railway.

154. An Act to enable the Leeds and Thirsk Railway Company to alter and extend the Line of Part of their Railway; and for other Purposes.

155. An Act for making a Railway from or near the Ambergate Station of the Midland Railway, through Nottingham, to Spalding and Boston, with Branches therefrom, and for enabling the Company to purchase the Nottingham and Grantham Canals.

156. An Act to empower the Midland Railway Company to make several Branches from the Erewash Valley Railway.

157. An Act to empower the Midland Railway Company to make a Railway from the Midland Railway at Clay Cross to join the Nottingham and Lincoln Railway, with Branches.

158. An Act for making a Railway from Ferryhill near Aberdeen to Aboyne, to be called "The Deeside Railway."

159. An Act for making a Railway from the Glasgow, Barrhead, and Neilston Direct Railway to the Town of Kilmarnock, with certain Branches therefrom, to be called "The Glasgow, Kilmarnock, and Ardrossan Railway," and to purchase the Ardrossan Railway and Harbour.

160. An Act to enable the Wilsontown, Morningside, and Coltness Railway Company to make a Branch to the Caledonian Railway.

161. An Act to enable the Wilsontown, Morningside, and Coltness Railway Company to improve their Line, and to make Branch Railways to Shotts and Climpy.

162. An Act to enable the Wilsontown, Morningside, and Coltness Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to the Town of Bathgate.

163. An Act to empower the Midland Railway Company to make a Railway from Nottingham to Mansfield

164. An Act for making a Railway from Knaresborough to or near to the City of York, to be called "The East and West Yorkshire Junction Railway."

165. An Act for making a Railway from the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway to the Scottish Central Railway, to be called "The Stirlingshire Midland Junction Railway."

166. An Act for making a Railway from the Great Western Railway at West Drayton to Uxbridge in Middlesex.

167. An Act for making a Railway from Wexford to Carlow.

168. An Act for extending and altering some of the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Great Leinster and Munster Railway.

169. An Act to empower the Norfolk Railway Company to make a Railway Communication between the Dereham Branch of the Norfolk Railway and the Towns of Wells and Blakeney in the County of Norfolk.

170. An Act for making a Railway from Royston to Hitchin.

171. An Act for making a Railway from Reading to Guildford and Reigate.

172. An Act for making a Railway from Chesterford to Newmarket, with a Branch to Cambridge.

173. An Act to enable the London and South-western Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to Farnham in the County of Surrey and Alton in the County of Southampton.

174. An Act to enable the London and South-western Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to Chertsey and Egham in the County of Surrey.

175. An Act to enable the London and South-western Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to Hampton Court Bridge in the County of Surrey.

176. An Act for making a Railway from the Scottish Central Railway at Dunblane by Doune to Callander, to be called "The Dunblane, Doune, and Callander Railway."

177. An Act for making a Railway from Skipton to York, to be called "The Wharfdale Railway."

178. An Act for making a Railway from Stotfield and Lossiemouth Harbour to Elgin, Rothes, and Craigellachie, to be called "The Morayshire Railway."

179. An Act to enable the Monkland and Kirkintilloch Railway Company to make Branch Railways to Chapel Hall and the Glasgow, Garnkirk, and Coatbridge Railway.

180. An Act to enable the Scottish Central Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to Denny in the County of Stirling.

181. An Act for making a Railway from the Yeovil Branch of the Bristol and Exeter Railway to or towards the Town of Crewkerne in the County of Somerset; and for amending the Acts relating to the Bristol and Exeter Railway.

182. An Act for vesting the Aylesbury Railway in the London and Birmingham Railway Company.

183. An Act to enable the Saint Helens Canal and Railway Company to make a Railway from the Township of Eccleston to the Township of Garston, with Branches therefrom, and Docks at Garston aforesaid, all in the County of Lancaster.

184. An Act for making a Harbour and Docks at Heysham on Morecambe Bay in the County of Lancaster, and a Railway in connexion therewith.

185. An Act to empower the Wakefield, Pontefract, and Goole Railway Company to make Three several Branch Railways.

186. An Act for erecting the Town or Village of Ardrossan and Places adjacent in the County of Ayr into a Burgh of Barony; for paving, lighting, and cleansing the same; for establishing a Police therein; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

187. An Act for enabling the Sheffield, Ashton under Lyne, and Manchester Railway Company to provide additional Station Room at Sheffield, and also to make a Branch Railway to Dukinfield, and to purchase and maintain a Branch already made from their Main Line to Glossop; and for other Purposes.

188. An Act to enable the Glasgow, Paisley, and Greenock Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to the Polloc and Govan Railway; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Railway.

189. An Act to enable the Scottish Central Railway Company to make certain Terminal Branches and other Works at the City of Perth,

190. An Act for making a Railway from the Edinburgh and Northern Railway at Markinch to Anstruther Easter, with a Branch to the Kirkland Works, to be called "The East of Fife Railway."

191. An Act to enable the Scottish Central Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to Crieff in the County of Perth.

192. An Act for making a Railway from the Manchester and Birmingham Railway at Cheadle in the County of Chester to or near to the Ambergate Station of the Midlands Railway in the County of Derby, to be called "The Manchester, Buxton, Matlock, and Midlands Junction Railway."

193. An Act for enabling the Grand Junction Railway Company to make a Branch Line of Railway from Huyton to Warrington; and for amending the former Acts relating to the said Company.

194. An Act for making a Railway from the Town of Mallow to the Town of Fermoy.

195. An Act for making a Railway from the City or Borough of Limerick to the Borough of Ennis, with Branches to the Towns of Clare and Killaloe, and to join the Great Southern and Western Railway.

196. An Act to enable the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to extend their Railway from their present Terminus in the City of Cork to the River Lee in the same City.

197. An Act for making a Railway from the Great Southern and Western Railway at the Townland of Carne or Curraghane to the Town of Mountmellick.

198. An Act for completing a Railway Communication between the Town of Clonmel and the Great Southern and Western Railway at or near the Town of Thurles.

199. An Act for making a Railway from Dublin to Dundrum and Rathfarnham, to be called "The Dublin, Dundrum, and Rathfarnham Railway."

200. An Act for making a Railway from the Town of Mallow to the Town of Killarney, to be called "The Killarney Junction Railway."

201. An Act for making a Railway from the Glasgow, Barrhead, and Neilston Direct Railway to the Caledonian Railway.

202. An Act for making a Railway from Stirling to Dunfermline, with Branches to Tillicoultry and to Alloa Harbour, to be called "The Stirling and Dunfermline Railway."

203. An Act to enable the Midland Railway Company to make a Railway from Burton-upon-Trent, to Nuneaton, with Branches, and to purchase the Ashby-de-la-Zouch Canal.

204. An Act to consolidate the London and Birmingham, Grand Junction, and Manchester and Birmingham Railway Companies.

205. An Act to enable the Eastern Counties Railway Company to make a Railway from Epping to a Point of Junction with the Colchester Line of the Eastern Counties Railway at or near the Ilford Station thereon.

206. An Act to enable the Wishaw and Coltness Railway Company to make a Branch Railway from the Wishaw and Coltness Railway to Murdieston, with a Branch to Goodockhill.

207. An Act for enabling the Newcastle and Berwick Railway Company to make a Certain Branch Railway in the County of Northumberland.

208. An Act for making a Railway and Branch Railway, to be called "The Waterford, Wexford, Wicklow, and Dublin Railway."

209. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from Templemore to Nenagh.

210. An Act to enable the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company to make a Deviation in the authorized Line of the said Railway, and also a Branch Railway to the River Liffy.

211. An Act to enable the Kilmarnock and Troon Railway Company to let on Lease their Railway to the Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock, and Ayr Railway Company; and to authorize the said Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock, and Ayr Railway Company to alter Parts of the said Kilmarnock and Troon Railway, and to construct certain Branch Railways in connexion therewith.

212. An Act for empowering the Wakefield, Pontefract, and Goole Railway Company to construct a Jetty and other Works, and to provide a Station, Coal Staiths, and other Conveniences, at the Port of Goole; and for other Purposes relating to the said Port.

213. An Act for extending the Line of the Dublin and Kingstown Railway to the Bridge of Bray in the County of Dublin.

214. An Act to provide for the Repair of the Parish Church of South Leith in the County of Edinburgh, and for the Administration of the Property and Revenues thereof; to alter the existing Mode of electing a Minister to the Second Charge of the said Church and Parish; to confirm the Proceedings of the Heritors of the said Parish relating to the Purchase of a suitable House as a Manse; and to effect other Objects in connexion with the said Church and Parish.

215. An Act to enable the Chard Canal Company to convert into a Railway the Portion of the Chard Canal from Creech Saint Michael to Ilminster, all in the County of Somerset.

216. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Borough of Stockton and other Places in the Counties of Durham and York.

217. An Act for better supplying with Gas the City of Worcester and the Suburbs thereof.

218. An Act for regulating the Markets and Fairs in the Borough and Town of Yeovil in the County of Somerset.

219. An Act for providing Market Places and for regulating the Markets and Fairs in the Borough of Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

220. An Act for more effectually supplying with Water the City of Bath, and several Parishes and Places adjacent thereto.

221. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town and Borough of Newport in the County of Monmouth.

222. An Act for supplying with Water the City of Bristol and certain Parishes adjacent thereto in the Counties of Gloucester and Somerset

223. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Witham Navigation, and to reduce the Tolls on the said Navigation.

224. An Act to enable the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company to make a Railway from Mullingar to Athlone.

225. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor Rates, Highway Rates, Borough Rates, County Rates, Lighting, Watching, and Cleansing Rates, and all other Parochial Rates on small Tenements in the Parish of Aston juxta Birmingham in the County of Warwick.

226. An Act for better raising and more securely constituting the Fund for the Relief of Widows and Children of Burgh and Parochial Schoolmasters in Scotland.

227. An Act for more effectually maintaining and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Banff, Aberdeen, and Elgin.

228. An Act to enable the Dundee and Perth Railway Company to alter their Line at Inchyra and Lairwell, and to extend the same towards the Penitentiary at Perth.

229. An Act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to make Branch Railways from the Castlecary Branch of the Caledonian Railway to the Glasgow, Garnkirk, and Coatbridge Railway.

230. An Act for enabling the Sheffield, Ashton-under-Lyne, and Manchester Railway Company to make Branch Railways from or in connexion with their Main Line of Railway to Whaley Bridge and Hayfield, to be called "The Whaley Bridge and Hayfield Branches."

231. An Act for vesting in the Grand Junction Railway Company and the Manchester and Leeds Railway Company the North Union Railway, and all the Works, Property, and Effects appertaining thereto.

232. An Act for making a Railway from Birmingham to Lichfield, to be called "The Birmingham, Lichfield, and Manchester Railway."

233. An Act for making a Railway from the Oxford and Bletchley Junction Railway to Buckingham and Brackley.

234. An Act to enable the London and Croydon Railway Company to construct a Branch to Deptford; and for amending the Acts relating to such Railway.

235. An Act for enabling the Newcastle and Darlington Junction Railway Company to purchase the Durham and Sunderland Railway and the Wearmouth Dock.

236. An Act for making a Railway from the Great Western Railway at Maidenhead in Berkshire to the Town of High Wycombe in the County of Buckingham.

237. An Act for making a Railway from Johnstone to the Bridge of Weir, with a Branch to Kilbarchan, to be called "The Ayrshire and Bridge of Weir Railway."

238. An Act for making a Railway from Ashburton in the County of Devon to join the South Devon Railway,

239. An Act for extending the Line of the South Wales Railway, and for making certain Alterations of the said Railway, and certain Branch Railways in connexion therewith.

240. An Act for making a Railway from Gloucester to the Monmouth and Hereford Railway, and to the South Wales Railway at Awre, to be called "The Gloucester and Dean Forest Railway."

241. An Act for enabling the Hull and Selby Railway Company to lease and also to sell their Railway to the York and North Midland and Manchester and Leeds Railway Companies, or one of them; and to authorize the raising of additional Money by both or either of the last-mentioned Companies for those and other Purposes.

242. An Act for enabling the Great North of England Railway Company to lease and also to sell their Railway to the Newcastle and Darlington Junction Railway Company; and to authorize the raising of additional Money by the said last-mentioned Company for those and other Purposes.

243. An Act for vesting the Leicester and Swannington Railway in the Midland Railway Company.

244. An Act for carrying into effect certain Arrangements between the London and Birmingham Railway Company and the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigations, and for granting certain Powers to the said respective Companies.

245. An Act for making a Railway from Newry in the Counties of Armagh and Down to Rostrevor in the County of Down, with a Branch to Warrenpoint in the same County.

246. An Act for making a Railway from Preston in the County Palatine of Lancaster to Clitheroe in the same County Palatine.

247. An Act to authorize the widening and Enlargement of Part of the Line of the York and North Midland Railway, or the Construction and Maintenance of a Railway adjoining thereto.

248. An Act to empower the London and Birmingham Railway Company to extend their Line at Leamington, and to enlarge their Stations at Coventry and Rugby; and for other Purposes.

249. An Act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to deviate the Line of the said Railway in the Vicinity of Carlisle.

250. An Act to authorize the North Wales Mineral Railway Company to make certain Branches, and also to make a Deviation in their present Line of Railway.

251. An Act for the Consolidation of the Shrewsbury, Oswestry, and Chester Junction and the North Wales Mineral Railway Companies.

252. An Act for authorizing the Sale of the Guildford Junction Railway, and for enabling the Purchasers to maintain the same, and to make and maintain a Railway therefrom to Godalming, and from the London and Southwestern Railway at Fareham to Portsmouth.

253. An Act for making a Railway from the Trent Valley Railway near Nuneaton to the Midland Railway in the Parish of Wigston Magna in the County of Leicester, to be called "The Coventry, Nuneaton, Birmingham, and Leicester Railway."

254. An Act to empower the Midland Railway Company to extend their Line at Birmingham; and for other Purposes.

255. An Act to authorize the Purchase of the Oakham Canal by the Midland Railway Company.

256. An Act for making a Railway to connect the Saundersfoot Railway with the South Wales Railway, with the Harbour of Saundersfoot, and with the Town of Tenby, to be called "The Tenby, Saundersfoot, and South Wales Railway and for other Purposes.

257. An Act to enable the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway Company to extend and enlarge their Station and extend their Railway at Carlisle; and for other Purposes.

258. An Act to enable the Eastern Counties Railway Company to enlarge their Stations in London and at Stratford; and for other Purposes.

259. An Act for enabling the Huddersfield and Manchester Railway and Canal Company to divert their Main Line of Railway in Huddersfield, and to make a Branch therefrom near Cooper Bridge in the Township of Huddersfield.

260. An Act for making a Railway from the Great North of England Railway at Thirsk in the North Riding of Yorkshire to the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway at Clifton in Westmorland, and a Railway from Bishop Auckland in the County of Durham to the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway at Tebay in Westmorland, to be called "The Northern Counties Union Railway."

261. An Act for enabling the Grand Junction Railway Company to make certain Branch Lines of Railway, to be called "The Huyton and Aston Branch," "The Huyton, Prescot, and Saint Helens Branch," "The Warrington and Kenyon Branch," "The Warrington and Parkside Branch," and "The Edgehill and Huyton Branch;" and for amending the former Acts relating to the said Company.

262. An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of the Leeds, Dewsbury, and Manchester Railway Act, 1845, and for authorizing certain Deviations from the Line and Levels of the said Railway, and for making and maintaining certain Branches and Extensions therefrom.

263. An Act for making a Railway from Glasgow to Airdrie, with Branches to the Clydesdale Junction Railway and to Mile End, to be called "The Glasgow, Airdrie, and Monklands Junction Railway."

264. An Act for enabling the Newcastle and Darlington Junction Railway Company to make certain Branch Railways in the County of Durham; and for other Purposes.

265. An Act for making a Railway, with Branches therefrom, in the County of Lancaster and West Riding of the County of York, to be called "The Blackburn, Clitheroe, and North-western Junction Railway."

266. An Act for making certain Branches from the Line of the Blackburn and Preston Railway in the County of Lancaster; and for amending the Acts relating thereto.

267. An Act for vesting in the Sheffield, Ashton under Lyne, and Manchester Railway Company the Peak Forest Canal and the Macclesfield Canal.

268. An Act to amalgamate the Sheffield, Ashton-under-Lyne, and Manchester Railway Company, the Sheffield and Lincolnshire Junction, the Sheffield and Lincolnshire Extension, and the Great Grimsby and Sheffield Railway Companies, and the Grimsby Dock Company.

269. An Act for consolidating the Dudley Canal Navigation with the Birmingham Canal Navigations; and for other Purposes.

270. An Act to amend The Ely and Huntingdon Railway Act.

271. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal Navigation and Railway to raise an additional Sum of Money; and to amend the Acts relating to that Company.

272. An Act for enabling the Leeds and Bradford Railway Company to alter the Levels of a Portion of the Line of their Railway in the Parish of Bingley in the West Riding of the County of York.

273. An Act for widening the Line of "The London and Blackwall Railway;" and for amending the Acts relating to the said Railway.

274. An Act to authorize the Shrewsbury, Oswestry, and Chester Junction Railway Company to make Railways to Crickheath and Wem, and to raise additional Capital for those Purposes.

275. An Act to authorize the Shrewsbury, Oswestry, and Chester Junction Railway Company to make an Extension into Shrewsbury, and certain Alterations and Deviations in their Line of Railway.

276. An Act to enable the East Lancashire Railway Company to alter the Line and Levels of such Railway, and to make Branches therefrom; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

277. An Act to incorporate the Huddersfield and Sheffield Junction Railway Company with the Manchester and Leeds Railway Company.

278. An Act to authorize certain Alterations in the Line of the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway; and to amend the Act relating thereto.

279. An Act to enable the Furness Railway Company to extend their Line to Broughton and to Ulverstone, and to make certain Branches therefrom; and to amend the Act relating thereto.

280. An Act to amend "The Ipswich and Bury Saint Edmunds Railway Act, 1845;" and for making a Railway from the said Ipswich and Bury Saint Edmunds Railway to Norwich, with a Branch therefrom.

281. An Act for making a Branch Railway from the London and Brighton Railway in the Parish of Croydon to join the South-western Railway in the Parish of Wandsworth in the County of Surrey.

282. An Act to incorporate the Liverpool and Bury Railway Company with the Manchester and Leeds Railway Company.

283. An Act to consolidate and unite the London and Brighton and the London and Croydon Railway Companies, and the Undertakings belonging to them.

284. An Act for incorporating the Proprietors of the Sheffield General Cemetery in the Township of Ecclesall Bierlow in the Parish of Sheffield in the West Riding of the County of York, and for enlarging and improving the said Cemetery; and for other Purposes connected therewith.

285. An Act for supplying with Water the Town of Kilmarnock, Suburbs thereof, and Places adjacent.

286. An Act for the better supplying with Water the Town or Village of Heywood and Places adjacent thereto in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

287. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town and Parish of Chorley in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

288. An Act for supplying with Water the Towns of Airdrie and Coatbridge, and Places adjacent, in the County of Lanark.

289. An Act to extend the Municipal Boundaries of the City of Glasgow; to amend the Acts relating to the Police and Statute Labour of the said City and adjoining Districts; and for other Purposes in relation to the Municipality and Police of the said City.

290. An Act authorizing the Sale of the Cromford Canal and other Property of the Cromford Canal Company.

291. An Act to alter and extend the Provisions of the Acts for improving the Navigation of the River Severn.

292. An Act for improving, preserving, maintaining, and better regulating the Port and Harbour of Waterford; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

293. An Act for better lighting, paving, cleansing, draining, regulating, and improving the Borough of Bury in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for otherwise promoting the Health and Convenience of the Inhabitants.

294. An Act for better lighting and improving the Borough of Belfast.

295. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of Wath-upon-Dearne in the County of York, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

296. An Act for repealing an Act of the Parliament of Scotland passed in the Sixth Session of the First Parliament of King William (1696), intituled An Act in favours of the Heritors adjacent to the Pow of Inchaffray; and for more effectually draining and improving Lands adjacent to the River or Stream called the Pow of Inchaffray in the County of Perth.

297. An Act for better draining and improving certain Low, Marsh, and Fen Lands lying between Boston Haven and Bourn in the County of Lincoln, and for further improving the Navigation through such Lands.

298. An Act for amending Two several Acts passed respectively in the Second and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, for draining and embanking certain Lands in Lough Swilly and Lough Foyle in the Counties of Donegal and Londonderry.

299. An Act for regulating the Municipal Government and Police of the Royal Burgh of Rothesay.

300. An Act for making a Railway, to be called "The South Staffordshire Junction Railway," with Branches.

301. An Act for enabling the Leeds and Bradford Railway Company to make a Junction Line at Bradford in the West Riding of the County of York.

302. An Act to unite and consolidate the Blackburn and Preston Railway Company with the East Lancashire Railway Company.

303. An Act for making a Railway from Newport to Abergavenny and Hereford, with Branches therefrom.

304. An Act for making a Railway from Sheffield to Gainsborough, with Branches.

305. An Act to enable the South-eastern Railway Company to make a Railway from the London and Greenwich Railway to Woolwich and Gravesend.

306. An Act to enable the Manchester and Leeds Railway Company to make several Branch Railways, and to authorize the Amalgamation of the Preston and Wyre Railway, Harbour, and Dock Company with the Manchester and Leeds Railway Company.

307. An Act for making a Railway from Shrewsbury to Wolverhampton, with a Branch, to be called "The Shrewsbury and Birmingham Railway."

308. An Act for making a Railway from Shrewsbury to Wolverhampton, to be called "The Shrewsbury, Wolverhampton, and South Staffordshire Junction Railway."

309. An Act to empower the London and Birmingham Railway Company to make a Branch from the said Railway to the Blisworth and Peterborough Branch thereof.

310. An Act to enable the Blackburn, Darwen, and Bolton Railway Company to alter the Line of Part of their Railway.

311. An Act for enabling the Midland Railway Company to alter a Portion of the Leicester and Swannington Railway, and to make certain Branches.

312. An Act for amending the Act relating to the Liverpool and Bury Railway, and for making Branches therefrom.

313. An Act to authorize certain Alterations and Extensions of the Line of the Wilts, Somerset, and Weymouth Railway.

314. An Act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to form certain Branch and Terminal Railways in the Vicinity of Glasgow.

315. An Act for making Railways from Birmingham to Wolverhampton and 'Dudley, to be called "The Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and Dudley Railway."

316. An Act for making a Railway from Walsall in the County of Stafford to the Midland Railways at Wichnor Forge in Tatenhill, to be called "The Trent Valley, Midlands, and Grand Junction Railway."

317. An Act for making a Railway from the Line of the Perth and Inverness Railway to Aberfeldy, to be called "The Strathtay and Breadalbane Railway."

318. An Act to enable the Londonderry and Enniskillen Railway Company to alter and extend the Line of such Railway, to make a Branch therefrom to the Town of Omagh, and to amend the Act relating thereto.

319. An Act for making a Railway from the proposed Sheffield and Lincolnshire Junction Railway to the City of Lincoln.

320. An Act to enable the Whitehaven and Furness Junction Railway Company to make a Railway in deviation from their Line of Railway, and to construct an Extension thereof to a Point of Junction with the Whitehaven Junction Railway.

321. An Act for making a Railway from Armagh to Portrush, with Branches to Randalstown and Ballymoney.

322. An Act for making a Railway from the Chester and Crewe Branch of the Grand Junction Railway at Ccdveley to Wolverhampton; and for other Purposes connected therewith.

323. An Act for making a Railway from Shrewsbury to Stafford, with a Branch to Stone; and for other Purposes.

324. An Act for making a Railway from Newtown in the County of Montgomery to Crewe in the County of Chester, with Branches; and for other Purposes connected therewith.

325. An Act for making a Railway from Shrewsbury to Hereford, to be called "The Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway."

326. An Act to consolidate the Bristol and Gloucester and Birmingham and Gloucester Railway Companies with the Midland Railway Company.

327. An Act to alter and amend the North Wales Railway Act, One thousand eight hundred and forty-five.

328. An Act for making a Railway from Birmingham to Wolverhampton, and to the Grand Junction Railway in the Parish of Bushbury with a Branch to Dudley.

329. An Act to effectuate the Sale of the Glasgow, Garnkirk, and Coatbridge Railway Company of the said Railway to the Caledonian Railway Company; and other Purposes therewith connected.

330. An Act for authorizing the Sale of the Pontop and South Sheilds Railway to the Newcastle and Darlington Junction Railway Company.

331. An Act to empower the London and Birmingham Railway Company to make a Branch Railway from the London and Birmingham Railway near Coventry to the Trent Valley Railway in the Parish of Nuneaton.

332. An Act for making a Railway from the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway to Bathgate, with Branches, to be called "The Edinburgh and Bathgate Railway."

333. An Act to enable the Surrey Iron Railway Company to sell the Lands, Houses, and other Property of the Company, together with the navigable Communication from the Dock of the Company, to the River Thames at Wandsworth in the County of Surrey, and to dissolve the said Company.

334. An Act to enable the Glasgow, Garnkirk, and Coatbridge Railway Company to extend the Terminus of their Railway in Glasgow.

335. An Act for making a Railway and other Works from Plymouth to Falmouth and other Places in the County of Cornwall, to be called "The Cornwall Railway."

336. An Act for making a Railway from the Parish of Kenwyn in the County of Cornwall to Penzance in the same County, with Branches, to be called "The West Cornwall Railway."

337. An Act for making a Railway from Birmingham, to join the Lines of the proposed Oxford and Rugby and Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railways, and to be called "The Birmingham and Oxford Junction Railway."

338. An Act for making a Railway into Birmingham in extension of the proposed Birmingham and Oxford Junction Railway.

339. An Act to authorize the Purchase of the Gravesend and Rochester Railway and Canal by the South-eastern Railway Company.

340. An Act for making a Railway from the Birmingham and Gloucester Railway at King's Norton in the County of Worcester to Hales Owen in the same County.

341. An Act for making a Railway from the South Wales Railway at or near to the Town of Neath to Merthyr Tidvil, with Branches, to be called "The Vale of Neath Railway."

342. An Act for making a Railway from the Borough of Cockermouth to the Town of Keswick, all in the County of Cumberland, to be called "The Cockermouth and Workington Extension Railway."

343. An Act for making a Railway from Lough Allen to Lough Gill, both in the County of Leitrim, to be called "The Sligo and Shannon Railway."

344. An Act for constructing a Pier at Portbury in the County of Somerset, and for making a Railway from the same to the City of Bristol with a Branch Railway connected therewith.

345. An Act to amend the Cambridge Improvement Acts, and to exempt the Eastern Counties Railway Company from certain Tolls thereby imposed.

346. An Act to repeal, alter, and amend the several Acts relating to Billingsgate Market in the City of London.

347. An Act for further and better supplying with Water the Barony or Regality of Gorbals and Places adjacent.

348. An Act for making certain new Streets or Thoroughfares, and widening and improving. certain other Streets or Thoroughfares, within the Town and Borough of Sheffield in the County of York.

349. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, regulating, and otherwise improving the Town of Tunbridge Wells in the Counties of Kent and Sussex.

350. An Act to repeal an Act of the Fifty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for lighting and watching the Road leading from Newington Butts to the Nag's Head on the Wandsworth Road, and other Places communicating therewith, in Lambeth, Clapham, and Battersea in Surrey; and for making other Provisions for lighting and improving the said Road, and other Places adjacent or near thereto.

351. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, for granting certain Powers and Authorities to the Australian Agricultural Company.

352. An Act for making a Railway from the intended Great Northern Railway in the Parish of Ufford in the County of Northampton, to unite with the Loop Line of the same Railway in the Parish of Crowland in Lincolnshire.

353. An Act for making a Railway from Llangynwyd to Margam, by a Company to be called "The Llynvi Valley Railway Company."

354. An Act for making certain Lines of Railway in the West Riding of the County of York, to be Called "The Sheffield, Rotherham, Barnsley, Wakefield, Huddersfield, and Goole Railway."

355. An Act for amending the Acts relating to the Taw Vale Railway and Dock, and for making an Extension therefrom to the Exeter and Crediton Railway in the County of Devon.

356. An Act for making Railways from Wisbech to Saint Ives and to Fenny-Drayton, to be called "The Wisbech, Saint Ives, and Cambridge Junction Railway."

357. An Act for making a Railway from the Northern and Eastern Counties Railway at Edmonton to the Town of Enfield in the County of Middlesex.

358. An Act for making a Railway from the Midland Railway at Staveley to the Town of Worksop, and for consolidating into one Undertaking the said proposed Railway and the Canal Navigation from Chesterfield to the River of Trent.

359. An Act for making a Railway from the London and Birmingham Railway to or near to Navigation Street within the Borough of Birmingham.

360. An Act for making a Railway from Kilkenny to join the Great Southern and Western Railway at or near Cuddagh, to be called "The Kilkenny and Great Southern and Western Railway."

361. An Act for the Maintenance of the Cemeteries at Golden Bridge and Prospect in the County of Dublin, and to create a perpetual Succession in the governing Body or Committee for managing the same.

362. An Act for making a Canal from the Harbour of East Tarbert to West Loch Tarbert, and other Works in connexion therewith.

363. An Act for making a Ship Canal from Sligo Harbour to Lough Gill, both in the County of Sligo, to be called "The Sligo Ship Canal"

364. An Act for enlarging, improving, and maintaining the Harbour, Quays, and Wharfs of Campbeltown; for supplying with Water, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Burgh and Suburbs thereof; and for the better and more effectual assessing, levying, and collecting the Ladle and other Dues and Customs of the said Burgh.

365. An Act for further regulating the Repair and Maintenance of the Roads, Streets, and Bridges within the Middle District of the County of Edinburgh, and the Assessments payable in respect thereof; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

366. An Act to enable the Special Commissioners of the Town of Yeovil to sell certain Estates in the Parish of Yeovil in the County of Somerset.

367. An Act to enable the Eastern Counties Railway Company to make Two Branch Railways from the Line of the Eastern Counties and Thames Junction Railway, one thereof terminating at the Pepper Warehouses belonging to the East India Dock Company, and the other terminating by a Junction with the Eastern Counties Railway.

368. An Act for making a Railway from the London and Birmingham Railway in the Parish of Rugby in the County of Warwick to Leamington in the County of Warwick.

369. An Act to authorize an Improvement of the Line of the West London Railway, and the Extension thereof to the River Thames.

370. An Act to enable the London and South-western Railway Company to make a Railway by Whitchurch and Andover to Salisbury.

371. An Act for making certain Branch Railways to be connected with the Newport and Pontypool Railway, and for incorporating a new Company for carrying on the Monmouthshire Canal Navigation.

372. An Act for making a Railway from the Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock, and Ayr Railway near Cumnock to the Caledonian Railway near the crossing of the River Sark, to be called "The Glasgow, Dumfries, and Carlisle Railway," with Branches.

373. An Act for authorizing the Sale of the Andevor Canal and other Property of the Company of Proprietors of the Andevor Canal Navigation.

374. An Act for embanking and reclaiming from the Sea certain Lands now under Water or subject to be overflowed by the Tide in the Estuary or Back Strand of Tramore in the County of Waterford.

375. An Act to incorporate the British Guarantee Association.

376. An Act for uniting the Rectory of North Lynn with the Perpetual Curacy of Saint Margaret with Saint Nicholas in the Borough of King's Lynn, all in the County of Norfolk.

377. An Act for making a Railway from Airdrie to Bathgate, with a Branch to Whitburn and Blackburn, to be called "The Airdrie and Bathgate Junction Railway."

378. An Act to incorporate the Company of Proprietors of the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal Navigation and Railway with the Manchester and Leeds Railway Company.

379. An Act to amalgamate the Polloc and Govan and Clydesdale Junction Railways with the Caledonian Railway.

380. An Act for enabling the Huddersfield and Manchester Railway and Canal Company to make a Branch Railway from their Main Line of Railway to Oldham.

381. An Act for making a Railway from the Liverpool and Bury Railway to the North Union and Blackburn and Preston Railways, with Branches therefrom, to be called "The Liverpool, Ormskirk, and Preston Railway."

382. An Act to grant certain Powers to the New Zealand Company.

383. An Act for constructing Docks at Millbay (Plymouth) to be called the Plymouth Great Western Docks.

384. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation to extend and enlarge the Basin at Bowling Bay, and to make and maintain certain other Works in connexion therewith; and to alter and amend the Acts relating to the said Navigation.

385. An Act for sewering, draining, and lighting of the Hamlet of Brighouse in the Township of Hipperholme-cum-Brighouse in the Parish of Halifax in the West Riding of the County of York.

386. An Act for reclaiming from the Sea, embanking and improving, the Salthouse Sands in the Manor of Plain Furness in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

387. An Act for improving and altering a Portion of the Harbour of Wexford in the County of Wexford in Ireland, and the Entrance thereof; for improving the Navigation of the River Slaney, and also the Bridge over the same River at or near to the Town of Wexford; and for embanking and reclaiming divers Waste Lands, Mud Banks or Slobs, in and adjacent to the said Harbour and River; and for other Purposes.

388. An Act for inclosing and reclaiming from the Sea certain Tracts of Land forming Part of the Great Estuary called "The Wash," between the Counties of Norfolk and Lincoln.

389. An Act for enabling the Warden and College of the Souls of All Faithful People deceased of Oxford to grant Building and Improving Leases of their Estates in the County of Middlesex.

390. An Act for making certain Lines of Railway in the West Riding of the County of York, to be called "The West Riding Union Railways."

392. An Act to enable the London and South-western Railway Company to extend their Railway to the Thames near London Bridge in the County of Surrey.

392. An Act for making a Railway from the Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock, and Ayr Railway near the Manse of Newton to the Town of Girvan, with a Branch to the Town of Maybole, to be called "The Glasgow and Belfast Union Railway."

393. An Act to empower the Taff Vale Railway Company to construct certain Branch Railways and Extensions, and to make Arrangements for the Use of certain Wharfs adjoining the Bute Ship Canal.

394. An Act to authorize the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Railway Company to extend their Railway in Newcastle-upon-Tyne, to make a Branch Railway, and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking.

395. An Act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to deviate certain Portions of the Clydesdale Junction Railway.

396. An Act for making a Railway from the East and West India Docks to join the London and Birmingham Railway at the Camden Town Station, to be called "The East and West India Docks and Birmingham Junction Railway."

397. An Act for making a Railway from Cork to Waterford, with Branches therefrom.

398. An Act to incorporate a Company by the Name of "The Metropolitan Sewage Manure Company."

399. An Act for the Regulation of the Legal Quays within the Port of London.

400. An Act to extend the Powers of the Commissioners of Wide Streets, Dublin, to widen and improve certain Streets and Passages in the City and County of Dublin.

401. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Maln-y-Manach to Rhydydefydd in the County of Glamorgan, to be called "Cameron's Coalbrook Steam Coal and Swansea and Loughor Railway."

402. An Act for authorizing certain Alterations in and Extensions of the Line of the South Devon Railway, and the Formation of Branches therefrom to Torquay and other Places.

