Local Acts passed in 1847, 10 & 11 Victoria c.1 - c.297.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1847.
---

1. An act to change the Name of the Protestant Dissenters and General Life and Fire Insurance Company to the General Life and Fire Assurance Company, and to extend to the Company, by its new Name, the Powers of the Act enabling the Company to sue and be sued in thd Name of the Chairman, Deputy Chairman, or any One of the Directors or of the Secretary of the Company.

2. An act for regulating Proceedings by or against "The Llynvi Iron Company," and for granting certain Powers thereto.

3. An act for the continued Repair and Maintenance of the Road from or near Whiteburn in the County of Berwick to the Town of Kelso in the County of Roxburgh; and to authorize the Transfer of a Portion of the said Road to the Trustees of the Road from Lauder, to and through Kelso, to the Marchburn.

4. An act for incorporating the District Fire Insurance Company of Birmingham, by the Name of "The District Fire Insurance Company;" for enabling the said Company to sue and be sued; and for other Purposes relating to the said Company.

5. An act for lighting with Gas the Township of Shipley, the Village of Windhill, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the West Riding of the County of York.

6. An act for extending and enlarging a certain Pier in Pile Harbour in the Parish of Dalton-in-Furness in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and to alter the Act relating thereto.

7. An act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for lighting with Gas the Town and Borough of Ipswich in the County of Suffolk.

8. An act for authorizing the Cheltenham Waterworks Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

9. An act for more effectually maintaining the Harbour of Newhaven and the Navigation of the River Ouse between Newhaven and Lewes, and for draining the Low Lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, all in the County of Sussex.

10. An act for making a Railway from Smithstown to Dalmellington in the County of Ayr.

11. An act to enable the Colchester, Stour Valley, Sudbury, and Halstead Railway Company to make an Extension of their Railway from Sudbury to Melford, Lavenham, and Clare in the County of Suffolk.

12. An act to enable the Newmarket and Chesterford Railway Company to extend their Line of Railway to Bury Saint Edmunds, with a Branch to the City of Ely.

13. An act for repealing certain Provisions of the Newmarket and Chesterford Railway Act, 1846.

14. An act to amend some of the Provisions of the Manchester Markets Act, 1846.

15. An act to enlarge the Powers of "The Wolverhampton Gaslight Company," and to authorize the Union of such Company with "The Wolverhampton New Gas Company."

16. An act to enable the Hartlepool West Harbour and Dock Company to construct additional Docks; and for repealing an act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, relating to the said Hartlepool West Harbour and Dock Company, and for granting new Powers and Provisions in lieu thereof.

17. An act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Bolton in the County of Lancaster to improve such Borough, and to take a Lease of and to purchase the Works of the Bolton Waterworks Company.

18. An act to enable the Colchester, Stour Valley, Sudbury, and Halstead Railway Company to make an Extension Railway from Lavenham to Bury Saint Edmunds in the County of Suffolk.

19. An act for authorizing the Sale of the Eastern Union and Hadleigh Junction Railway to the Eastern Union Railway Company.

20. An act to enable the Newmarket and Chesterford Railway Company to extend their Line of Railway to Thetford in the County of Norfolk.

21. An act to enable the Colchester, Stour Valley, Sudbury, and Halstead Railway Company to grant a Lease of their Undertaking to the Ipswich and Bury Saint Edmunds Railway Company.

22. An act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to make an Extension of the Motherwell Branch of the Clydesdale Junction Railway to Auchinheath Mineral Field, with Branches therefrom.

23. An act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to make Branch Railways to Wilsontown, to Fauldhouse, and to Biggar and Broughton.

24. An act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to make Branches from the Clydesdale Junction Railway to the Douglas and Lesmahagow Mineral Fields, and to Strathavon.

25. An act to abolish, reduce, equalize, and consolidate the Rates and Duties leviable at the Harbour and Docks of Leith.

26. An act for better supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Rochdale, and of several Townships and Places, all in the Parish of Rochdale in the County of Lancaster.

27. An act for granting further Powers to the Bristol and Clifton Oil Gas Company.

28. An act for better supplying with Gas and Water the Royal Burgh of Inverness, Suburbs, and Places adjacent.

29. An act for amending the Ryde Improvement Act.

30. An act for better assessing the Poor Rates, Highway Rates, County and Police Rates, and other Parochial and Local Rates, on small Tenements in the several Townships of Wolverhampton, Bilston, Willenhall, and Wednesfield, in the County of Stafford.

31. An act to enable the Shipowners Towing Company to sue and be sued.

32. An act to alter and amend an Act, intituled An act for providing in or near the Burgh of Cupar more extensive Accommodation for holding the Courts and Meetings of the Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, and Commissioners of Supply of the County of Fife; and for the Custody of the Records of the said County; and to authorize the Commissioners acting under the Authority of that Act to provide a Court House at Dunfermline for the Accommodation of the Courts of the Sheriff and Justices of the Peace in the Western District of the said County.

33. An act for better assessing and collecting the Poor, Church, and Highway Rates within the Parish of Kingston-upon-Thames in the County of Surrey.

34. An act to enable the Scottish Union Insurance Company to purchase Annuities and invest Money on Securities in England and Ireland; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

35. An act for incorporating the Scottish Equitable Life Assurance Society, for confirming the Rules and Regulations thereof, for enabling the said Society to sue and be sued, to take and to hold Property; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

36. An act for regulating legal Proceedings by or against "Claridge's Patent Asphalte Company," and for granting certain Powers thereto.

37. An act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to raise a Sum of Money for paying off the Monies now charged on the Bridge House Estates by Authority of Parliament, and to raise further Monies upon the Credit of the said Estates, and of their own Estates and Revenues, for effecting Public Works and Improvements in and near the said City.

38. An act for enabling the Metropolitan Sewage Manure Company to alter the Line of their Works; and for other Purposes.

39. An act to authorize the Purchase by the Aberdeen Railway Company of a Piece of Ground at the upper Part of the Inches and upper Part of the Harbour of Aberdeen now vested in the Aberdeen Harbour Commissioners, and to enable such Commissioners to make certain Alterations and new Works connected with such Harbour.

40. An act for better lighting with Gas the Town of Runcorn otherwise called Higher Runcorn and Lower Runcorn, and also certain Townships and Hamlets in the Vicinity.

41. An act for lighting with Gas the Town and Neighbourhood of Bingley in the West Riding of the County of York.

42. An act for rendering more efficient the Dublin Consumers Gas Company.

43. An act for extending the Powers of the Imperial Continental Gas Association.

44. An act to amend and extend the Provisions of an act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An act for incorporating the Warrington Gaslight Company.

45. An act for removing the Market between King Street and Cattle Street in the Town of Sheffield, and for providing a new Market Place in lieu thereof, and for regulating and maintaining the Markets and Fairs of the said Town.

46. An act for better and more effectually ascertaining, assessing, collecting, and levying the Poor Rate and all other Rates and Assessments in the Parish of Ewell in the County of Surrey; and for the better Management of the Business and Affairs of the said Parish; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

47. An act for repealing the Acts relating to the Roads leading from the Lower Market House in Tavistock to Old Town Gate in the Borough of Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Devonport in the County of Devon, and making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

48. An act to enlarge and improve the Meal, Corn, and Grain Markets of the City of Edinburgh; and for other Purposes in relation thereto.

49. An act for establishing a Market and Market Place in the Town and Borough of Wakefield.

50. An act to repeal the Waterford Road Act.

51. An act for the better Maintenance, Improvement, and Repair of the Glasgow and Shotts Turnpike Roads.

52. An act for the Amendment of the Port and Harbour Acts of Belfast, for making further Improvements and new Works there, and for the Amendment of the Belfast and Cavehill Railway, and Belfast Town Improvement Acts.

53. An act for incorporating the Commercial Gaslight and Coke Company.

54. An act for better supplying with Water the Town and Neighbourhood of Over Darwen in the County of Lancaster, and for affording a more regular and constant Supply of Water to the Mill Owners and others on the River Darwen.

55. An act to incorporate a Company by the Name of "The London Sewage Chemical Manure Company."

56. An act for amending an act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An act for granting certain Powers to the British American Land Company, and for granting further Powers to the said Company.

57. An act for making a Railway from Staines to join the London and South-western Railway near Farnborough, with a Branch to Chertsey.

58. An act for making a Railway from Richmond to Windsor, with a Loop Line through Brentford and Hounslow.

59. An act to authorize an Extension of the Cork, Blackrock, and Passage Railway to Monkstown, and to amend the Act relating thereto.

60. An act to authorize certain Alterations of the Line of the Wilts, Somerset, and Weymouth Railway.

61. An act to authorize certain Alterations of the Line of the Waterford, Wexford, and Wicklow Railway, and to amend the Act relating thereto.

62. An act to enable the Liskeard and Caradon Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

63. An act for making a Railway from the Town of Killarney in the County of Kerry to the Harbour of Valencia in the same County.

64. An act to empower the Norfolk Railway Company to make a Railway from the Lowestoft Railway near Reedham to join the Norwich Extension of the Ipswich and Bury Saint Edmunds Railway near Diss, with a Branch therefrom to Halesworth.

65. An act to alter and amend several of the Powers and Provisions of the Act relating to the Dundalk and Enniskillen Railway.

66. An act for rating to the Relief of the Poor and other Parochial and Local Rates the Owners of certain Property within the Parishes of King's Norton, Northfield, and Beoley in the County of Worcester, Edgbaston in the County of Warwick, and Harborne in the County of Stafford, in lieu of the Occupiers thereof.

67. An act to repeal Two several Acts relating to the Liverpool Gaslight Company, and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof, and to enable the said Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

68. An act for reducing the Dues of the Harbour of the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis in the County of Dorset, and consolidating the Trusts created by the Acts relating to such Harbour and the Bridge of the said Borough; and for other Purposes.

69. An act to amend certain Acts for making and maintaining Roads and converting the Statute Labour in the Counties of Ross and Cromarty, and Part of Nairn locally situate in the County of Ross.

70. An act to explain and amend the Laws of Sewers relating to the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Part of Middlesex.

71. An act for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts and Demands within the City of London and the Liberties thereof.

72. An act to authorize an Alteration in the Line of the Cornwall Railway, and to amend the Act relating thereto; and for other Purposes.

73. An act to authorize the Right Honourable Francis Egerton Earl of Ellesmere to sell, and the London and North-western Railway Company to purchase, the Estate and Interest of the said Earl in the Manchester South Junction and Altrincham Railway.

74. An act for enabling the Vale of Neath Railway Company to construct certain new Lines of Railway in connexion with the Vale of Neath Railway; and for other Purposes.

75. An act to enable the General Terminus and Glasgow Harbour Railway Company to make Branch Railways to the Caledonian and other adjoining Railways; and to amend the Act relating to such Railway.

76. An act to authorize the Gloucester and Dean Forest Railway Company to construct a Dock or Basin at Gloucester in connexion with the said Railway.

77. An act for the better supplying the Town of Dunfermline and Places adjacent thereto with Water.

78. An act to enable the Ambergate, Nottingham, and Boston and Eastern Junction Railway Company to alter the Line of their Railway, and to construct a Branch Railway therefrom into the Town of Nottingham.

79. An act to enable the Llynvi Valley Railway Company to make an Extension of their Railway to Newcastle in the County of Glamorgan; and to amend the Act relating to their said Railway, to be called "The Llynvi Valley Railway Extension."

80. An act to enable the Shrewsbury and Birmingham Railway Company to make Branch Railways to Madeley and Ironbridge; and for other Purposes.

81. An act to enable the Bristol and South Wales Junction Railway Company to improve and maintain the Aust or Old Passage Ferry across the River Severn.

82. An act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to make a Branch Railway from the Glasgow, Garnkirk, and Coatbridge Railway to Glasgow, and to enlarge the Station in that City.

83. An act to enable the Caledonian and Dumbartonshire Junction Railway Company to make certain Deviations and Branches.

84. An act to repeal an act of the Second Year of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An act to enable the British Commercial Insurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of One of the Directors or of the Secretary for the Time being of the Company, and to enable the said Company to sue and be sued in the Name of One of their Directors or of their Secretary for the Time being.

85. An act to alter and amend the Newry and Enniskillen Railway Act, 1845.

86. An act for amending the Newport, Abergavenny, and Hereford Railway Act, 184G, and to authorize Deviations from the Line of the said Railway, and for making Branches and Extensions therefrom.

87. An act for making a Railway from Herne Bay to a Junction with the Canterbury and Whitstable Railway, to be called "The Herne Bay and Canterbury Junction Railway."

88. An act to enable the London and South-western Railway Company to widen and improve the London and South-western Railway from the Junction thereof with the Richmond Railway to the Terminus at Nine Elms, and to enable them to enlarge their intended Station at the York Road, Lambeth.

89. An act to enable the Dundee and Perth Railway Company to alter and extend their Line near to Perth, and to make Branches therefrom to Inchture, Polgavie, and Inchmichael.

90. An act to enable the Glasgow, Barrhead, and Neilston Direct Railway Company to alter a Portion of their Line; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

91. An act for making Branch Railways from the Great Western Railway and from Hammersmith to join the West London Railway, for widening a Portion of the West London Railway, and for extending the same so as to join the London and South-western Railway in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County of Surrey.

92. An act to authorize the Purchase by the Eastern Counties Railway Company of the Maldon, Witham, and Braintree Railway.

93. An act to enable the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to make a Railway from Portarlington to Tullamore.

94. An act to empower the Norfolk Railway Company to make a Railway from Wymondham to Diss.

95. An act to authorize the Purchase of the Glasgow Southern Terminal Railway by the Glasgow, Barrhead, and Neilston Direct Railway Company, and to amend the Acts relating to the said Company.

96. An act for making an Alteration in the Line of the Southampton and Dorchester Railway, and Branches therefrom to Lymington and Eling; and for other Purposes.

97. An act for making a Branch Railway from the Southampton and Dorchester Railway at Moreton to Weymouth, and for other Purposes.

98. An act to authorize an Alteration in the Line of the Lowestoft Railway, and to amend the Act relating to the Lowestoft Railway and Harbour Company.

99. An act to enable the Norfolk Railway Company to extend their Railway to the Town of Great Yarmouth; and for other Purposes.

100. An act to enable the Dublin and Drogheda Railway Company to make a Railway from the Navan Branch of the Dublin and Belfast Junction Railway in the County of Meath to the Town of Kells in the same County.

101. An act for making a Railway from Abercrave Farm in the Parish of Ystradgunlais in the County of Brecon to Swansea in the County of Glamorgan with Branches, to be called "The Swansea Valley Railway."

102. An act to authorize a Deviation in the Line of the Manchester and Lincoln Union Railway.

103. An act to enable the Manchester and Leeds Railway Company to make an Extension of the Holmfirth Branch of the Huddersfield and Sheffield Junction Railway.

104. An act to enable the South-eastern Railway Company to make a Railway to connect the London and Greenwich Railway and the North Kent Line of the South-eastern Railway with the Bricklayers Arms Branch Railway.

105. An act for making a Railway from the Liverpool and Bury Railway near Liverpool, through Crosby, to the Town of Southport, to be called "The Liverpool, Crosby, and Southport Railway."

106. An act for widening, altering, and improving the Dundee and Newtyle Railway.

107. An act to empower the London and North-western Railway Company to make a Railway from the London and North-western Railway near Bletchley to Newport Pagnel, Olney, and Wellingborough.

108. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the North Staffordshire Railway Company, and to authorize certain Alterations of and the Formation of certain Branches and additional Works in connexion with their Undertaking.

109. An act for making certain new Lines of Railway in connexion with the South Wales Railway, and certain Alterations in the Line of the said Railway; and for other Purposes.

110. An act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Cannock in the County of Stafford to Uttoxeter in the same County, to join the North Staffordshire Railway Potteries Line, by a Company to be called "The Derbyshire, Staffordshire, and Worcestershire Junction Railway Company."

111. An act to authorize the Sale to the Dublin and Drogheda Railway Company of the Navan Branch of the Dublin and Belfast Junction Railway, and to enable the Dublin and Drogheda, the Dublin and Belfast Junction Railway Company with a Branch from Drogheda to Navan, the Ulster, and the Dundalk and Enniskillen Railway Companies, or any of them, to amalgamate with one another.

112. An act to empower the Boston, Stamford, and Birmingham Railway Company to make a Railway from the Syston and Peterborough Railway at or near Peterborough to the Stamford and Wisbech Line of the Boston, Stamford, and Birmingham Railway in the Parish of Thorney and Isle of Ely.

113. An act to authorize the East Lincolnshire Railway Company to purchase an existing Lease of the Louth Navigation.

114. An act to empower the London and North-western Railway Company to admit certain Parties as Shareholders in their Undertaking for making a Railway from Coventry to Nuneaton in the County of Warwick; and for other Purposes.

115. An act to enable the London and South-western Railway Company to make Railways from Andover to join their Salisbury Branch Railway at Michaelmarsh, and from the same Branch at Romsey to join the Southampton and Dorchester Railway at Redbridge, all in the County of Southampton, to be called "The Andover and Southampton Junction Railway."

116. An act for enabling the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company to make a Railway at Bugsworth, and for amending the Acts relating thereto.

117. An act for the Enlargement of the Wearmouth Dock, and the Construction of new Works in connexion therewith; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

118. An act to empower the London and North-western Railway Company to make a Branch Railway from the London and North-western Railway near Atherstone to the Midland Railway at Whitacre in the County of Warwick.

119. An act to enable the Glasgow, Kilmarnock, and Ardrossan Railway Company to make certain Branch Railways, and to make certain Deviations from the Line and Levels of the said Railway; and to amend the Act relating to the said Railway.

120. An act to authorize a certain Alteration in the Line of the Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and Stour Valley Railway, and to amend the Act relating thereto; and for other Purposes.

121. An act to authorize a Lease of the Undertaking of the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company to the London and North-western Railway Company.

122. An act to enable the Midland Railway Company to alter the Line of the Leicester and Swannington Railway, and to make certain Branches therefrom; and for other Purposes.

123. An act for constructing and maintaining Docks and other Works at or near the South Side of the Town of Swansea in the Town and Franchise of Swansea in the County of Glamorgan.

124. An act for lighting with Gas the Town of Croydon and its Vicinity in the County of Surrey.

125. An act to amend the East Lincolnshire Railway Act, 1846, and to authorize the Construction of a Branch Railway to join the Great Grimsby and Sheffield Junction Railway near Grimsby.

126. An act to construct Waterworks for supplying with Water the Town of Falmouth and certain Parishes adjacent thereto in the County of Cornwall.

127. An act for improving and maintaining the Harbour of Macduff in the County of Banff.

128. An act to repeal the Acts relating to Warkworth Harbour in the County of Northumberland, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

129. An act for extending and enlarging the Provisions of the Act for regulating Buildings and Party Walls within the City and County of Bristol, and for forming certain Streets, and for widening other Streets within the same.

130. An act to enable the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company to make certain Deviations in the authorized Line of the said Railway; and to amend the Acts relating thereto.

131. An act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the Westminster Improvement Act, 1845, and to authorize the Application of certain Rates in aid of the Improvements.

132. An act to empower the London and North-western Railway Company to make a Railway from the London and North-western Railway near Watford to St. Albans, Luton, and Dunstable.

133. An act to authorize the Consolidation into One Undertaking of the York and Newcastle and the Newcastle and Berwick Railways.

134. An act for enabling the York and Newcastle Railway Company to make certain Branch Railways in the Counties of Durham and York; and for other Purposes.

135. An act to enable the Midland Railway Company to make a Railway from near Leicester, via Bedford, to Hitchin and to Northampton and Huntingdon, with Branches; to enlarge the Leicester Station of the Midland Railway; and for other Purposes.

136. An act to empower the North British Railway Company to extend the Haddington Branch of the North British Railway, to make certain Alterations in the Hawick and Kelso Branches of the same Railway, and for other Purposes.

137. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Ipswich and Bury Saint Edmunds Railway Company, and to enable the Company to construct a Railway from the Ipswich and Bury Saint Edmunds Railway near Ipswich to Woodbridge.

138. An act to enable the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company to make a Branch Railway from the Market Rasen and Lincoln Line of their Railway in the Parish of Stainton-by-Langworth to the Town of Wragby in the County of Lincoln.

139. An act for enabling the London and North-western Railway Company to make a Railway from Birmingham to Lichfield, and for amending the former Acts relating to the said Company.

140. An act for enabling the York and North Midland Railway Company to extend the Line of their Harrogate Branch Railway, and make a Station at Harrogate.

141. An act for enabling the York and North Midland Railway Company to make a Railway from their Line at Burton Salmon to Knottingley, with a Branch therefrom; and for other Purposes.

142. An act to enable the Aberdeen Railway Company in part to alter their Branch Railway to Brechin.

143. An act to enable the Great Northern Railway Company to alter the Line of their Railway near Doncaster.

144. An act to authorize the Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company to make certain Branches, and to provide Station Room and other Conveniences in the City of Chester, and to raise additional Capital for these Purposes; and for amending the former Acts relating to the said Company.

145. An act for enabling the London and South western Railway Company to make Extensions of the Guildford Extension and Portsmouth and Fareham Railway near Portsmouth, and a Deviation in the authorized Line thereof near Godalming.

146. An act to enable the Great Northern Railway Company to make certain Alterations in the Line of their Railway as already authorized between Grantham and York.

147. An act to authorize an Extension of and the Construction of a Station in connexion with the Chester and Holyhead Railway at Chester; and for other Purposes.

148. An act to enable the Great Northern Railway Company to take a Lease of or to purchase the East Lincolnshire Railway, and the Boston, Stamford, and Birmingham Railway.

149. An act for enabling the Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and Dudley Railway Company to purchase Lands for additional Station Room at Birmingham, and for authorizing the Sale of the Undertaking of the said Company to the Great Western Railway Company.

150. An act to enable the Midland Railway Company to enlarge their Stations at Masbrough and Normanton respectively, and to construct additional Sidings or Branch Railways.

151. An act to enable the Edinburgh, Leith, and Granton Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to the Upper Drawbridge in the Town of Leith.

152. An act to enable the Edinburgh, Leith, and Granton Railway Company to make a Branch Railway from Bonnington to Trinity Villa; to acquire certain Pieces of Land; and to shut up and use certain Roads or Streets for the Purposes of the said Railway.

153. An act for making a Railway from Portadown in the County of Armagh to Dungannon in the County of Tyrone, to be called "The Portadown and Dungannon Railway."

154. An act for making a Railway from the Great Western Railway at Cheltenham to join the Oxford and Rugby Railway near Oxford, with a Branch therefrom; and for other Purposes.

155. An act to empower the Boston, Stamford, and Birmingham Railway Company to make a Railway from Wisbech to Sutton Bridge, with a Branch to Sutton Saint Mary, and to improve the Harbour at Sutton Bridge.

156. An act to authorize the Purchase by the Eastern Counties Railway Company of the North Woolwich Railway, and the Lease of the Pepper Warehouses and Wharfs of the East and West India Dock Company.

157. An act to enable the Eastern Counties Railway Company to enlarge their London and Stratford Stations; and to amend some of the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Eastern Counties Railway Company.

158. An act to enable the Eastern Counties Railway Company to make a Railway from the Eastern Counties Railway near Cambridge to the Bedford and Bletchley Railway at or near Bedford, with Branches.

159. An act to incorporate the Huddersfield and Manchester Railway and Canal Company and the Leeds, Dewsbury, and Manchester Railway Company with the London and Northwestern Railway Company.

160. An act to enlarge the Powers of the Dublin, Dundrum, and Rathfarnham Railway Act, 1846, and to enable the Company to make an Extension to Stephen's Green.

161. An act for enabling the Huddersfield and Manchester Railway and Canal Company to alter a Portion of the Line of their Oldham Branch; and for other Purposes.

162. An act for making a Railway from Mold in the County of Flint to join the Chester and Holyhead Railway in the Parish of Hawarden in the same County, with Branches, to be called "The Mold Railway."

163. An act to enable the Manchester and Leeds Railway Company to make certain Branches, Extensions, and other Works, and to alter the Name of the Company.

164. An act for enabling the Blackburn, Darwen, and Bolton Railway Company to make certain Alterations in the Line of their Railway in the Parishes of Blackburn and Bolton-in-the-Moors; and for amending the Acts relating thereto.

165. An act for enabling the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company to make a Coal Branch from their Thurgoland Station to the Township of Stainborough.

166. An act to enable the Manchester and Leeds Railway Company to alter the Line and Levels of the Brighouse Branch of the West Riding Union Railways, and to make a new Line into Leeds.

167. An act to enable the Direct London and Portsmouth Railway Company to make an Approach to the Town of Dorking, and a Deviation in the Line and certain Alterations in the Levels of their Railway and in the Croydon and Epsom Railway.

168. An act to enable the Glasgow, Paisley, and Greenock Railway Company to make a certain Branch Railway to the Caledonian Railway at Glasgow, and to divert Part of the Glasgow, Paisley, and Ardrossan Canal.

169. An act to amalgamate the Glasgow, Paisley, and Greenock Railway with the Caledonian Railway, and to authorize the raising of additional Money by the said last-mentioned Company.

170. An act for making a Deviation in the Line of the Lynn and Ely Railway, and for forming Docks within the Borough of King's Lynn.

171. An Act. to enable the Lynn and Ely Railway Company to make a Navigation from Lynn to Wormegay, all in the County of Norfolk.

172. An act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to make certain Branch Railways in the Counties of Dumfries and Cumberland.

173. An act for making a Railway from the North British Railway at East Linton to Ormiston, to be called "The East Lothian Central Railway."

174. An act to amalgamate the Eastern Union and Ipswich and Bury Saint Edmunds Railway Companies.

175. An act to enable the Chard Canal and Railway Company to extend their Railway from Ilminster to Chard, all in the County of Somerset.

176. An act to enable the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company to make a Railway from Athlone to Galway.

177. An act to enable the Newport Abergavenny, and Hereford Railway Company to extend their Railway from the Neighbourhood of Pontipool to the Taff Vale Railway.

178. An act for making a Railway from the Northampton and Peterborough Branch of the London and North-western Railway to the Town of Banbury, to be called "The Northampton and Banbury Railway;" and for other Purposes.

179. An act for making a Railway from the Swansea Vale Railway at Ynisymond in the Parish of Cadoxton to Nantmelyn in the Parish of Llangefelach, both in the County of Glamorgan, with Branches.

180. An act to authorize the Purchase by the Dublin and Drogheda Railway Company of the Navan Branch of the Dublin and Belfast Junction Railway, and to authorize the Dublin and Drogheda, the Dublin and Belfast Junction Railway with a Branch from Drogheda to Navan, the Ulster, and the Dundalk and Enniskillen Railway Companies, or any of them, to amalgamate with one another.

181. An act to amend some of the Provisions of the Glasgow, Dumfries, and Carlisle Railway Act, 1846.

182. An act to amend the Act relating to the Glasgow, Dumfries, and Carlisle Railway Company, and to authorize the Company to make a Branch Railway to Kirkcudbright with diverging Lines therefrom; and for other Purposes.

183. An act to amend the Acts and alter the Terms of Amalgamation of the Glasgow, Dumfries, and Carlisle Railway Company, and of the Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock, and Ayr Railway Company.

184. An act to enable the Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock, and Ayr Railway Company to make certain Branch Railways in the County of Ayr, and to alter the Line of the Glasgow and Belfast Union Railway; and for other Purposes.

185. An act to authorize the Construction of certain Branch Railways in the County of Ayr in connexion with the Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock, and Ayr Railway; and for other Purposes.

186. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock, and Ayr Railway, and to provide additional Station Accommodation; and for other Purposes.

187. An act for making a Railway from Parkgate in the Parish of Great Neston in the County of Chester to join the Chester and Birkenhead Railway in the Parish of Bebbington in the same County.

188. An act for enabling the London and North-western Railway Company to make a Branch Line of Railway from Portobello to Wolverhampton; and for other Purposes.

189. An act to empower the South Staffordshire Railway Company to make divers Branch Railways; and for other Purposes.

190. An act to incorporate the Manchester and Lincoln Union Railway and Chesterfield and Gainsborough Canal Company with the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company.

191. An act to enable the Midland Railway Company to purchase the Mansfield and Pinxton Railway, and to alter the same, and to make a Railway from the Erewash Valley Railway to the Nottingham and Mansfield Railway, with Branches to Mansfield, and also to the Alfreton Ironworks.

192. An act to vest in the Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company the Undertaking of the Low-water Pier at Burntisland, and of the Ferry between the same and Granton, and to enable the said Company to extend and improve the said Pier.

193. An act to empower the Boston, Stamford, and Birmingham Railway Company to make a Branch Railway from the Stamford and Wisbech Line of the Boston, Stamford, and Birmingham Railway at Wisbech to Wisbech Harbour, and to construct certain Works at Wisbech Harbour.

194. An act to authorize an Alteration in the Line of the Cork and Bandon Railway, and an Extension thereof into the City of Cork, and to amend the Act relating to the said Railway.

195. An act to consolidate the Aberdeen and Great North of Scotland Railway Companies.

196. An act for improving, regulating, and maintaining the Haven of Sandwich in the County of Kent.

197. An act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Wisbech, as Guardians of the Port and Harbour of Wisbech, to raise a Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

198. An act for amending Two Acts of Parliament, passed respectively in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth and the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, for erecting a Bridge across the River Shannon, and a Floating Dock and other Works for the Improvement of the Port of Limerick.

199. An act for better supplying with Gas the Parish and Neighbourhood of Wakefield in the West Riding of the County of York.

200. An act for making perpetual the Provisions of an act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An act for the Regulation of the Legal Quays within the Port of London.

201. An act for better supplying with Gas the Town of Ashton-under-Lyne in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the Neighbourhood thereof.

202. An act for better supplying with Water the City of Edinburgh and Places adjacent.

203. An act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Manchester in the County of Lancaster to construct Waterworks for supplying the said Borough and several Places on the Line of the said intended Works with Water; and for other Purposes.

204. An act for supplying with Water certain Parts of the Staffordshire Potteries and the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme, and several Townships and Places adjoining or near thereto.

205. An act for building a Bridge across the River Ouse in the City of York, with Approaches thereto, and for widening, altering, and improving certain Streets or Thoroughfares within the said City; and for other Purposes.

206. An act for the more effectually assessing, collecting, and levying the Poor and other Rates in the City and County of the City of Norwich, and Liberties of the same.

207. An act for amending the Acts relating to the Police and Improvement of the Burgh of Kilmarnock; and for other Purposes in relation thereto.

208. An act for extending the Municipal Boundaries of the Burgh of Inverness; establishing a general System of Police therein, and regulating the Petty Customs; and for other Purposes relating to the said Burgh.

209. An act for deepening, enlarging, improving, and maintaining the Port and Harbour of Inverness, and the Navigation of the River Ness, and the Quays and Piers and other Works connected therewith; for regulating the Anchorage and Shore Dues of the said Port and Harbour; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

210. An act for enabling the Leeds and Thirsk Railway Company to deviate the Main Line of their Railway in Crimple Valley, to alter the proposed Junction with the York and Newcastle Railway, and to divert the Leeds, Wortley, and Stanningley Turnpike Road.

211. An act to confirm an Agreement between the Treasurer and Masters of the Bench of the Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn in the County of Middlesex and the joint Vestry of the joint Parishes of Saint Giles-in-the-Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury in the same County and the Rector and Vestry of the separate Parish of Saint Giles-in-the-Fields.

212. An act for incorporating the Landowners Drainage and Inclosure Company, and for enabling the Owners of settled Estates, drained, irrigated, inclosed, and improved by the said Company, to charge the same for the Purposes of such Drainage, Inclosure, and Improvement.

213. An act for repairing and keeping in repair the Turnpike Roads in the County of Ayr; for making and maintaining new Roads, and altering and improving existing Roads; for rendering Turnpike certain Parish Roads; and for regulating the Statute Labour and Bridge Money in the said County.

214. An act to empower the Midland Railway Company to extend the Line of their Nottingham and Lincoln Railway at Lincoln, and to make a Branch Railway to their Lincoln Station.

215. An act to authorize certain Deviations in the Line of the Syston and Peterborough Branch of the Midland Railway, and the Formation of a Road or Approach to the intended Manton Station thereof.

216. An act to authorize the Purchase by the York and North Midland Railway Company of the Interests of the Shareholders in the Market Weighton Canal, and the Purchase of the Canal communicating therewith called Sir Edward Vavasour's Canal, of the Pocklington Canal, and of the Leven Canal, all in the East Riding of the County of York.

217. An act to facilitate the effectual Drainage of certain Districts within the Commission of Sewers for the Limits extending from East Moulsey in Surrey to Ravensbourne in Kent.

218. An act for enabling the York and North Midland Railway Company to make a Station at Hull, and certain Branch Railways connected with their Railways and the said Station; and for other Purposes.

219. An act for enabling the York and North Midland Railway Company to make a Railway from their Church Fenton and Harrogate Branch to Knaresborough and Boroughbridge.

220. An act to enable the Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company to make a Deviation and Extension of their Branch Railway to Dunfermline, to make another Railway from their Strathearn Deviation Railway to the Scottish Central Railway, and to make an Alteration in the Manner of constructing the said Branch and Strathern Deviation across certain Roads.

221. An act for making a Railway from Southport through Wigan to Pendleton near Manchester, with several Branches, to be called "The Manchester and Southport Railway."

222. An act to incorporate the Chester and Birkenhead Railway with the Birkenhead, Lancashire, and Cheshire Junction Railway.

223. An act for enabling the Birkenhead, Lancashire, and Cheshire Junction Railway Company to make a Deviation in the Chester Branch of their Railway; and for other Purposes.

224. An act to enable the East of Fife Railway Company to make a Deviation in their Main Line, and to improve the Junction with the Edinburgh and Northern Railway near Markinch.

225. An act to empower the Eastern Union Railway Company to make a Railway from the Eastern Union Railway at Manningtree to Harwich, with Branches thereout; and for other Purposes.

226. An act for making Branch Railways from the Great Western Railway to Henby and to Radstock; to widen certain Portions of the Great Western Railway; to enable the Great Western Railway Company to purchase or amalgamate with the Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and Dudley Railway, and to purchase the Wycombe and Great Western and Uxbridge Railways; and for other Purposes.

227. An act to authorize certain Alterations in the Line of the Liverpool, Manchester, and Newcastle-upon-Tyne Junction Railway; and for other Purposes.

228. An act to empower the London and North-western Railway Company to enlarge their Stations at Liverpool and Crewe; and for other Purposes.

229. An act to authorize the Sale of the Paisley and Renfrew Railway to the Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock, and Ayr Railway Company, and the Improvement of the said Railway by that Company.

230. An act to enable the South-eastern Railway Company further to widen the London and Greenwich Railway, and to enlarge their London Bridge Station.

231. An act to authorize certain Alterations in the Line of the Waterford and Limerick Railway; and to amend the Act relating thereto; and for other Purposes.

232. An act for making certain Lines of Railway in the County of Lancaster, to be called "The Oldham Alliance Railway."

233. An act for making a Railway and Branch Railways in the County of Chester, to be called "The Manchester and Birmingham and North Staffordshire Junction Railway."

234. An act to enable the Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock, and Ayr Railway Company to make certain Branch Railways in the County of Renfrew; and for other Purposes.

235. An act to enable the Eastern Counties Railway Company to make a Railway from Wisbech to Spalding.

236. An act to authorize the Consolidation into One Undertaking of the Oxford and Bletchley Junction Railway Company and the Buckingham and Brackley Junction Railway Company, and to enable the Company so to be consolidated to make Extension Lines to Banbury and Aylesbury, and an Alteration of the Line into the City of Oxford.

237. An act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to extend their Station in Edinburgh, and to make Branch Railways to Granton and to the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway.

238. An act to enable the Chester and Holyhead Railway Company to extend their Line of Railway to the proposed new Harbour at Holyhead, and to contribute towards the Expence of constructing the said Harbour.

239. An act to incorporate the Edinburgh, Leith, and Granton Railway Company with the Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company.

240. An act to enable the Liverpool, Manchester, and Newcastle-upon-Tyne Junction Railway Company to make a Railway from the Burnley Branch of the Manchester and Leeds Railway in the Township of Habergham Eaves in the Parish of Whalley in the County of Lancaster to the East Lancashire Railway in the same Township; and for other Purposes.

241. An act to authorize a certain Alteration in the Line of the Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway, and to amend the Act relating thereto.

242. An act to enable the South Devon Railway Company to extend the Line of the South Devon Railway to Torquay and to Brixham; and for other Purposes.

243. An act to amend the Exeter and Exmouth Railway Act, 1846, and to enable the London and South-western Railway Company to subscribe towards, lease, or purchase the said Railway.

244. An act for authorizing the Sale of Part of the Brighton and Chichester (Portsmouth Extension) Railway to the London and South-western and the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Companies, and the Use by the last-mentioned Company of Part (Wandsworth to London) of the London and South-western Railway.

245. An act for making a Branch Railway from the Glasgow, Airdrie, and Monklands Junction Railway at or near Whitevale Street, Glasgow, to the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway at or near Cowlairs; and to amend the Acts relating to such Railways.

246. An act to enable the Edinburgh and Bathgate Railway Company to deviate a Portion of their Main Line, and for other Purposes.

247. An act to make certain Deviations in the authorized Line of the "Manchester, Buxton, Matlock, and Midlands Junction Railway," and to amend the Act relating thereto.

248. An act to enable the Royston and Hitchin Railway Company to lease or sell their Line, and to authorize the said Company to enter into Contracts and complete Arrangements with the Great Northern Railway Company.

249. An act to amend the Acts relating to the London and South-western Railway.

250. An act to repeal an act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for building a new Church and also a Workhouse in the Parish of Bathwick in the County of Somerset, and another Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of His said late Majesty to amend the said Act, and to provide for the future Administration and Exercise of the Trusts and Powers thereby respectively created.

251. An act for paving, lighting, watching, draining, cleansing, regulating, and otherwise improving the Town of Lytham in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for supplying the Inhabitants thereof with Water, and for establishing and regulating a Market and Market Places therein.

252. An act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town and Neighbourhood of Tunstall in the County of Stafford, and for improving and regulating the Market Place and Markets therein.

253. An act for better paving, cleansing, draining, regulating, lighting, and improving the District of Rathmines, Mount Pleasant, Ranelagh, Cullenswood, Milltown, Rathgar, and Haroldscross, and such other Portions of the Parish of Saint Peter within the Barony of Uppercross in the County of Dublin, and for otherwise promoting the Health and Convenience of the Inhabitants.

254. An act for the further Improvement of the Borough of Belfast.

255. An act for improving the Streets and public Places, and erecting a Town Hall, and improving the Markets, in the Township of Blackburn in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

256. An act for paving, lighting, watching, draining, cleansing, and improving the Town of Saint Ives and the Neighbourhood thereof in the County of Huntingdon.

257. An act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, regulating, and otherwise improving the Town of Portsmouth in the County of Southampton, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

258. An act for lighting, paving, cleansing, sewering, draining, regulating, and improving the Town and Neighbourhood of Bingley in the West Riding of the County of York, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

259. An act for constructing and maintaining a Bridge across the River Slaney near the Town of Wexford, with Approaches, and for taking down the present Bridge there.

260. An act to amend the several Acts relating to Swansea Harbour.

261. An act for better supplying with Water the Borough of Liverpool and the Neighbourhood thereof, and for authorizing the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the said Borough to purchase the Liverpool and Harrington Waterworks and Liverpool Waterworks.

262. An act for better supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds in the County of York.

263. An act for making Docks at Jarrow Slake in the River Tyne.

264. An act to authorize the Birkenhead Dock Commissioners to construct an additional Dock and other Works at Birkenhead in the County of Chester, and for other Purposes.

265. An act to alter and amend the Acts relating to the Birkenhead Commissioners Docks, and to make further Provision with respect to the Construction of the Sea or Wharf Walls along Wallasey Pool; and for other Purposes.

266. An act for authorizing the Sale of the Leominster Canal, and other Property of the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal Navigation, and for winding up and adjusting the Concerns of the same Company.

267. An act for the better Drainage of Lands called Crowland Washes and Fodder Lots, Cowbit Wash, and Deeping Fen Wash, in the several Parishes of Crowland, Spalding, and Pinchbeck, the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakhill, and the extra-parochial Place or Lands called Deeping Fen, or Deeping Fen Welland Washes, all in the County of Lincoln.

268. An act to change the Name of the Liverpool Fire and Life Insurance Company, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

269. An act to enable the National Mercantile Life Assurance Society to sue and be sued in the Name of a nominal Party, and for other Purposes relating to the said Company.

270. An act to enable the Coventry, Nuneaton, Birmingham, and Leicester Railway Company to sell and transfer their Railway, Works, and Interests to the London and North-western Midland Railway Companies, or either of them; and for other Purposes.

271. An act to enable the Saint Helen's Canal and Railway Company to make Branch Railways to Warrington and to Blackbrook, and to make certain Alterations in their Railway, and also to take a Lease of the Rainford Branch of the London and North-western Railway.

272. An act to enable the Great Northern Railway Company to make a Railway from Saint Alban's to the Great Northern Railway at Hatfield, and thence to the Town of Hertford.

273. An act for making a Deviation in the Line of the Taw Vale Railway, for making Branches therefrom to the Towns of Bideford and South Molton, for enlarging the Dock, and for amending the Acts relating thereto.

274. An act to enable the Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company to improve the Ferry between Ferry-Port-on-Craig and the North Shore of the River Tay.

275. An act for consolidating the Lynn and Ely, the Ely and Huntingdon and the Lynn and Dereham Railway Companies into One Company, to be called "The East Anglian Railways Company."

276. An act for enlarging the present Station of the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company at or near London Bridge, and for the Division of the present Station between the London, Brighton, and South Coast and the South-eastern Railway Companies, for the separate Accommodation of the Traffic of such Two Railway Companies.

277. An act to enable the Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company to construct Branch Railways to Saint Andrew's and Newburgh Harbour, and to divert and alter the Levels of certain Turnpike Roads in the Line of the Newport Railway Extension.

278. An act to empower the London and North-western Railway Company to make a certain Branch Railway from Kenilworth to Berkswell, and to widen the Line from Leamington to Coventry, all in the County of Warwick; and for other Purposes.

279. An act to enable the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company to sell the Water not required for their Canals called the Peak Forest Canal and Macclesfield Canal, and to make additional Works in connexion with such Canals.

280. An act for widening and improving Cannon Street, and for making a new Street from the West End of Cannon Street to Queen Street, and for widening and improving Queen Street, and for effecting other Improvements in the City of London.

281. An act to amend an act for improving the Navigation from the Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe in the County of Essex, and for better paving, lighting, and improving the Town of Colchester; and for making a new Channel and deepening the River Colne from Wivenhoe to Ram's Hard leading towards the Sea.

282. An act for better supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Borough of Leicester, and certain Parishes and Places adjacent thereto, in the County of Leicester.

283. An act for removing Doubts as to the Purchase of Lands by the Dock Company at Kingston-upon-Hull in certain Cases.

284. An act to purchase and define the Manorial and Market Rights of Stockport, to establish public Parks, to purchase or lease Waterworks, to build Bridges, and to make other Communications within the Borough of Stockport.

285. An act for establishing a general Cemetery at Wolverhampton in the County of Stafford, and for making certain direct Roads and Approaches to the said Cemetery from the Town of Wolverhampton and the Neighbourhood thereof.

286. An act to enable the Great Northern Railway Company to make a Branch Railway near Sutton in Lincolnshire.

287. An act to enable the Great Northern Railway Company to make certain Alterations in the Line and Levels of their Railway between London and the Neighbourhood of Grantham.

288. An act to enable the East Lancashire Railway Company to alter the Line and Levels of their Railway, and to make a Branch Railway therefrom; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

289. An act to enable the East Lancashire Railway Company to extend the Liverpool, Ormskirk, and Preston, and the Blackburn and Preston Lines of their Railway, into Preston; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

290. An act to enable the Northern Counties Union Railway Company to make certain Alterations in their Railway in the Parishes of Aysgarth and Wensley in the North Riding o

291. An act for making several Lines of Railway between Penistone, Barnsley, Elsecar, and Doncaster, in the West Riding of Yorkshire, to be called "The South Yorkshire, Doncaster, and Goole Railway;" and for authorizing the Purchase of Part of the Sheffield, Rotherham, Barnsley, Wakefield, Huddersfield, and Goole Railway, and of the Dun Navigation and Dearne and Dove Canal.

292. An act for enabling the Wear Valley Railway Company to purchase or lease the Bishop Auckland and Weardale Railway, the Wear and Derwent Railway, the Weardale Extension Railway, and the Shildon Tunnel, and to raise an additional Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

293. An act for establishing a general Cemetery for the Interment of the Dead in the Parish of Newbury near the Town of Newbury in the County of Berks.

294. An act to empower the London and North-western Railway Company to make divers Branch Railways in the County of Lancaster; and for other Purposes.

295. An act for the Consolidation of the Duffryn Llynvi and Porth Cawl Railway Company with the Llnyvi Valley Railway Company.

296. An act for forming and regulating "The Timber Preserving Company;" and to enable the said Company to purchase and work certain Letters Patent.

297. An act for improving and regulating the Harbour of Sutton Pool within the Port of Plymouth in the County of Devon.

