Local Acts passed in 1847-8, 11 & 12 Victoria c.1 - c.163.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1848.
---

1. An act for better assessing and collecting the Poor Rates, Lighting, Watching, and Highway Rates, in the Parish of Kettering in the County of Northampton.

2. An act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Leicester to establish a general Cemetery for such Borough.

3. An act for the Consecration of a Portion of the Manchester General Cemetery.

4. An act for extending the Time for building a Bridge over the River Avon from Clifton to the opposite Side of the River in the County of Somerset.

5. An act to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the Leicester Navigation to abandon the Railways or Stone Roads and Water Levels commonly known, as "The Forest Line," and to enable them to sell the Lands over which the same passes, and the Reservoir and other Works connected there with.

6. An act for supplying the Parish and Township or Borough of Folkestone with Water.

7. An act to enable the Company of Proprietors of Lambeth Waterworks to construct additional Works, and for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Lambeth in the County of Surrey and other Parishes and Places with Water.

8. An act for the better supplying with Water the Royal Burgh of Stirling and Suburbs thereof.

9. An act to enable the Birkenhead Dock Company to sell or lease their Land.

10. An act to authorize the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks to build Warehouses, to construct additional Wet Docks and other Works, and for other Purposes.

11. An act for constructing and maintaining a Pier, Jetty, or Stage, with necessary Approaches thereto, at Dover in the County of Kent.

12. An act for lighting with Gas the Township of Morley in the Parish of Batley in the West Riding of the County of York.

13. An act for amending "The Bristol and Clifton Gaslight Act, 1847."

14. An act for incorporating the Southampton Gaslight Company, and for supplying at a limited Price the Town and Neighbourhood of Southampton with Gas.

15. An act to amend and enlarge the Provisions of an act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An act for better supplying with Gas the City of Worcester and the Suburbs thereof and to enable the Worcester New Gaslight Company incorporated by the said Act to raise a further Sum of Money.

16. An act for providing a Market for the Sale of Cattle and other Animals in the Borough of Shrewsbury in the County of Salop.

17. An act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for establishing and governing the Magdalen Hospital.

18. An act for the Regulation of certain public Sufferance Wharves in the Port of London.

19. An act to effect an Agreement between the Visitors of the Lunatic Asylum for the County of Leicester and the Corporation of the Borough of Leicester, for the Admission of Lunatic Paupers from the said Borough into the said Asylum.

20. An act for the Incorporation, Establishment, and Regulation of "Price's Patent Candle Company," and for enabling the said Company to purchase and work Letters Patent.

21. An act to authorize certain Alterations in the Hitchin, Northampton, and Huntingdon Extension of the Midland Railways; and for other Purposes.

22. An act for enabling the North-western Railway Company to make certain Alterations and Diversions in the Main Line of their Railway at Skipton, Carterton, and Sedbergh, and in the Lancaster Branch of their Railway at Bulk.

23. An act to authorize the leasing of the Aberdare Railway, with the Branch Railway and Works connected therewith, to the Taff Vale Railway Company.

24. An act for enabling the York, Newcastle, and Berwick Railway Company to improve their Main Line of Railway, and to make certain Branches in the County of Durham; and for other Purposes.

25. An act to empower the North British Railway Company to raise additional Capital for certain Purposes.

26. An act to enable the Kendal and Windermere Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to amend the Act relating to such Railway.

27. An act for enabling the South Wales Railway Company to hold Shares in the Undertaking of the Vale of Neath Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

28. An act for enabling the Bristol and Exeter Railway Company to purchase the Glastonbury Navigation and Canal, and for amending the Acts relating to such Railway and Canal.

29. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Waterford, Wexford, Wicklow, and Dublin Railway, and to enable the South Wales Railway Company to subscribe thereto.

30. An act to enable the Norfolk Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and for other Purposes.

31. An act for abolishing the Duties now payable under the Act of 7 George I., commonly called Saint Georges Chapel Act, and for otherwise varying the Provisions thereof, and enacting other Duties and Provisions in lieu thereof.

32. An act to raise a further Sum of Money for the Court House and Offices at Hamilton, and to alter the Mode of assessing and levying certain Rates and Assessments in the County of Lanark.

33. An act for removing and regulating the Markets and Fairs held in the Borough and Liberties of Oswestry, and for completing and providing convenient Market Places and Places for Fairs, with proper Approaches thereto.

34. An act for maintaining and improving the Harbour of Looe in the County of Cornwall, and for taking down the present Bridge between East and West Looe across the said Harbour, and erecting a new Bridge instead thereof.

35. An act for maintaining, regulating, and improving the Harbour of Barrow in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

36. An act for better supplying with Water the Borough of Derby, and certain Parishes and Places adjacent thereto, in the County of Derby.

37. An act to amend Three Acts of His Majesty King George the Third, and another Act of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, for amending certain Mileways leading to Oxford, and making Improvements in the University and City of Oxford, the Suburbs thereof, and adjoining Parish of Saint Clement; and for other Purposes.

38. An act to amalgamate the Liverpool Gaslight Company and the Liverpool New Gas and Coke Company.

39. An act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, and of an act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, for supplying the Towns of Old and New Brentford in the County of Middlesex, and other Places therein mentioned, with Gas.

40. An act to repeal the Provisions of Two several Acts for lighting with Gas the Town of Brighthelmstone in the County of Sussex, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

41. An act to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation and the Airdrie and Coatbridge Water Company to enter into Agreements for certain Purposes.

42. An act to enable the Herculaneum Dock Company to sell or lease Lands at Toxteth Park in the County of Lancaster.

43. An act for facilitating the Transfer of the Bristol Docks to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Bristol and for other Purposes.

44. An act for the further Extension and Improvement of the Ferry, Harbours, Piers, and other Works at Queensferry on the Frith of Forth; and for certain other Purposes connected therewith.

45. An act for establishing direct Steam Communications across the River Tyne between the Towns of North and South Shields, and between other Places in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland.

46. An act for incorporating the North of Scotland Fire and Life Assurance Company, under the Name of "The Northern Assurance Company;" for enabling the said Company to sue and be sued, and to take, hold, and transfer Property; for confirming the Rules and Regulations of the said Company; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

47. An act for enabling "The Patent Galvanized Iron Company" to purchase and work certain Letters Patent.

48. An act for repealing an act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, for making a Road from Battle Bridge to Holloway in the County of Middlesex.

49. An act for repairing the Road from Nantwich to Wheelock Wharf in the County Palatine of Chester; and to repeal an act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third; and to continue and extend the Trust.

50. An act to amend an act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for repairing and maintaining the Roads from the Town of Dundalk in the County of Louth to the Towns of Castle Blayney and Carrickmacross in the County of Monaghan.

51. An act for repealing an act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for making, repairing, and improving certain Roads leading to and from Truro in the County of Cornwall, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; for forming, vesting, and improving certain Roads; and for continuing and extending the Truro Turnpike Trust.

52. An act to enable the Dundee and Perth Railway Company to make a Junction Line of Railway into the Royal Burgh of Dundee.

53. An act to continue and amend the Act relating to the Drumpeller Railway.

54. An act to enable the Arbroath and Forfar Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

55. An act for enabling the York, Newcastle, and Berwick Railway Company to deviate or alter Part of their Thirsk and Malton Branch Railway, and to abandon Part of the same; and for other Purposes.

56. An act for enabling the Leeds and Thirsk Railway Company to make a Railway from Melmerby to Northallerton, and to form a Junction with the York and Newcastle Railway.

57. An act for enabling the Leeds and Thirsk Railway Company to alter the Levels of certain Portions of the Leeds and Hartlepool Railway, and to alter the proposed Junctions with the Stockton and Darlington Railway in Eaglescliffe; and for other Purposes.

58. An act for enabling the Manchester South Junction and Altrincham Railway Company to provide additional Station Accommodation in Manchester; and for other Purposes.

59. An act to authorize the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

60. An act to enable the Chester and Holyhead Railway Company to purchase, hire, and use Steam Boats; and for other Purposes.

61. An act to enable the Waterford and Kilkenny Railway Company to make certain Deviations in the authorized Line of the said Railway; and to amend the Act relating thereto.

62. An act to alter the Line of the Great Grimsby Branch of the East Lincolnshire Railway, and to amend and enlarge the Provisions of the Acts relating to the East Lincolnshire Railway.

63. An act for enabling the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company to make a Railway to Barnsley, with Branches therefrom, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

64. An act for enabling the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company to make improved Communications to their Station in Manchester.

65. An act to authorize the South Yorkshire, Doncaster, and Goole Railway Company to construct a Branch Railway to the Great Northern Railway at Doncaster.

66. An act to authorize certain Alterations of the North Staffordshire Railway.

67. An act to enable the Aberdeen Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

68. An act for enabling the Leeds and Thirsk Railway Company to make a Railway by Harrogate to Pateley; and for other Purposes.

69. An act to enable the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company to carry the Line of their Railway across Sheffield Street in Manchester, to increase their Station Accommodation at Manchester and Stalybridge, and for other Purposes.

70. An act to enable the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company to make certain Branches, and to alter the Tunnel at Glasgow; and for other Purposes.

71. An act for making a Railway Station on the North Side of the River Aire in Leeds in the West Riding of the County of York, to be called "The Leeds Central Railway Station."

72. An act to enable the Scottish Midland Junction Railway Company to make Branch Railways to Birnam and to the Dunkeld Branch of the Scottish Midland Junction Railway, and also to abandon Portion of the original Line of the said Dunkeld Branch.

73. An act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to improve the Glasgow, Garnkirk, and Coatbridge and the Clydesdale Junction Railways.

74. An act for making a Railway from the Berks and Hants Railway at Hungerford to join the Line of the Wilts, Somerset, and Weymouth Railway at Westbury and Devizes.

75. An act for authorizing certain Deviations in the Line of the Windsor, Staines, and South-western Railway.

76. An act to make a Deviation in the authorized Line of the Midland Gteat Western Railway of Ireland, and to amend the Acts relating to the Company.

77. An act to enable the Bristol and Exeter Railway Company to make a Branch Railway from the Bristol and Exeter Railway in the Parish of Bleadon to the City of Wells, the Town of Glastonbury, and the Parish of Street, all in the County of Somerset.

78. An act to enable the Glasgow, Paisley, and Greenock Railway Company to make a certain Branch Railway; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Railway.

79. An act to authorize the Abandonment of a Portion of the Londonderry and Enniskillen Railway, and the Enlargement of the intended Station at Londonderry; and for other Purposes.

80. An act to enable the Whitehaven Junction Railway Company to extend their Railway from the present Terminus thereof at Whitehaven to the Patent Slip Yard in Whitehaven, to make Branches to Whitehaven Harbour, to deviate the Line at Parton, and to alter, enlarge, and extend the Company’s Stations, Railways, and Works; and for other Purposes.

81. An act for enabling the Hartlepool Dock and Railway Company and the Great North of England, Clarence, and Hartlepool Junction Railway Company to lease their respective Railways and Works to the York, Newcastle, and Berwick Railway Company.

82. An act to enable the Bristol and Exeter Railway Company to make a Branch Railway from the Parish of Lyng, near the Town of Taunton, to join the Wilts, Somerset, and Weymouth Railway near Castle Cary in the County of Somerset.

83. An act for making a Branch Railway from the Churnet Valley Line of the North Staffordshire Railway in the Parish of Rocester in the County of Stafford to Ashbourne in the County of Derby.

84. An act to regulate the Charges for the Conveyance of Traffic on the Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock, and Ayr Railway, and for other Purposes.

85. An act for making a Railway from Exeter to Yeovil, with Branches and an Extension therefrom, to be called "The Exeter, Yeovil, and Dorchester Railway."

86. An act for vesting in the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-Lyne and Oldham.

87. An act to enable the London and South-western Railway Company to make a Railway from Salisbury to Yeovil, with Branches to Shaftesbury, and to the Exeter, Yeovil, and Dorchester and Wilts, Somerset, and Weymouth Railways.

88. An act to enable the Midland Railway Company to make certain Branches from and Enlargements of their Railway; and for other Purposes.

89. An act for amalgamating the Southampton and Dorchester Railway Company with the London and South-western Railway Company.

90. An act to amend the Acts relating to the London and Blackwall Railway, and to authorize the Company to alter the Gauge of their Railway, and to make certain Improvements in the Approaches to the said Railway, and to make Branches to the London and Saint Katherine's Docks.

91. An act to enable the Whitehaven Junction Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and to amend the Act relating to the said Railway.

92. An act for improving the Steam Communication across the River Humber belonging to the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company; for erecting a Pier at Kingston-upon-Hull, and enlarging the Works at New Holland; for making a connecting Line near Habrough in the County of Lincoln; for regulating the Pilotage of the Port of Great Grimsby; and for amending the Acts relating to the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company.

93. An act to enable the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company to construct an additional or enlarged Station at Sheffield, and to make a Branch Railway to the Sheffield Canal.

94. An act for vesting in the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company the Sheffield Canal.

95. An act to enable the Plymouth Great Western Dock Company to raise further Capital, and to authorize the Great Western, the Bristol and Exeter, and.South Devon Railway Companies to subscribe to the Plymouth Great Western Docks; and for other Purposes.

96. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Newry Navigation.

97. An act to enable the Warden and Assistants of the Harbour of Dovor in the County of Kent to raise a further Sum of Money.

98. An act to improve the Harbour of Burntisland in the County of Fife.

99. An act for constructing a Harbour at Leek Robie, and for maintaining the Harbour of Little Ferry, both in the County of Sutherland.

100. An act for establishing a general Cemetery for the Interment of the Dead in the Parish of Saint Mary on the Hill in the City of Chester.

101. An act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of "The Manchester Corporation Waterworks Act, 1847."

102. An act to amend, extend, and enlarge the Powers of an act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An act for better lighting, cleansing, sewering, and improving the Borough of Leeds in the County of York; and to give to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the said Borough further and more effectual Powers for draining and sewering the said Borough.

103. An act for dissolving and facilitating the Winding-up of the Affairs of "The Patent Galvanized Iron Company," trading under the Firm or Style of Malins and Rawlinsons.

104. An act to amend the Acts for improving the Drainage and Navigation of the Middle Level of the Fens, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

105. An act to enable Low's Patent Copper Company to work certain Letters Patent.

106. An act for incorporating the Scottish Provident Institution, for confirming the Laws and Regulations thereof, for enabling the said Society to sue and be sued, to take and to hold Property; and for other Purposes relating to said Society.

107. An act to amend and continue the Term of an act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An act to continue the Term of an act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from Dublin to Mullingar, and for repealing the several Laws heretofore made relating to the said Road.

108. An act for authorizing the Trustees of the Tadcaster and Halton Dial Turnpike Road to make a Diversion or Alteration of such Part of the Line of the Tadcaster and Halton Dial Turnpike Road as lies in the Parish of Tadcaster in the West Riding of the County of York.

109. An act to enable the President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer, and Members of the Philanthropic Society to sell and grant Leases of the Lands belonging to them, and to purchase other Lands; and for other Purposes relating to the said Society.

110. An act to incorporate the Members of the Institution called "The Orphan Working School," now established at Haverstock Hill, Hampstead Road, in the County of Middlesex, and to enable them the better to carry on their charitable Designs.

111. An act to alter and amend some of the Provisions of the Acts relating to the London and Blackwall Railway Company.

112. An act to enable the Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company to make Branch Railways to Roscobie, Keltyhead, and Glencraig; and for certain other Purposes.

113. An act for more effectually watching, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of the City of Edinburgh and adjoining Districts, for regulating the Police thereof, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

114. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Great Northern Railway Company; and to enable the Company to make an Extension of their Railway from the Parish of Saundby in Nottinghamshire to the Askern Branch of the Wakefield, Pontefract, and Goole Railway in the Parish of Owston in the West Riding of Yorkshire, with a Branch to rejoin the Great Northern Railway in the Parish of Snaith in the said West Riding.

115. An act for enabling the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to make certain Modifications of their Share Capital; and for other Purposes.

116. An act to enable the Edinburgh and Bathgate Railway Company to extend their Whitburn Branch, and to alter or deviate their Uphall and Binnie Branch.

117. An act to authorize a Deviation in the Line of the Londonderry and Coleraine Railway, and to amend the Act relating thereto.

118. An act to facilitate the Construction of the Cowlairs Branch of the Glasgow, Airdrie, and Monklands Junction Railway by the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company, and to grant further Powers to that Company.

119. An act to enable the Royston and Hitchin Railway Company to extend their Line of Railway from Royston to Shepresh, and to make a Deviation of the authorized Line at Hitchin.

120. An act to amend the Provisions of the Newport and Pontypool Railway Act, 1845.

121. An act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to extend their Railway across the River Clyde at Glasgow, and to form a Station in that City.

122. An act for the Amendment and Continuation of the Burgh Customs, and Water, Shore, and Harbour Rates, of the Burgh of Dunbar, and for other Purposes connected with the said Burgh, and the Supply of Water to the same and the Harbour thereof.

123. An act to provide for the Municipal and Police Government of the Burgh of Leith, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

124. An act for the better carrying on the Affairs of the Grand Canal Company.

125. An act for enabling the London and South-western Railway Company to effect certain Extensions and Deviations at Godalming, Cosham, London Bridge, Southampton, and Poole, and certain Arrangements respecting Steam Packets; and for other Purposes.

126. An act to enable the Furness Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to purchase Steam Vessels; and for the Amendment of the Acts relating to the said Company.

127. An act to authorize certain Deviations in the Main Line of the Stirling and Dunfermline Railway, and for other Purposes.

128. An act to enable the Whitehaven and Furness Junction Railway Company to deviate or extend their Line of Railway from Silecroft to Foxfield, and to abandon a Portion of their Line between Silecroft and Ireleth; to make Branches to Whitehaven Harbour; and for other Purposes.

129. An act to enable the Dundee and Arbroath Railway Company to make a Junction Line of Railway into the Royal Burgh of Dundee.

130. An act for enabling the London and North-western Railway Company to make a Branch Railway from the Coventry and Nuneaton Line in the Parish of Exhall to the Craven Colliery, and another Branch Railway from the same Coventry and Nuneaton Line at Bedworth to the Mount Pleasant Colliery, to construct a new Approach Road to the Station of the London and North-western Railway at Tamworth, and to enlarge the Rugby Station of the last-mentioned Railway, all in the County of Warwick; and for other Purposes.

131. An act to enable the Midland Railway Company to construct a Railway from Gloucester to Stonehouse, and for other Purposes connected with the Bristol and Gloucester Line of the Midland Railway.

132. An act to alter and amend the Acts relating to the Newry and Enniskillen Railway Company, and to enable them to make Arrangements with other Railway Companies.

133. An act to authorize an Alteration of the Line of the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway; and for other Purposes.

134. An act to amalgamate the Monkland and Kirkintilloch, Ballochney, and Slamannan Railways.

135. An act for making a Railway from the Great Western Railway near Slough to the Town of New Windsor in the County of Berks.

136. An act for making an Alteration in the New Cross Station; and for amending the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway.

137. An act to enable the Trustees of the Worcester Turnpike Road to make certain new Roads, and to improve and more effectually maintain the several Roads leading into and from the City of Worcester.

138. An act for establishing a Market and Fair in the Borough of Avon otherwise Aberavon in the County of Glamorgan.

139. An act for the better regulating and improving the Port and Harbour of New Ross in the Counties of Wexford and Kilkenny.

140. An act for better paving, lighting, watching, sewering, draining, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town and Neighbourhood of Huddersfield in the West Riding of the County of York, for maintaining an efficient Police, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

141. An act for the Improvement of the Borough of Londonderry.

142. An act for incorporating "The West of England and South Wales Land Draining Company;" and for enabling Owners of limited Interests in Land to charge the same for the Purposes of Drainage, Irrigation, Warping, Embankment, Reclamation, Inclosure, and Improvement.

143. An act to improve the River Nene and Wisbech River, and the Drainage of Lands discharging their Waters into the same.

144. An act to alter and amend the several Acts relating to the Birkenhead Commissioners Docks, and to transfer the several Powers of the said Commissioners to a Corporate Body to be entitled "The Trustees of the Birkenhead Docks;" and for other Purposes.

145. An act for continuing the Term of an act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Hulme, across the River Irwell, through Salford, to Eccles, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and a Branch of Road communicating therewith, so far as relates to the Road from Hulme to Eccles, for the Purpose of enabling the Trustees to pay off the Debt now due on the said Roads.

146. An act for altering and amending an act passed for maintaining the Road from Crossford Bridge to Manchester, and a Branch connected therewith.

147. An act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Richmond to Reeth in the County of York.

148. An act to enable the Wishaw and Coltness Railway Company to divert and improve certain Portions of their Line.

149. An act to enable "The Timber Preserving Company" to purchase and work certain Letters Patent, and for confirming the same.

150. An act for draining, warping, and otherwise improving Thorne Moor in the West Riding of Yorkshire.

151. An act to authorize the Endowment and Consecration of a new Chapel at Marlborough, and the Annexation of the same to Marlborough College.

152. An act to amend the Act for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts and Demands within the City of London and the Liberties thereof.

153. An act for the Establishment of the Farmers Estate Society, Ireland.

154. An act to enable the Dundee and Perth Railway Company to take a Lease of the Undertaking of the Dundee and Arbroath Railway Company, and to amend the Acts relating to such Companies respectively.

155. An act for making a Railway from Paisley to Barrhead, with certain Branch Railways therewith connected, to be called "The Paisley, Barrhead, and Hurlet Railway."

156. An act to make a Deviation in the authorized Line of the Manchester, Buxton, Matlock, and Midlands Junction Railway, together with a Branch to Bakewell.

157. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Exeter and Exmouth Railway Company.

158. An act to enable the Great Western Railway Company to construct a Loop Line from the Birmingham and Oxford Junction Railway through the Town of Leamington; and for other Purposes.

159. An act to confer additional Powers on the Great Western Railway Company with reference to an Agreement of the Twelfth of November 1846, for the Purchase by them of the Birmingham and Oxford Junction and Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and Dudley Railways.

160. An act to enable the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company to hold Shares in the Edinburgh and Bathgate Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

161. An act for the more effectually paving, lighting, watching, draining, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town and Neighbourhood of Walsall in the County of Stafford, for improving the Markets, and for the better assessing the Poor’s Rates, Highway Rates, Church Rates, and other local Rates within the Parish of Walsall in the said County.

162. An act for granting further Powers to the Clerkenwell Improvement Commissioners for the Purpose of enabling them to complete the new Street and the Improvements connected therewith.

163. An act to provide for the Sanatory Improvement of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and for the better cleansing, sewering, paving, and lighting the same.

