Local Acts passed in 1849-50, 12 & 13 Victoria c.1 - c.95.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1850.
---

1. An act to enable the Blackburn Waterworks Company to raise a farther Sum of Money; and to amend the Act relating thereto.

2. An act for enabling the Sunderland Water Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and for amending and enlarging the Provisions of the Act relating to such Company.

3. An act for supplying the District of Brierley Hill in the Parish of Kingswinford in the County of Stafford with Gas.

4. An act for more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Roxburgh and Berwick.

5. An act to authorize the Warrington Waterworks Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

6. An act for better establishing and maintaining the Market Place and Markets at Longton, heretofore called Lane End, in the Parish of Stoke-upon-Trent in the County of Stafford.

7. An act for improving the Drainage of Feltwell Second District in the County of Norfolk, and for amending the Acts relating to the same.

8. An act for lighting with Gas and supplying with Water the Town and Borough of Darlington and the Suburbs thereof in the County of Durham.

9. An act for enabling the Nottingham Gaslight and Coke Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and for amending some of the Provisions of the Act relating to such Company.

10. An act for more effectually assessing and collecting the Poor Rate and all other Rates and Assessments in the Parish of Epsom in the County of Surrey, and for the better Management of the Business and Affairs of the said Parish; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

11. An act for making and maintaining Docks near to Wareham in the County of Dorset, with an Entrance thereto from Wareham Channel.

12. An act for better assessing the Poor Rates on small Tenements in certain Parishes and Places within the Union of Kidderminster.

13. An act for the Dissolution of the Argyll Canal Company, and for the Abandonment of their Undertaking.

14. An act to amend an act for the better regulating and improving the Port and Harbour of New Ross in the Counties of Wexford and Kilkenny.

15. An act to enable the Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

16. An act for the Management and Disposal of the Freemen’s Pastures in the Parish of Great Grimsby in the Parts of Lindsey in the County of Lincoln; and for other Purposes.

17. An act for better supplying the Town, Port, and Harbour of Whitehaven and other Places with Water.

18. An act for altering the Mode of assessing the Drainage Rates authorized by the Act for draining and improving Marshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen in the Country of Marshland in the County of Norfolk, and to provide for the Repair of Roads within the Limits of the said Act.

19. An act for enabling the North-western Railway Company to make an Extension of the Lancaster Branch of their Railway, and a new Road to Settle Station, and to abandon the William Lands Branch; and for other Purposes.

20. An act for authorizing the Bradford Waterworks Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

21. An act for incorporating the Bury Saint Edmund’s Gas Company, and for better supplying the Town and Borough of Bury Saint Edmunds in the County of Suffolk with Gas.

22. An act to incorporate the Scottish Amicable Life Assurance Society; to enable the said Society to sue and be sued, and to take and hold Property; and for other Purposes relating to the said Society.

23. An act to amend and equalize the Rates and Duties leviable at the Port and Harbour of Perth, to authorize the borrowing of an additional Sum of Money, and for other Purposes in relation thereto.

24. An act to amend an act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for embanking, draining, and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parish of Ramsey in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Doddington, March, Benwick, Wimblington, and Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, so far as relates to the Lower or Fifth District, and to annex other Lands thereto.

25. An act for amending an act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, for lighting with Gas and supplying with Water the Town of Hartlepool and the Neighbourhood thereof in the County of Durham.

26. An act for better supplying with Water the Borough of Macclesfield in the County of Chester, and for other Purposes connected with the said Borough.

27. An act for enabling the Leeds and Thirsk Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money for the Completion of their Railways, to guarantee Interest on certain Shares, and for other Purposes.

28. An act for making a short Railway to connect the Line of the Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway with the Line of the London and South-western Railway; and for other Purposes.

29. An act to vest the Stainforth and Keadby Canal in the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun.

30. An act for enlarging, improving, and maintaining the Harbour of Kirkcaldy in the County of Fife,for regulating the Petty Customs of the Burgh of Kirkcaldy, and for other Purposes relating to the said Harbour and Burgh.

31. An act to amend "The Sunderland Dock Act, 1846," and for other Purposes.

32. An act for defining the Boundaries of the Parishes of Whittlesey Saint Mary and Whittlesey Saint Andrew in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge for Ecclesiastical Purposes, for the Union of the said Parishes for other Purposes, and for better paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise regulating and improving the Town of Whittlesey.

33. An act for extending the Powers of the London and South-western Railway Company for purchasing Lands for and completing the Works of the Railways from Basingstoke to Salisbury and from Farnham to Alton; and for other Purposes.

34. An act for enabling the Windsor, Staines, and South-western (Richmond to Windsor) Railway Company to make an Extension of their Railway to the Town of New Windsor; and for other Purposes.

35. An act for the further Improvement of the Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne.

36. An act to extend the Provisions and enlarge the Powers of the Staffordshire Potteries Waterworks Act, 1847.

37. An act for granting further Powers to the London Gaslight Company.

38. An act to enable the Cockermouth and Workington Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to Bridgefoot; and for amending the Act relating to their Railway.

39. An act for vesting the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal in the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company.

40. An act to confer certain Powers on the Railway Passengers Assurance Company.

41. An act to enable the Chester and Holyhead Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

42. An act for making the Parish of Richmond in the County of Surrey a District Vicarage, by dividing the Vicarage of Kingston-upon-Thames and Sheen otherwise Richmond into Two separate Vicarages, and for providing a Stipend and Residence for the Vicar of Richmond aforesaid, and for extinguishing the Vicarial Tithes in the Parish of Richmond, and for other Purposes relating to such Vicarages.

43. An act to authorize the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Railway Company to alter the Alston Branch of their Railway, to make a Branch Railway therefrom, and for other Purposes.

44. An act for consolidating the Trusts of the Truro Turnpike Roads and the Penryn and Redruth Turnpike Roads in the County of Cornwall, and for making a new Turnpike Road from Bosvigo Bridge to the Turnpike Road from Truro to Redruth, and for making the Road or Highway from Ferris Town to Bosvigo Bridge a Turnpike Road, and for maintaining all such Roads; and for other Purposes.

45. An act for amending an act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for dividing and leasing or letting certain Commons or Waste Grounds within the Borough and Township of Congleton in the County of Chester, and for applying the Profits of Part of the same in aid of the Poor’s Rate or other Taxes or public Expenses within the said Township.

46. An act to facilitate the Prosecution of Criminal Offences before Her Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in the County of Renfrew, and to simplify the Proceedings therein and lessen the Costs thereof.

47. An act to alter and amend an act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for more effectually amending the Road leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey to Highgate in the County of Sussex, and several other Roads therein mentioned, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

48. An act for the Improvement of the Haven, Bridge, and Navigation of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk.

49. An act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to Joshua Procter Westhead of Manchester, Manufacturer.

50. An act to alter, amend, extend, and enlarge some of the Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway, and for making Extensions of some of the Branches of the said Railway, and for making other Provisions in relation to the said Railway and to the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company.

51. An act for improving the Approaches to the Charing Cross Bridge on the Surrey Side thereof, and for amending the Acts relating thereto; for authorizing the raising of a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

52. An act for extending the Time and Powers for making the Ely and Huntingdon Railway, and for amending the Act relating to the East Anglian Railways.

53. An act for the Dissolution of the East Lothian Central Railway Company, and for the Abandonment of the Railway.

54. An act to consolidate the several Acts relating to the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company, to enable the Company to alter their Line of Railway in the Parishes of Egglescliffe and Stockton-on-Tees, and to increase their Capital, and to vest in them the Middlesbrough Dock.

55. An act to authorize the Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company to make certain Branches to the River Dee, with Wharfs and other Conveniences connected therewith, to enter into Agreements for a joint Station at Shrewsbury, and to subscribe towards the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway.

56. An act regulating and maintaining Markets in the Town of Torquay in the County of Devon, and for constructing convenient Market Places therein.

57. An act for repairing the Road leading from Chatteris Ferry to Wisbech, and from thence to Tid Gote in the Isle of Ely and to Downham Bridge in the County of Norfolk, and to authorize the Conversion of the Wisbech and March Low Road into Turnpike.

58. An act for enabling the York, Newcastle, and Berwick Railway Company to make certain Branches in the Counties of Northumberland and Newcastle-upon-Tyne; and for other Purposes.

59. An act to alter and amend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Black Sluice Drainage, to extend the Time by "The Black Sluice Drainage Act, 1846," limited for the Completion of the Works, to authorize the levying and raising of further Rates and Monies, to alter existing Rates and Tolls, and for other Purposes.

60. An act for enabling the York and North Midland Railway Company to divert their Railways between Market Wcighton and Beverley and Copmanthorpe and Tadcaster, all in the County of York; and for other Purposes.

61. An act for making a Branch from the Taff Vale Railway to Dowlais, and for other Purposes.

62. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Irish South-eastern Railway.

63. An act for maintaining, improving, and keeping in repair certain Roads in the County of Lanark to be called "The East and West Lanarkshire Turnpike Roads."

64. An act to extend the present Tinsley and Doncaster Turnpike Road from Tinsley to Sheffield, and for other Purposes.

65. An act for more effectually managing and repairing the Road leading from Flimwell Vent in the County of Sussex to the Town and Port of Hastings in the said County.

66. An act for continuing the Term of an act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An act for continuing certain Powers to the Trustees of the New North Road, leading from the South End of Highbury Place, Islington, to Haberdashers Walk in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the County of Middlesex, and for vesting the Management of the said Road in the Metropolis Roads Commissioners, for the Purpose of paying off the Debt due thereon.

67. An act to effect the Sale of the Wishaw and Coltness Railway to the Caledonian Railway Company.

68. An act to continue and amend the Powers of an act for repairing and improving the Roads from Dublin, by Ashbourne, to Slane and Drogheda.

69. An act for enabling the Dock Company at Kingston-upon-Hull to raise a further Sum of Money; and for amending some of the Provisions of the Acts relating to such Company.

70. An act for better enabling the Rock Life Assurance Company to sue and be sued, and to alter certain Provisions of their Deed of Settlement, and to give further Powers to the Company.

71. An act to amend the Acts relating to the East Lancashire Railway Company, and to enable the same Company to make certain Branches at Preston.

72. An act to authorize the Transfer of the Wilsontown, Morningside, and Coltness Railway to, and to vest the same in, the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company.

73. An act to extend the Time for the Purchase of Lands required for the widening of the London and Blackwall Railway, and to amend the Acts relating to such Railway.

74. An act for vesting in the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and the London and North-western Railway Company the Preston and Wyre Railway, Harbour, and Dock, and all the Works, Property, and Effects belonging thereto.

75. An act to transfer the Sheffield Canal to the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun.

76. An act for more effectually repairing the Commercial Road, and other Roads connected therewith, in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex.

77. An act for confirming and carrying into effect an Arrangement made by the Court of Chancery concerning the Proprietors of the Bowling Iron Company, and for granting certain Powers to the said Company.

78. An act for regulating and improving the Markets and Fairs in the Borough of Louth in the County of Lincoln.

79. An act to enable the Edinburgh and Northern Railway Company to construct a Low-water Pier and other Works at Oranton; and for other Purposes.

80. An act to incorporate the Governors of the Hospital for Consumption and Diseases of the Chest, and to authorize the Establishment of a Chapel in connexion with the said Hospital, and to enable the said Governors the better to carry on their charitable Designs.

81. An act to consolidate into One Act and to amend the Provisions of the several Railway and Dock Acts relating to the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company, and to amend their Canal Acts.

82. An act to amend and extend the Provisions of certain Acts for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Binbrooke Saint Mary and Binbrooke Saint Gabriel in the County of Lincoln, and to vary the Awards made thereunder, and to unite the said Parishes.

83. An act to incorporate the Great Indian Peninsula Railway Company, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

84. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Great Northern Railway, and to make a Diversion of such Railway at Bentley-with-Arksey in the West Riding of Yorkshire, and to enlarge the Boston, Lincoln, and London Stations of such Railway.

85. An act to alter and amend some of the Powers and Provisions of the Shrewsbury and Birmingham Railway Acts, and to authorize the Formation of certain Branch Railways, a navigable Canal, and other Works connected with the same respectively; and for other Purposes.

86. An act to authorize a Deviation of the Branch Line of the Stirling and Dunfermline Railway to Alloa Harbour, and the Diversion of certain Works; to extend the Time for the compulsory Purchase of certain Lands; and for other Purposes.

87. An act to amend the several Acts relating to the Lancaster and Preston Junction Railway Company, and to transfer the Management of the Railway to the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway Company.

88. An act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the Acts relating to the Ardrossan Harbour and to the Glasgow, Kilmarnock, and Ardrossan Railway.

89. An act to amend and extend and partly repeal the Provisions of an act of Parliament for erecting the Town of Airdrie into a Burgh; to provide for the Municipal and Police Government of said Burgh, and for the better paving, watching, lighting, and cleansing, and for regulating the Police, and managing the Statute Labour of the said Burgh; for consolidating the Provisions of other Acts; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

90. An act to effectuate a Lease of the Glasgow, Barrhead, and Neilston Direct Railway to the Caledonian Railway Company.

91. An act for the Incorporation of the General Land Drainage and Improvement Company, and for facilitating the Execution of Land Drainage and other Improvements.

92. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Eastern Union Railway Company.

93. An act for incorporating the East Indian Railway Company, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

94. An act to amend an act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for regulating Elections within the City of London, and for preserving the Peace, good Order, and Government of the said City.

95. An act to amend the "Norfolk Estuary Act, 1846," and to enable the Eau Brink Commissioners and the Corporation of King's Lynn to contribute towards the Undertaking, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

