Local Acts passed in 1851, 14 & 15 Victoria c.1 - c.146.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1851.
---

1. An act for repairing and managing the Roads from the Road at Pyecombe to Hand Cross, and from Pyecombe to the Road at Poynings Common, in the County of Sussex.

2. An act for the Improvement of the Sewerage of the Borough of Leicester, and for making other Provisions for the Sanitary Regulation of such Borough.

3. An act for building a Bridge over Ouseburn, with Approaches thereto, in the Borough and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

4. An act to make the Limits of the Dewsbury Gas Act commensurate with the whole of the Parish of Dewsbury and the Township of Batley in the Parish of Batley; and to authorize the raising of a further Sum of Money.

5. An act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to John Laird of Birkenhead, Shipbuilder.

6. An act for establishing new Markets and Market Places in the City of Durham, for abolishing the Corn Tolls and for regulating the Markets and Fairs within the said City and the Suburbs thereof, and for other Purposes.

7. An act for altering and amending The Walworth Common Inclosure Act, 10 Geo. 3. Cap. 72.; for authorizing a Partition of the Walworth Common Estate; for incorporating the Governors and Guardians of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Newington in the County of Surrey, and for enabling such Governors and Guardians to erect a new Workhouse; for altering and amending the Acts 54 Geo. 3. Cap. 113. and the 1 Geo. 4. Cap. 41. relating to the said Parish; and for other Purposes.

8. An act for amending an act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parishes of Downham Market, Wimbotsham, Stow Bardolph, and Denver, in the County of Norfolk.

9. An act to confirm the Issue of certain Shares in the Reading Cemetery Company; to enable the Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

10. An act for Relief to the several Townships in the Parish of Manchester from the Repair of Highways not situate within such Townships respectively.

11. An act to extend and amend the Provisions of the Act relating to the Cheltenham and Painswick District of Turnpike Road in the County of Gloucester, and to create a further Term therein.

12. An act to amend and extend the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Cheltenham and Gloucester District of Turnpike Roads in the County of Gloucester, and to create a further Term therein.

13. An act for keeping in repair the Road from Appleby in the County of Westmoreland to Kirkby-in-Kendal, and from Orton to the Turnpike Road near Shap, and from Highgate near Tebay, through Kirkby Stephen, to Market Brough in the said County.

14. An act for incorporating “The Scarborough Gas Company,” for enabling the Company to raise a further Sum of Money for better supplying the Borough of Scarborough with Gas, and for other Purposes.

15. An act to amend and extend the Provisions of an act for widening and improving the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Town of Tenterden, through Woodchurch, to Warehorne, and the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Bethersden, through Woodchurch, to Appledore in the County of Kent; and to create a further Term therein.

16. An act to provide for the Alteration or Extinguishment of the existing Rights in the Freemen’s Pastures in the Township and Borough of Hartlepool in the County of Durham, and for the Appropriation and Management of such Pastures; for vesting in the Body Corporate of the Borough the Harbour Dues receivable by them; and for other Purposes.

17. An act to amend an act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Nether Bridge to Levens Bridge, and from thence through the Town of Millthrop to Dixes, and from the Town of Millthrop to Hangbridge, and from thence to join the Heronsyke Turnpike Road near Clawthrop Hall, in the County of Westmoreland. 26l

18. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Beck Fen Lane in the Parish of Mildenhall in the County of Suffolk to Littleport in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and other Roads therein mentioned in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

19. An act to authorize the Construction of a Bridge across the Lower Turnpike Road leading from Greenwich to Woolwich, and the crossing of a Footpath.

20. An act for maintaining in repair several Roads leading from and through the Town of Wiveliscombe in the County of Somerset, and the Roads adjoining thereto in the Counties of Somerset and Devon.

21. An act for making a Railway from the Chester and Holyhead Railway near Bangor to Port Dinorwic and Caernarvon.

22. An act to amend some of the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Bristol and Exeter Railway Company, and to grant to such Company certain Powers of holding Shares in other Undertakings.

23. An act for empowering the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company, and their Lessors, the Wear Valley Railway Company and the Middlesbrough and Redcar Railway Company, to raise more Money; and for other Purposes.

24. An act for repairing the Road leading from Shrewsbury to Bridgnorth, and several other Roads therein mentioned.

25. An act to enable the Scottish Central Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

26. An act for making a Railway from Halesworth to Beccles and Haddiscoe, with a Branch therefrom, to be called “The Halesworth, Beccles, and Haddiscoe Railway.”

27. An act for enabling the North British Railway Company to enlarge their Station at Edinburgh, and to make certain short Railways there and at Dalkeith; and for other Purposes.

28. An act for making a Branch Railway from the London and Blackwall Railway to Haydon Square, Whitechapel; and for amending some of the Powers of the Acts relating to the London and Blackwall Railway Company.

29. An act for extending the Benefit of the Royal Naval School to Children at present ineligible to be admitted therein, and for authorizing the Establishment of a Chapel in connexion with the said School, and for amending the Acts relating thereto.

30. An act for extending the Time limited for widening the London and Blackwall Railway, and for making the Branches to the London and Saint Katherine Docks; for erecting a Station and other Works at Rhodeswell in the Parish of Saint Anne; and for amending the Acts relating to the said Railway.

31. An act for continuing the Term and amending and extending the Provisions of the Act relating to the Western District of the Richmond and Lancaster Turnpike Road.

32. An act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Regent's Canal to enlarge the Reservoir on the River Brent; and to amend the Acts relating to the Canal.

33. An act to amend “The Leicester Waterworks Act, 1847,” to make certain Alterations in the Works, and to extend the Period for completing such Works; and also to authorize an Arrangement with the Local Board of Health for the Borough of Leicester.

34. An act for continuing the Term of the Derby, Ashborne, and Hurdloe Road Act, and for other Purposes.

35. An act for the making of a Railway from Mayfield in the County of Sussex to join the Railway from Tunbridge Wells to near Hastings of the South-eastern Railway Company, and to be called “The Mayfield Railway.”

36. An act for supplying the Inhabitants of the Town of Whitby and adjacent Places with Water.

37. An act for repairing and managing the Roads from the North End of the Town of Derby in the County of Derby to Sheffield in the County of York, and from Duffield to Wirksworth in the County of Derby.

38. An act for erecting and maintaining new Public Offices for the County of Aberdeen,for altering and enlarging the present Record Office of the County, and for other Purposes.

39. An act to authorize certain Alterations in the Line and Levels of the Malton and Driffield Junction Railway, and to amend the Act relating thereto.

40. An act for making a Railway from the Gloucester and Dean Forest Railway in the Parish of Westbury in the County of Gloucester to the City of Hereford.

41. An act to continue the Term of the Act of the Sixth Year of George the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-one (Local), so far as relates to the Turnpike Road between Manchester and Audenshaw in the Parish of Ashton-under-Lyne, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to make better Provision for the Repair of the Road; and for other Purposes.

42. An act to improve the Town of Harwich, to reclaim Part of the Foreshore of Harwich Harbour, and to construct Quays and a Pier, and for other Purposes.

43. An act to enable the Commercial Dock Company to purchase and enlarge the East Country Dock; to construct a Tramway to connect their Docks with the Deptford Branch Railway; and for other Purposes.

44. An act to authorize a Deviation in the Line of the Killarney and Valencia Railway, and to continue and revive the Powers granted by “The Killarney and Valencia Railway Act, 1847,” for the compulsory Purchase of Lands, and to extend the Period by such Act limited for the Completion of the said Railway.

45. An act to enable the Great Northern Railway Company to construct Stations at Knottingley and Wakefield; to increase their Capital; to enlarge their London Station; to amend their Acts; and for other Purposes.

46. An act to authorize Deviations of the Sheffield, Rotherham, Barnsley, Wakefield, Huddersfield, and Goole Railway between Sheffield and Barnsley; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Railway.

47. An act for altering the Name of the Leeds and Thirsk Railway Company to the Name of the Leeds Northern Railway Company, for extending the Time for Completion of certain Works, for regulating the Capital of the Company, and for other Purposes.

48. An act for enabling Arrangements with reference to the Purchase, Lease, or other Use by the Great Western Railway Company of the Wilts, Somerset, and Weymouth Railway, the Gloucester and Dean Forest Railway, and the South Wales Railway respectively, to be effected; and for other Purposes.

49. An act for making and maintaining Docks at Bay in the County of Glamorgan, with a Branch Line of Railway to the South Wales Railway.

50. An act for repairing the Road from the Town of Stroud in the County of Gloucester, through Pitchcomb, into the City of Gloucester.

51. An act for extending the Powers of Price's Patent Candle Company in relation to Letters Patent for Inventions applicable to their Undertaking.

52. An act to enable the South Wales Railway Company to make a new Railway in the Forest of Dean, in lieu of the Railway already authorized, to construct new Lines at Cardiff and Britton Ferry, and to make an Alteration in the Line and Levels of their Railway; and for other Purposes.

53. An act for facilitating the Conversion by the South Devon Railway Company of Loan into Capital, and for enabling the same Company to effect Arrangements between different Classes of Shareholders for the Creation of new Shares; and for other Purposes.

54. An act for making a Railway from the Edinburgh, Perth, and Dundee Railway at or near to Milton in the Parish of Leuchars to the City of St. Andrews, to be called “The St. Andrews Railway.”

55. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Edinburgh, Perth, and Dundee Railway Company, and to grant further Powers to the said Company.

56. An act to amend the Acts relating to the East Lancashire Railway Company, and to enable the Company to increase their Capital and Tolls.

57. An act to regulate and increase the Capital of the Midland Railway Company, and to confirm and legalize the Creation and Issue of certain Fifty Pound Shares, and the Application of the Proceeds of such Shares; and for other Purposes.

58. An act to facilitate Intercourse between the Eastern Union and certain other Railways; to alter certain Charges upon the Eastern Union Railway and the Stowmarket Navigation; and for other Purposes.

59. An act to amend an act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Huddersfield in the West Riding of the County of York to New Hey in the Parish of Rochdale in the County of Lancaster, with a Branch to Toothill Lane in the said Riding, and for making a new Road from Buckstones to the Highway leading from Ripponden to Stainland at or near to Barkisland School, and to continue the Term thereby granted.

60. An act for managing and repairing the Roads leading from Uttoxeter to Stoke near Stone, and from Millwich to Sandon, in the County of Stafford.

61. An act to extend the Term and alter the Provisions of Two Acts relating to the Buckingham, Brackley, and Banbury Turnpike Road, and of an act relating to the Towcester, and Weston on the Green Turnpike Road, and to consolidate the Management of the said Turnpike Roads.

62. An act to authorize certain Deviations of the Slamannan and Borrowstouness Railway.

63. An act to enable the Dundee and Arbroath Railway Company to enlarge their present Terminal Station in Dundee, and to amend the Acts relating to the Company.

64. An act to alter the Constitution of the Committee for the Affairs of the Estate of the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks, to authorize the Establishment of an Emigrants Home, and to alter and amend the Acts relating to the Docks and Harbour of Liverpool.

65. An act for extending the Provisions of the Weston-super-Mare Improvement and Market Act, and for granting further Powers relating to the Sewage of the Town.

66. An act for constructing a Railway from the Tivetshall Station of the Eastern Union Railway to Bungay in Suffolk.

67. An act for the better Improvement and Regulation of the Borough of Sunderland in the County of Durham, and for other Purposes.

68. An act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Hayling Bridge and Causeway to construct a Railway from their Docks and Wharves at Langstone to join the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway at Havant in the County of Southampton.

69. An act to incorporate the Great Central Gas Consumers Company.

70. An act to alter and enlarge the Powers of the Reading Waterworks Company, and to authorize an Extension of the Works of the said Company.

71. An act for making a Railway from Warrington to Altrincham, with a Branch to join the Birkenhead, Lancashire, and Cheshire Junction Railway at Lower Walton, to be called the Warrington and Altrincham Junction Railway; and for other Purposes.

72. An act for enabling the Maryport and Carlisle Railway Company to make a Deviation in their Line of Railway, and increase their Capital; and for other Purposes.

73. An act for constructing and maintaining a Quay and other Works at North Shields in the County of Northumberland, and for other Purposes.

74. An act to ratify and confirm certain Subscriptions and Payments made by or on behalf of the South Wales Railway Company to other Railway Companies.

75. An act to amend the Act relating to the Great North of Scotland Railway Company.

76. An act to renew the Term and continue the Powers and Provisions of an act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for more effectually repairing and improving several Districts of Malmesbury Turnpike and other Roads connected therewith, in the Counties Wilts, Berks, and Gloucester, so far as relates to the First and Second Districts.

77. An act to authorize the Chorley Waterworks Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

78. An act for the better raising and securing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Free Church, and for the Widows and Children of the Professors holding Professors Offices in any College connected with the said Church.

79. An act for the further Amendment of the Acts relating to the Manchester Corporation Waterworks.

80. An act to explain, amend, and enlarge some of the Provisions of the Acts relating to The Great Southern and Western Railway Company; and to enable the said Company to raise further Capital, and to construct a Dock or Basin at Cork.

81. An act for enabling the Great Western Railway Company to construct a Station and Works at Aston-juxta-Birmingham.

82. An act to provide for the Repair and Maintenance of the Cathedral Church of Saint Patrick, Dublin.

83. An act for authorizing certain Deviations in the Taw Vale Extension Railway, and for other Purposes.

84. An act for enabling the York, Newcastle, and Berwick Railway Company to abandon a Portion of their Bishop Auckland Branch Railway, and substitute in lieu thereof a new Line of Railway; and to extend the Time for the Purchase of Lands and Completion of Works on certain Lines of Railway authorized to be made in the County of Durham; and for other Purposes.

85. An act for facilitating the Transmission to and from the York, Newcastle, and Berwick Railway of the Traffic of the Byers Green Branch of the Clarence Railway; for enabling the York, Newcastle, and Berwick Railway Company to hold Shares in the Durham Railway; for granting further Powers to their Lessors, the Great North of England, Clarence, and Hartlepool Junction Railway Company, and the Hartlepool Dock and Railway Company, in reference to their Capital; and for other Purposes.

86. An act for amending the Act relating to the Electric Telegraph Company.

87. An act for the Restoration of the Standard in the River Dee, and for granting further Powers to the River Dee Company.

88. An act to authorize the Acquisition by the Midland Railway Company of the Estate and Interest of the Leeds and Bradford Railway Company in the Leeds and Bradford Railway, and to empower the Midland Railway Company to raise Money for such Purpose.

89. An act for extending and enlarging the Powers of the Bolton, Blackburn, Clitheroe, and West Yorkshire Railway Company, for changing the Name of the Company, and for other Purposes.

90. An act for supplying with Water the Town of Stockton in the County of Durham, and the Suburbs thereof, and the Towns of Middlesbrough and Yarm in the North Riding of the County of York, and the Suburbs thereof respectively; and for other Purposes.

91. An act to continue “The City of London Sewers Act, 1848,” and to alter and amend the Provisions of the said Act.

92. An act for repealing and amending the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Navigation of the River Cam or Cham, alias Grant, between Clayhithe Ferry and the King’s Mill in the Town of Cambridge; for altering the Navigation Tolls; for enabling the Conservators of the said River to sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk; for conferring additional Powers; and other Purposes.

93. An act for transferring to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Birmingham in the County of Warwick the Estates, Properties, and Effects now vested in certain Commissioners having Jurisdiction over Parts of the Borough; and to provide for the better draining, lighting, paving, supplying with Water, and otherwise improving the said Borough, and making Provision for the good Government, Regulation, and Management thereof.

94. An act for enabling the South Staffordshire Railway Company to make a certain Branch Railway, for authorizing Arrangements with the London and North-western Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

95. An act to enable the Cork and Waterford Railway Company to make Arrangements as to their Capital, and to provide for the immediate Completion of the Tramore Branch.

96. An act for the Improvement of the Town of Great Malvern in the County of Worcester, and for supplying the same with Water.

97. An act for better paving, lighting, draining, cleansing, and otherwise regulating and improving a Portion of the Borough of Newark in the County of Nottingham; for regulating the Butchers Market therein; and for authorizing the Commissioners of the Newark Branch of the River Trent Navigation to contribute out of their Funds a Sum of Money for the aforesaid Purposes.

98. An act for the Consecration of a Portion of the Brighton Extramural Cemetery.

99. An act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to provide for the Construction of certain Branch Railways in the County of Lanark.

100. An act for making a Railway from the Loop Line of the Windsor, Staines, and South-western (Richmond to Windsor) Railway in the Parish of Ealing in the County of Middlesex to the London and Northwestern Railway in the Parish of Hammersmith in the said County, with a Branch, to be called “The North and South Western Junction Railway.”

101. An act for amending the Acts relating to the East Anglian Railways.

102. An act for making a Railway from the Furness Railway at Ulverstone to the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway at Carnforth, to be called “The Ulverstone and Lancaster Railway.”

103. An act to amend “The Killarney Junction Railway Act, 1846.”

104. An act for the Improvement of the City and Borough of Bath; for the Regulation of the Markets; and for amending the Act for supplying Bath with Water.

105. An act for facilitating the Settlement of the Affairs of the Governor and Company of Copper Miners in England, and for the better Management of the said Company.

106. An act for of new incorporating the Edinburgh Lunatic Asylum under its present Name of “The Royal Edinburgh Asylum for the Insane,” for enabling the said Corporation to borrow Money, and for other Purposes.

107. An act to enable the Dublin, Dundrum, and Rathfarnham Railway Company to extend their Railway from Dundrum to Bray; and to extend the Time and to continue and revive the Powers granted by the Acts relating to the Dublin, Dundrum, and Rathfarnham Railway Company for the compulsory Purchase of Lands and Completion of Works; and to amend the Acts relating to “The Dublin, Dundrum, and Rathfarnham Railway;” and for other Purposes.

108. An act to authorize the Abandonment of a Portion of the Waterford, Wexford, Wicklow, and Dublin Railway, and the Construction of a new Line of Railway in lieu of a Portion of the Line to be abandoned; to extend, in respect of a Portion of the said Undertaking, the Periods at present limited for compulsory Purchase of Lands and for Completion of Works; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Railway; and for other Purposes.

109. An act for amending and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts relating to “The Company of Proprietors of the Itchen Bridge and Roads.”

110. An act to authorize a Deviation in the Line of the Waterford and Limerick Railway, and to amend the Acts relating thereto, and for other Purposes.

111. An act for supplying with Water the Parish or Township of East Stonehouse in the County of Devon, and for Amendment of Act.

112. An act for making a Railway from Waterford to Tramore.

113. An act to extend the Time for the Purchase of certain Lands and Completion of Works authorized by the “Midland Railway, Ripley Branches, Act, 1848,” and on the Gloucester and Stonehouse Junction Railway.

114. An act to enable the Great Northern Railway Company to construct Works in connexion with the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway; and to facilitate the Use of that Railway by the Company; and for other Purposes.

115. An act for amending the Powers of the Imperial Continental Gas Association.

116. An act for better paving, lighting, cleansing, regulating, and improving the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington.

117. An act for enabling the Commissioners of the Pier and Port of Hartlepool to construct an additional Pier for the Protection of the Harbours and Bay of Hartlepool, and to establish and maintain a Ferry across the Commissioners Harbour; for enabling the Commissioners to raise further Monies; for repealing, consolidating, and amending the Acts relating to the said Pier and Port; and for other Purposes.

118. An act for incorporating the Magnetic Telegraph Company, and to enable the said Company to work certain Letters Patent.

119. An act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the several Townships and Places in the Borough of Manchester, and amending and consolidating the Provisions of existing Local Acts relating thereto.

120. An act for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to complete the Improvements authorized to be made by the Clerkenwell Improvement Commissioners, and for amending the Acts relating to such Improvements.

121. An act to amend an act passed in the Session of Parliament of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An act for making and maintaining and improving a Harbour at Wicklow in the County of Wicklow.

122. An act for constructing a Wet Dock and other Works in connexion with Warkworth Harbour in the County of and for limiting the Amount of Rates and Tolls by “The Warkworth Harbour Act, 1847,” authorized to be levied, and for varying the Application thereof.

123. An act to amend and enlarge some of the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Thames Haven Dock and Railway.

124. An act to amend the Wexford Free Bridge Act, 1847.

125. An act for amending the Acts relating to the Llynvi Valley and Duffryn Llynvi and Porth Cawl Railways, and for forming a Junction between such Railways and the South Wales Railway.

126. An act to enable the Manchester, Buxton, Matlock, and Midlands Junction Railway Company to complete the Purchase of the Cromford Canal.

127. An act for extending the Period for the Completion of Cameron's Coalbrook Steam Coal and Swansea and Loughor Railway, and for amending the Act relating to such Railway.

128. An act to extend the leasing Powers of the Corporate Body of the Provost, Fellows, and Scholars of the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin, and also of the Provost thereof in his Corporate Capacity, and to enable them to make Grants of Lands in perpetuity to their Lessees in certain Cases.

129. An act for making a Railway from the London and North-western Railway in the Township of Salford, across the River Irwell, into the Borough of Manchester, to be called the Manchester and Salford Extension Railway.

130. An act for better enabling the General Reversionary and Investment Company to sue and be sued, and to facilitate the holding and Transfer of the Property of the Company by and from the present and future Trustees thereof; and for other Purposes.

131. An act to authorize the Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company to abandon the Crickheath and Wem Branches, to construct a Station at Birkenhead, to enter into Arrangements with other Companies, and for other Purposes.

132. An act for amending and extending the Provisions of the Act for the Improvement of the Town of Saint Helen's in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for other Purposes.

133. An act for repairing the Road from Sheffield in the County of York to the Marple Bridge Road in the Parish of Glossop in the County of Derby,and the Branch to Mortimer's Road in the Parish of Hathersage in the said County of Derby.

134. An act to sanction certain Arrangements entered into between the Caledonian Railway Company and the Holders of guaranteed and preferential Interests in the Company, and to enable the Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

135. An act for incorporating the European and American Electric Printing Telegraph Company, and to enable them to work certain Letters Patent.

136. An act for reclaiming from the Sea certain Lands abutting on the Coast of Lincolnshire within the Parts of Holland.

137. An act for enabling the United Kingdom Electric Telegraph Company to purchase and work certain Letters Patent.

138. An act for incorporating the Council of King's College, London, and the President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer, and Governors of King's College Hospital, and for connecting the said Hospital as a Medical School with the said College, and for better enabling the Corporation to carry on their charitable and useful Designs.

139. An act to dissolve “The National Land Company,” and to dispose of the Lands and Property belonging to the Company, and to wind up the Undertaking.

140. An act to extend the Limits of the Brunswick Square (Hove) Improvement Act, and for other Purposes.

141. An act to amend the several Acts relating to the Waterford and Kilkenny Railway Company; to enable the said Company to sell or lease their Undertaking, and to purchase or lease the Bridge over the River Suir at Waterford; and for other Purposes,

142. An act to enable the Trustees of the South Holland Drainage in the County of Lincoln to raise further Monies.

143. An act to amend “The Farmers Estate Society (Ireland) Act, 1848.”

144. An act to enable the Charing Cross Bridge Company to raise further Monies; to amend the Acts relating to the Company; and for other Purposes.

145. An act for enabling the Class A Shareholders of the Saint Andrews and Quebec Railroad Company to divide the Shares in the Undertaking into Two Classes, and for other Purposes.

146. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Vend and Delivery of Coals in London and Westminster,and in certain Parts of the adjacent Counties; and to allow a Drawback on Coals conveyed beyond certain Limits.

