Local Acts passed in 1852, 15 & 16 Victoria c.1 - c.168.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1852.
---

1. An act for repealing the Act relating to "The Mansfield Gaslight Company," and for conferring upon the Company further and additional Powers; and for other Purposes.

2. An act for the Incorporation, Establishment, and Regulation of the " Patent Solid Sewage Manure Company," and for enabling the said Company to purchase and work Letters Patent.

3. An act for establishing a Public Library, Museum, and Gallery of Arts at Liverpool, and to make Provision for the Reception of a Collection of Specimens illustrative of Natural History presented by the Earl of Derby for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Liverpool and the Neighbourhood thereof, and others resorting thereto.

4. An act for repealing the Wolverhampton Gas Act, 1847, and for reconstituting the Company with additional Powers; and for other Purposes.

5. An act to amend an act for draining certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parish of Yaxley in the County of Huntingdon, and to remove certain Doubts, and facilitate the Execution of the said Act.

6. An act for providing a covered Market in the Borough of Scarborough in the County of York, for improving the Approaches thereto, for removing the present Market, and for regulating the Markets and Fairs in such Borough.

7. An act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

8. An act to repeal the Barnsley Gas Act, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof, and to authorize the raising of a further Sum of Money.

9. An act to extend the Powers of the Act relating to the Yeovil Branch of the Bristol and Exeter Railway, and to authorize a Deviation in the Line of such Branch Railway.

10. An act for the Improvement of the Municipal Borough of Macclesfield.

11. An act for providing a convenient Place or Fair Green, with proper Approaches thereto, for holding Fairs for the Sale of Cattle and other Animals, Wool, and Flax, in the Province of Munster at or near the City of Limerick, and for regulating such Fairs.

12. An act for improving, diverting, and maintaining as Turnpike the Road leading from Skipton to Craco in the Parish of Burnsal, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

13. An act to authorize the Portsea Island Gaslight Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

14. An act for better lighting with Gas the Borough of Derby and its Neighbourhood, and for other Purposes.

15. An act to repeal An act for lighting with Gas the Town of Belfast and the Suburbs thereof and to make other Provisions for that Purpose.

16. An act to enable the Vale of Neath Railway Company to construct certain Extensions of their Lines of Railway, and for other Purposes.

17. An act to repeal an act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An act for amending, improving, and maintaining the Road from Lockwood to Meltham, and the Branch of Road to Meltham Mills, all in the Parish of Almondbury in the West Riding of the County of York, and for the widening and better maintaining and repairing the said Road, and for other Purposes.

18. An act for the Extension of the Boundaries of the Municipal Borough of Stockton in the County of Durham; and for transferring to the Corporation of the said Borough the Properties and Effects now vested in certain Commissioners having Jurisdiction in the Township of Stockton; and to provide for the better draining, cleansing, paving, watching, lighting, and otherwise improving the said Borough.

19. An act for increasing the Capital of the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

20. An act for the Establishment of a new Market in Barnstaple, and for the Improvement and Regulation of the existing Markets and Fairs therein.

21. An act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Newport in the Isle of Wight to raise Monies for the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Medina, within the Borough, and to alter and amend certain ancient Tolls and Duties payable to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses.

22. An act for making a Canal from the Droitwich Canal at Droitwich in the County of Worcester, to join the Worcester and Birmingham Canal at or near Hanbury Wharf in the Parish of Hanbury in the same County, and to be called "The Droitwich Junction Canal."

23. An act for supplying the Inhabitants of the Township of Ilkley in the West Riding of the County of York with Water.

24. An act for reviving and continuing the Powers granted by "The Great Southern and Western Railway (Ireland) Extension, Portarlington to Tullamore, Act, 1847," for the compulsory Purchase of Lands and Completion of Works.

25. An act for defining and regulating the Capital of the Norfolk Railway Company, and for authorizing Arrangements with the Halesworth, Beccles, and Haddiscoe Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

26. An act for enabling the Dudley Waterworks Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and for amending the Provisions of the Act relating to such Company.

27. An act for better supplying with Water the Boroughs of Sunderland and South Shields and other Places in the County of Durham.

28. An act for establishing a Market and for providing a Market House and Slaughterhouses at Aberdare in the County of Glamorgan.

29. An act to amend an act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Thetford in the Isle of Ely, and for draining certain Lands in the said Hamlet and in other Parishes in the said Isle, so far as relates to such draining.

30. An act to enable the Eastern Counties Railway Company to construct a Railway to the River Nene or Wisbech River below Wisbech, in lieu of a Portion of the Railway authorized by "The Wisbech, Saint Ives, and Cambridge Junction Railway Act, 1846," and to erect Warehouses in connexion with such Railway; and for other Purposes.

31. An act to amend an act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act to enable the Magistrates of the County Palatine of Chester to appoint Special High Constables for the several Hundreds or Divisions, and Assistant Petty Constables for the several Townships of that County.

32. An act for paving, lighting, watching, draining, supplying with Water, cleansing, regulating, and otherwise improving the Township of Rhyl in the County of Flint, for making a Cemetery, and for establishing and regulating a Market and Market Places therein.

33. An act to enable the Eastern Counties Railway Company to construct Branch Railways to the East and West India Docks and Birmingham Junction Railway, and to enlarge and improve their Goods Station in the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green; and for other Purposes.

34. An act for the Dissolution of the "Union Arcade Company" (Glasgow), and for the Abandonment of the Undertaking.

35. An act to enable the Cork and Bandon Railway Company to raise further Capital, and to make Arrangements with respect to their present Capital and Mortgage Debt; and for other Purposes.

36. An act for enabling the York, Newcastle, and Berwick Railway Company to make a Deviation in the Line of their Thirsk and Malton Branch; and to enable the Malton and Driffield Junction Railway Company to subscribe towards and enter into Agreements with respect to the said Branch; and for other Purposes.

37. An act for enabling the Malton and Driffield Junction Railway Company to subscribe towards the Construction of the Thirsk and Malton Branch of the York, Newcastle, and Berwick Railway, and to make Arrangements as to their Capital; and for other Purposes.

38. An act to amend and extend the Provisions of the Act relating to "The London and Southampton Turnpike Road through Bishops Waltham," and to create a further Term therein; and for other Purposes.

39. An act to repeal the Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the High Street in the Town of Arundel in the County of Sussex to the Turnpike Road leading from Petworth to Stopham on Fittleworth Common in the said County, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

40. An act for managing and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from the Eastern Side of a certain Bridge called Spittle Hill Bridge over Moorgate Beck in the Parish of Clarlorough in the County of Nottingham to Littleborough Ferry in the same County.

41. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Dundalk and Enniskillen Railway, and to extend the same from Ballybay to Enniskillen.

42. An act for incorporating the Deptford Gaslight and Coke Company.

43. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Londonderry and Coleraine Railway Company; and to authorize the said Company to contribute towards the Construction of a new Bridge over the River Foyle and other Works at Londonderry.

44. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Londonderry and Enniskillen Railway Company, and to grant further Powers to the said Company for the Extension and Completion of the Railway, and for other Purposes.

45. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Forth and Clyde Navigation, to alter the Place of Meeting, and to make further Provision for the Management of the Affairs of the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation.

46. An act to enable Cary Charles Elwes Esquire to construct Waterworks for the Supply of Water to Glamford Briggs and the Neighbourhood thereof in Lincolnshire.

47. An act for further amending the Local and Personal Acts, Ninth and Tenth of Victoria, Chapter One hundred and twenty-seven, and Tenth and Eleventh of Victoria, Chapter Two hundred and sixty-one, relating to the Liverpool Corporation Waterworks; and for authorizing Deviations, and the Construction of Reservoirs; and for other Purposes.

48. An act for incorporating the Aberdeen Fire and Life Assurance Company, by the Name of "The Scottish Provincial Assurance Company;" for enabling the said Company to sue and be sued, and to take and hold Property; and for other Purposes relating to the said Company.

49. An act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Sheffield to make certain Bridges over the River Dun, Roads, Streets, and other Works, all within the Borough of Sheffield.

50. An act for better paving, draining, lighting, cleansing, supplying with Water, regulating in regard to Markets, Interments, Hackney Carriages, and other Purposes, tod otherwise improving the Borough of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester.

51. An act to confirm an Agreement therein mentioned between the Eastern Counties Railway Company and the Newmarket Railway Company.

52. An act for repairing and managing the Roads leading from Porthdinllaen, by way of Tan-y-Graig, Pwllheli, Llanystymdwy, and Cerrig-y-Rhwydwr, to or near Capel Cerrig, and from Pwllheli aforesaid, by way of Crugan, to the Village of Llanbedrog, all in the County of Caernarvon.

53. An act for the better Regulation of the British Empire Mutual Life Assurance Company; for enabling the said Company to take and hold Property; and for other Purposes relating to the said Company.

54. An act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from Hornsey to Stockbridge and Wallop, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Southampton.

55. An act for the Establishment of a Turnpike Road from Southam to Kineton, both in the County of Warwick.

56. An act for the Amalgamation of the Accidental Death Insurance Company and the Railway Assurance Company, and for enabling such amalgamated Company to insure against Death or other personal Injury arising from Accident or Violence.

57. An act for amalgamating the East and West Yorkshire Junction Railway Company with the York and North Midland Railway Company, and for vesting the Undertaking of the former Company in that of the latter, and for other Purposes.

58. An act to explain and amend the Act for supplying the Burghs of Dumfries and Maxwelltown and Suburbs with Water.

59. An act for continuing the Term and amending and extending the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Haw Passage Bridge in the County of Gloucester.

60. An act to repeal the Acts relating to the Road from the Town of Bedford in the County of Bedford to Kimbolton in the County of Huntingdon, and to substitute other Provisions.

61. An act for enabling the Deeside Railway Company to alter the Line and Levels of Part of their Railway, and to abandon Parts thereof; for altering the Capital of the Company, and repealing and amending the Act relating thereto; and for other Purposes.

62. An act for constructing a Bridge across the River Kelvin near Hillhead, Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, with Approaches and Works.

63. An act for making a Railway from Highbridge to Glastonbury in the County of Somerset, to be called "The Somerset Central Railway;" and for other Purposes.

64. An act for regulating the Markets and Fairs and the Tolls and Customs of the Borough of Athlone.

65. An act to enable The Newmarket Railway Company to make certain Alterations in the Levels of their Railway, and to construct a new Line of Railway between Newmarket in the County of Cambridge and Bury St. Edmunds in the County of Suffolk; to alter their Capital; and for other Purposes.

66. An act for reclaiming from the Sea certain Lands on and near the Eastern and South-eastern Coast of Essex.

67. An act for supplying the Borough of Lancaster in the County Palatine of Lancaster and adjacent Places with Water, and for other Purposes.

68. An act for better paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of Runcorn and certain Parts of the Township of Halton in the County of Chester, for regulating the Markets therein, and for other Purposes.

69. An act for better lighting with Gas the Town of Saint Helen's, the Hamlet of Hardshaw-cum-Windle, and the several Townships of Windle, Parr, Eccleston, and Sutton, all in the Parish of Prescot in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

70. An act for better supplying with Water the Town of Ulverston in the County of Lancaster, and for other Purposes.

71. An act for continuing the Term and amending and extending the Provisions of the Act relating to the Abbey Tintern and Bigswear Roads.

72. An act for effecting Improvements in the City of London.

73. An act for making a Railway from the Middlesbrough and Redcar Railway near Middlesbrough to or near to Guisbrough, with Branches to the Cleveland Hills, and for making Arrangements with the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company.

74. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Sharples to Hoghton in the County of Lancaster.

75. An act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from North Shields to Morpeth Castle, and several Branches of Road communicating therewith, all in the County of Northumberland.

76. An act for supplying the Inhabitants of the Town of Merthyr Tydfil and adjacent Places with Water.

77. An act for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts and Demands within the City of London and the Liberties thereof.

78. An act for the Dissolution of the Glasgow, Kilmarnock, and Ardrossan Railway Company, and the Abandonment of their Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

79. An act to renew the Term and continue and enlarge the Powers of an act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Shillingford in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne, to Reading in the County of Berks, and for repairing and maintaining a Bridge over the River Thames at or near Shillingford Ferry.

80. An act to enable the Portrush Harbour Company to improve the Navigation of the River Bann from the Salmon Leap at Castleroe above the Town of Coleraine to the Sea, and remove the Bar and Ford at Bann Mouth, and to erect a Swivel Bridge at Coleraine, all in the County of Londonderry.

81. An act for maintaining the Road from Beach Down, near Battle, to Heathfield, and from the Railway Station near the Town of Robertsbridge to Hood's Corner, all in the County of Sussex.

82. An act for granting further Powers to the London Gaslight Company; and for other Purposes.

83. An act to empower the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Company.

84. An act to enable the Eastern Counties and London and Blackwall Railway Companies to construct a Railway with Branches to Tilbury and Southend in the County of Essex, to provide a Steam Communication to Gravesend, and for other Purposes.

85. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Stockport in the County Palatine of Chester to Marple Bridge in the said County; and a Branch from the said Road to or near Thornset Gate in the County of Derby.

86. An act to repeal the Acts and Parts of Acts relating to the Pedmore and Holly Hall Districts of Roads, and to substitute other Provisions for the same.

87. An act to repeal the Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Stroud to Bisley, and to make other Provisions in relation thereto.

88. An act to amend and extend the Provisions of the Macclesfield and Buxton Road Act, to create a Term of Twenty-one Years, and for other Purposes.

89. An act for maintaining the Turnpike Road leading from Kirkby Stephen in the County of Westmoreland into the Sedbergh and Kirkby Kendal Turnpike Road, and out of and from the same Turnpike Road to Hawes in the North Riding of the County of York, and a Branch from Hawes aforesaid to the Village of Gayle in the Township of Hawes.

90. An act for maintaining in repair the Road leading from the Lord Nelson Public House upon the Road between Burnley and Colne in the Township of Marsden in the Parish of Whalley in the County Palatine of Lancaster to Gisburne in the West Riding of the County of York, and from thence to the Road leading from Skipton to Settle at or near Long Preston in the said West Riding of the County of York.

91. An act for maintaining in repair the Road from Bury to Bolton in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

92. An act to repeal an act for maintaining and repairing the Turnpike Road from Bramley in the County of Surrey to Ridgewick in the County of Sussex, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

93. An act to repeal the Act for repairing and maintaining the Wakefield and Denby Dale Turnpike Road, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof, xciv. An act for continuing the Term and amending and extending the Provisions of the Act relating to the Rotherham and Pleasley Turnpike Road.

95. An act for making a Railway from the Edinburgh, Perth, and Dundee Railway at Thornton Junction Station to the Town of Leven, with Branches to Kirkland Works and to the Harbour of Leven.

96. An act to enable the Lancashire and Yorkshire and York and North Midland Railway Companies to enter into Arrangements as to the working and Management of Portions of their Railways.

97. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Town of Beaconsfield to the River Colne, all in the County of Buckingham.

98. An act for enabling the Manchester, Buxton, Matlock, and Midlands Junction Railway Company to lease their Undertaking to the London and North-western and the Midland Railways Companies.

99. An act to repeal an act for repairing the Road from Kettering to the Town of Northampton in the County of Northampton, and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof.

100. An act to confer additional Facilities for the Insurance of Railway Passengers and other Persons by "The Railway Passengers Assurance Company."

101. An act to amend an act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Holehouse or Riding near Greenfield in Saddleworth, to join the Stayley Turnpike Road, and also to join the Halifax and Sheffield Turnpike Road, all in the West Riding of the County of York; and to continue the Term thereby granted.

102. An act for enabling the Leeds Waterworks Company to provide a better Supply of Water to the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds.

103. An act for merging the Undertaking of the Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway Company in the Undertaking of the South-eastern Railway Company; for the Dissolution of the Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

104. An act for the Establishment, Maintenance, and Management of Markets in the Borough of Limerick.

105. An act to authorize the Conversion of the Debenture Debt of the London and Northwestern Railway Company into a Stock not exceeding Three and a Half per Centum; and for enlarging the Stations at Wolverton and Kilburn.

106. An act for the Construction of a new Bridge over the River Foyle at Londonderry, and Approaches thereto.

107. An act for the Formation of a new Street in the Borough of Londonderry.

108. An act to enable the Eastern Counties Railway Company to use the East Anglian Railways, and to empower the Eastern Counties Railway Company and the East Anglian Railways Company to enter into and carry into effect Agreements for certain Objects therein mentioned; and for other Purposes.

109. An act to consolidate and amend certain of the Acts relating to the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway, and to grant further Powers to the Company of Proprietors thereof.

110. An act for repealing an act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, relating to Moorings for Vessels in the River Tyne, and the River Police, and for transferring the Powers of the said Act to the Tyne improvement Commissioners for enabling the said Commissioners to construct and maintain Piers at the Mouth of the said River in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, and to construct and maintain Docks and other Works on the North Side of the said River in the last-mentioned County; and for other Purposes.

111. An act for embanking and reclaiming from the Sea the Estuary or Back Strand of Tramore in the County of Waterford.

112. An act for the Incorporation of the Society for providing Annuities for the Widows and Children of Presbyterian Ministers, under the Style and Title of "The Presbyterian Widows Fund Association."

113. An act to enable the Trustees of the Yeovil Turnpike Trust and the Ilchester Turnpike Trust to make certain new Roads, to repeal existing Acts, and create further Terms in the said Roads; and for other Purposes.

114. An act for enabling the York, Newcastle, and Berwick Railway Company to make a Deviation in the Line of their Bishop Auckland Branch, to extend the Time for the Purchase of Lands and Completion of Works on certain Lines of Railway authorized to be made in the County of Durham, and for other Purposes.

115. An act for repairing the Road from Leek in the County of Stafford to Monyash, and from Middlehills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near Buxton in the County of Derby, and thence to Otterhole, and certain Branches of Road communicating therewith.

116. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Ipswich Dock, to allow certain Drawbacks, and for other Purposes.

117. An act to enable the South Wales Railway Company to construct new Railways to Milford Haven and at Newport, and to abandon Portions of the Lines from Fishguard and at Haverfordwest; and for other Purposes.

118. An act for making a Railway from the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway in the Township of Bowling near Bradford to the Railway belonging to the Lancashire and Yorkshire and London and North-western Railway Companies, or One of them, in the Township of Wortley near Leeds, all in the West Riding of the County of York, to be called The Leeds, Bradford, and Halifax Junction Railway, and for other Purposes.

119. An act for maintaining the Road from Blackburn to Preston, and the Two Branches therefrom, and erecting a Bridge on the Line of the said Road over the River Kibble, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

120. An act to repeal an act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Preston to Garstang in the County of Lancaster; and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

121. An act for making further Provision for the Conservancy of the Port and Harbour of Belfast, for conferring additional Powers on the Belfast Harbour Commissioners, and for other Purposes.

122. An act for maintaining and improving the Blyth and Tyne Railway in the County of Northumberland, and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto.

123. An act to repeal the Act relating to the Road from the Town of Kingston-upon-Thames in the County of Surrey to Sheetbridge near Petersfield in the County of Southampton; and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

124. An act for the Incorporation, Establishment, and Regulation of the North British Flax Company, and to enable the said Company to purchase and work certain Letters Patent.

125. An act for incorporating and giving Powers to the Frome, Yeovil, and Weymouth Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

126. An act for enabling the Monmouthshire Railway and Canal Company to make certain new Railways, and for other Purposes.

127. An act for enabling the York and North Midland Railway Company to make a Railway to the Victoria or East Dock at Hull, and for other Purposes.

128. An act for constituting Commissioners for the Improvement of the River Nene and the Navigations thereof; for the more effectual Drainage of certain Lands in the Counties of Northampton, Huntingdon, and Cambridge; and for other Purposes.

129. An act to amend an act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An act for more effectually making, repairing, and improving certain Roads leading to and from Liskeard, and certain other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon; and for other Purposes.

130. An act for the Conservancy of the River Humber, and for amending some of the Provisions of an act relating to the Kingston-upon-Hull Docks.

131. An act to extend and amend the Provisions of the Act relating to the Wedmore Turnpike Road in the County of Somerset to create a further Term therein, and for other Purposes.

132. An act for abandoning certain Parts of the Undertaking of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company; for constructing certain new Works, and extending the Time for Completion of existing Works; and for Sale of superfluous Lands; for regulating certain Portions of the Capital of the Company and the Application of Capital; and for authorizing the raising of Money by Annuities; and for other Purposes.

133. An act to confer on the Great Western Railway Company further Powers for the Purchase of Lands on the Lines of, and for the Construction of, the Birmingham and Oxford Junction and Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and Dudley Railways respectively; and for the Alteration of the Works of Part of the last-mentioned Railway; and for the Formation of an Extension Line of Railway at Wolverhampton; and for other Purposes.

134. An act for more effectually maintaining and keeping in repair the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

135. An act for consolidating into One Act and amending the Provisions of the several Acts relating to the North-western Railway Company; for extending the Time for constructing certain Parts of their Undertaking; and granting further Powers to the said Company; and for other Purposes.

136. An act for the Reduction of Dues on Shipping and Goods payable to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Kingston-upon-Hull, the Hull Trinity House, and the Dock Company at Kingston-upon-Hull respectively.

137. An act to enable the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company to make a Deviation in the authorized Line to Longford, and a Branch Railway to the Town of Cavan, and for other Purposes.

138. An act for the better Establishment of a Market at Torquay in the County of Devon, and for other Purposes.

139. An act to repeal the Acts relating to the Asthall and Buckland Turnpike Road, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

140. An act for enabling the Completion of the Wilts, Somerset and Weymouth Railway between Frome and Weymouth to be effected, and for authorizing and confirming Contracts between the Great Western Railway Company and the Kennet and Avon Canal Company and other Companies, and for other Purposes.

141. An act for incorporating Claussen's Patent Flax Company, and to enable the said Company to purchase and work certain Letters Patent.

142. An act for enabling the Amalgamation of the Stockton and Hartlepool Railway Company and the Hartlepool West Harbour and Dock Company, and for authorizing the Lease or Purchase of the Clarence Railway by the Stockton and Hartlepool Railway Company or the amalgamated Company, and for consolidating the Acts relating to the same Companies; and for other Purposes.

143. An act for the Improvement of the Borough of Cork.

144. An act to enable the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company to construct certain Branch Railways.

145. An act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the Acts relating to the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway Company; to extend the Time for the Completion of the Works, and the Purchase of certain Lands; to authorize Deviations in the Line and Works, and the Construction of certain Branches and Works; and for other Purposes.

146. An act to authorize the Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company to construct additional Branches; to purchase or hire Steam-boats; and for other Purposes.

147. An act to revive and extend the Time for the Execution of certain Powers conferred by "The Wycombe Railway Act, 1846;" and for reducing the Capital of the Wycombe Railway Company; and for enabling the Company to enter into Arrangements with the Great Western Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

148. An act for enabling the Eastern Union Railway Company to make Arrangements with certain of their Creditors and Shareholders, and with respect to their Capital, and for granting additional Powers to the Company; and for other Purposes.

149. An act to incorporate the London Necropolis and National Mausoleum Company, and to enable such Company to establish a Cemetery in the Parish of Woking in the County of Surrey, and for other Purposes.

150. An act for constructing a Cemetery near to Torquay in the County of Devon.

151. An act to repeal the Wexford Harbour Improvement Act, and to make new Arrangements for a more effective and expeditious Execution of a Portion of the Undertaking thereby authorized, and for other Purposes.

152. An act to appoint Commissioners for the Execution of certain Improvements in the Navigation of the River Slaney, and for other Purposes.

153. An act to enable the South Yorkshire Railway and River Dun Company to transfer their Undertaking to the Great Northern Railway Company.

154. An act to repeal the Acts relating to the Exeter and the Countess Wear Turnpike Roads, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof, and to authorize the Construction of certain new Roads; and for other Purposes.

155. An act for the Transfer of the Undertaking of the British Gas Light Company to the Commercial Gas Company, and for other Purposes.

156. An act for extending the Chelsea Waterworks, and for better supplying the City of Westminster and Parts adjacent with Water.

157. An act for enabling the Grand Junction Waterworks Company to obtain a Supply of Water from the Thames at Hampton, and to construct additional Works, and for other Purposes.

158. An act for making divers Provisions with respect to the Southwark and Vauxhall Water Company, for empowering that Company to execute additional Works, and for other Purposes.

159. An act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the West Middlesex Waterworks to obtain by Agreement a Supply of Water from the Thames above the Reach of the Tide, and to raise further Capital, and for other Purposes.

160. An act to enable the Governor and Company of the New River to improve their Supply of Water; and for other Purposes.

161. An act for enabling the Local Board of Health for the Town and District of Swansea to construct Waterworks; and for other Purposes.

162. An act for the Conservancy, Improvement, and Regulation of the River Tees, the Construction of a Dock at Stockton, the Dissolution of the Tees Navigation Company, and other Purposes.

163. An act to define and amend the Mineral Customs and to make better Provision for the Administration of Justice in the Barmote Courts within the Soke and Wapentake of Wirksworth, and within the Manors or Liberties of Crick, Ashford, Stoney Middleton and Eyam, Hartington, Litton, Peak Forest, Tideswell, and Youlgreave, in the County of Derby.

164. An act for making divers Provisions with respect to the East London Waterworks Company, for empowering that Company to execute additional Works, and for other Purposes.

165. An act to authorize the Use by the Shrewsbury and Birmingham Railway Company of the Navigation Street Station in Birmingham, and for other Purposes.

166. An act for making a Railway or Tramroad from the Aberllefenny Slate Quarries in the Parish of Talyllyn in the County of Merioneth to the River Dove, in the Parish of Towyn in the same County, with Branches therefrom; and for other Purposes.

167. An act to consolidate into One Act and to amend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Birkenhead, Lancashire, and Cheshire Junction Railway Company, to define the Undertaking of the Company, and for other Purposes.

168. An act to authorize Traffic Arrangements between the Great Western, the Shrewsbury and Hereford, and the Hereford, Ross, and Gloucester Railway Companies.

