Local Acts passed in 1853, 16 & 17 Victoria c.1 - c.227.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1853.
---

1. An act to consolidate the Stock and Powers of the Corporation of "The London Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire" with the Stock and Powers of the Corporation of "The London Assurance" and to confer on the last-named Corporation the powers of "The London Assurance Loan Company," and to give additional Powers to "The London Assurance."

2. An act for lighting with Gas the Town of Dudley and the Suburbs thereof.

3. An act to enable the Sunderland Corporation Gras Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and to amend and enlarge the Provisions of the Act relating to such Company.

4. An act to amend the Act relating to the Whittle Dean Water Company, and to enable such Company to maintain additional Works, for better supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Boroughs of Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Gateshead, and certain Places adjacent and near thereto, in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham.

5. An act for better supplying the Inhabitants of Bangor with Water.

6. An act to enable the Redruth and Chasewater Railway Company to construct new Works; and for other Purposes.

7. An act to authorize the Bristol Waterworks Company to raise an additional Sum of Money by Loan; and for further amending "The Bristol Waterworks Act, 1846."

8. An act for incorporating the Ormskirk Gaslight Company.

9. An act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Carmarthen to provide and maintain a new Cattle Market Place and Slaughterhouses, to amend the Act for regulating the existing Markets in the said Borough; and for other Purposes.

10. An act for the more equal Division of the Borough of Cork Into Wards, and to provide for the better Constitution and Regulation of the Municipal Corporation of the said Borough; and for other Purposes.

11. An act for lighting with Gas the Town of Nottingham, and certain Parishes and Places adjacent thereto.

12. An act for increasing the Capital and extending the Powers of the Devonport Gas and Coke Company, and for other Purposes.

13. An act to repeal the Preston Gas Company's Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Queen Victoria, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

14. An act to amend "The Norfolk Estuary Act, 1846," and "The Norfolk Estuary Amendment Act, 1849."

15. An act for constructing and maintaining a Pier at Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, to be called "The Great Yarmouth Wellington Pier."

16. An act for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Evesham in the County of Worcester to build and maintain a Bridge over the River Avon in the said Borough; and for other Purposes.

17. An act for supplying the Inhabitants of lie Town of Great Yarmouth and adjacent Places with Water.

18. An act for providing Waterworks and Gasworks for the Town of Lowestoft in the County of Suffolk, and for regulating the Market there, and for other Purposes, of which the Short Title is "The Lowestoft Water, Gas, and Market Act, 1853."

19. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Dublin and Belfast Junction Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

20. An act to enable the Crystal Palace Company to divert certain Roads and to purchase Landa; and for other Purposes relating to the Company.

21. An act for amending the Provisions of certain Acts of Parliament relating to the Civil Court of Record of the Borough of Liverpool, and the Process, Practice, and Mode of Pleading in the said Court, and for extending the Jurisdiction thereof.

22. An act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Sheffield Waterworks to extend their Works, and to obtain a further Supply of Water from the Rivers Rivelin and Luxley and their Tributaries, and for consolidating the Acts relating to such Company.

23. An act for supplying the Inhabitants of the University and Borough of Cambridge and other Places adjoining thereto with Water.

24. An act for repealing an act called "The Cardiff Waterworks Act, 1850," and granting other Powers in lieu thereof; and for authorizing the Cardiff Waterworks Company to raise further Money.

25. An act for better supplying with Water the Parishes of Brighton, Hove, and Preston in the County of Sussex.

26. An act for amending the Provisions of existing Local Acts relating to the Borough of Stockport.

27. An act for discharging the Inhabitants of the Townships of Wakefield, Alverthorpe-with-Thornes, Horbury, Stanley-with-Wrenthorpe, Sandal Magna, and Crigglestone, in the Parishes of Wakefield and Sandal Magna in the West Riding of the County of York, from the Custom of grinding Corn, Grain, and Malt at certain Corn Mills in the said townships of Wakefield and Horbury and Parish of Sandal Magna, and for making Compensation to the Proprietors of the said Mills.

28. An act for the further Improvement of the Borough of Wolverhampton, and for regulating the Markets therein, and for other Purposes.

29. An act for better lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the Town of Blackpool and the rest of the Township of Layton with Warbrick in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The Blackpool Improvement Act, 1853."

30. An act for the Improvement and Regulation of the Borough of Great Grimsby in the County of Lincoln; for better supplying the Inhabitants thereof with Water; for providing a new Burial Ground; for enlarging the Market Place; for making an Outfall for the Sewers of the Town; and for other Purposes.

31. An act for supplying with Water several Townships and Places in the Parishes of Whatley, Bury, Radcliffe, Prestwich-cum-Oldham, and Bolton-le-Moors in Lancashire; and for incorporating the Bury and Radcliffe Waterworks Company.

32. An act for the Extension of the Boundaries of the Municipal Borough of Salford and otherwise improving the said Borough, and for other Purposes.

33. An act to empower the Midland Railway Company to create new Shares or to grant Annuities for the Extinguishment of their Debenture Debt; and for other Purposes.

34. An act to enable the Scottish Central Railway Company to convert their Mortgage and Bond Debt into Debenture Stock.

35. An act for making a Road or Street from the South End of Waverley Bridge Road, adjoining the General Railway Station at Princes Street, to the High Street in the City of Edinburgh.

36. An act for the Maintenance and Regulation of the Harbour of Teignmouth and the Navigation of the River Teign, and for other Purposes.

37. An act for making a Canal from the Francis Dock, connected with the Duke of Bridgewater's Canal at Runcorn in the County of Chester, to join the Weston Canal or River Weaver Navigation at or near Weston Point in the same Parish, and to be called the Runcorn and Weston Canal.

38. An act to alter and amend the Provisions of "The City of Norwich Waterworks Act, 1850," and to grant further Powers to the Company thereby incorporated.

39. An act for establishing a Corn Exchange and regulating the Markets in the Borough of Reading, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The Reading Corporation Markets Act, 1853."

40. An act to increase the Capital and extend the Powers of Price's Patent Candle Company, and to consolidate the Acts relating to the Company.

41. An act for making a Railway from Chichester to Bognor.

42. An act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Oldham in the County Palatine of Lancaster to purchase and maintain Gasworks and Waterworks; and for other Purposes.

43. An act for enabling the Shipley Gaslight Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for extending the Limits of their existing Act to the adjoining Township of Baildon.

44. An act to extend the Limits of the Blackburn Gaslight Company's Act for the Supply of Gas, and to authorize the raising of a further Sum of Money, and for other Purposes.

45. An act to consolidate the Acts relating to the Leeds Gaslight Company, to authorize the Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and for other Purposes.

46. An act for incorporating the Madras Railway Company, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

47. An act for making certain Improvements in the River Severn, and for amending the Acts relating thereto.

48. An act for better supplying with Water the Borough of Preston in the County of Lancaster, and for authorizing the Local Board of Health for the Borough of Preston aforesaid to purchase the Preston Waterworks.

49. An act to enable the Edinburgh Water Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

50. An act to enable the Dundee Water Company to construct additional Works for obtaining a further Supply of Water; and for other Purposes.

51. An act to authorize the Wakefield Borough Market Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

52. An act to authorize the Creation of Preference Stock by the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company in lieu of Debentures, and the Reduction, Division, and Consolidation into Stock of the Manchester and Lincoln Union Shares of the said Railway.

53. An act to repeal the Act for maintaining the Turnpike Rond leading out of the Alston Turnpike Road at Branch End in the County of Northumberland, through Cotton, Allendale Town, and Allenheads, to Cotes Hill in the County of Durham, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

54. An act for making a Railway from Lough Swilly in the County of Donegal to the River Foyle near the City of Londonderry.

55. An act to renew the Term and continue the Powers of an act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Picks Hill near the Town of Langport Eastover in the County of Somerset, through High Ham, Ashcott, and other Places, to Meare in the said County.

56. An act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of York to purchase the Undertaking of the Foss Navigation Company, and to execute Works for the sanitary Improvement of the said City; to alter the Tolls taken in the Cattle Markets and Fairs of the City; and for other Purposes.

57. An act to extend and amend the Powers and Provisions of the "Portadown and Dungannon Railway Act, 1847."

58. An act to amend an act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, for granting certain Powers and Authorities to the Australian Agricultural Company, and to alter the Capital of the said Company.

59. An act for better supplying with Water the Town or Village of Bacup and the Neighbourhood thereof in Lancashire.

60. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Great Northern Railway Company, to authorize an Increase of Capital, and for other Purposes.

61. An act to consolidate and amend Three several Acts passed in the Reign of King George the Third, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam otherwise Grants West, and the Hard Lands of Bottisham, Swaffham-Bulbeck, and Swaffham Prior, East; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

62. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Gravesend to Wrotham, and from thence to Borough Green, all in the County of Kent

63. An act for making a Railway from Dartford in the County of Kent to Farningham in the same County, to be called the Darenth Valley Railway; and for other Purposes.

64. An act for constructing a Market for the Sale of Cattle and other Animals in the Borough of Ludlow in the County of Salop.

65. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Drainage and Embankment of certain Lands in Lough Swilly and Lough Foyle in the Counties of Donegal and Londonderry.

66. An act for supplying with Water the Town of Weston-super-Mare in the County of Somerset.

67. An act for supplying the Borough of Wigan in the County Palatine of Lancaster with Water, for the better Regulation of the Police therein, and for other Purposes.

68. An act to enable the Belfast and Ballymena Railway Company to make a Railway from Randalstown to Cookstown; and for other Purposes.

69. An act for enabling the North and South Western Junction Railway Company to construct a Branch to near Hammersmith, nnd to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

70. An act to authorize the Abandonment of a Portion of the Undertaking of the Thames Haven Dock and Railway Company, and to reduce the Capital of the said Company, and to enable the Company to sell Lands not required; and for other Purposes.

71. An act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Warminster and from Frame to the Bath Road, and other Roads connected therewith, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, called or known by the Name of "The Black Dog Road Trust."

72. An act for enlarging and improving the Shire Hall of the County of Stafford; removing the Markets at the Back of the Hall, and providing other Market Accommodation in lieu thereof; erecting Rooms and Offices for the Town Council of Stafford; and for other Purposes.

73. An act to amend the Acts for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland so far as relates to the Borough of Limerick.

74. An act to amend and extend the Provisions of the Act relating to the Leeds and Whitehall Turnpike Roads, and to create a further Term therein, and for other Purposes.

75. An act for repairing, maintaining, and rendering more safe certain Reservoirs on the Adel Beck in the West Riding of the County of York.

76. An act to amend "The Sunderland Dock Act, 1846," and "The Sunderland Dock Amendment Act, 1849," and for other Purposes.

77. An act for the Establishment or Improvement and Regulation of Markets and Fairs in the Borough of Leominster, and for other Purposes relating to the said Borough.

78. An act for making a Railway from the Hawick Branch of the North British Railway, near to the Eskbank Station, to the Royal Burgh of Peebles.

79. An act to authorize an Extension of the Londonderry and Coleraine Railway.

80. An act for making a Railway from Ballymena to Portrush.

81. An act to confirm certain Preference Shares created by the North British Railway Company, and to make better Provision for the Payment of the Debts of the said Company, and for other Purposes.

82. An act to enable the Scottish Midland Junction Railway Company to make Branch Railways to Blairgowrie and Kirriemuir; and to amend the Acts relating to such Company; and for other Purposes.

83. An act for the better Improvement and Regulation of the Borough of South Shields in the County of Durham, the Establishment of a Cemetery therein, and for other Purposes.

84. An act to unite into One Company the Bristol Gaslight Company and the Bristol and Clifton Gaslight Company, and to enable the united Companies to raise further Capital.

85. An act for making a Railway from Staines to Wokingham and Woking.

86. An act for making a Railway from Wimbledon to Croydon in the County of Surrey, to be called "The Wimbledon and Croydon Railway," and for other Purposes.

87. An act to enable the Eastern Counties Railway Company to construct a Railway from the Line of the Northern and Eastern Railway near Stratford to Woodford and Laughton; and to repeal certain Provisions of their existing Acts; and to grant further Powers to the said Company for capitalizing their Debt; and for other Purposes.

88. An act for making a Railway from the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway to or near to the Town of East Grinstead in the County of Sussex.

89. An act for better supplying with Water the Towns and Villages of Haslingden, Rawtenstall, and Newchurch, and the Townships of Haslingden, Higher Booths, Lower Booths, Newchurch, and Hapton, in the Parish of Whalley, the Townships of Cowpe Lench, New Hall Hey, and Hall Carr, and Tottington Higher End, in the Parish of Burg, and the Extra-parochial Places of Hen Heads and Dunnockshaw, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

90. An act to enable the Monkland Railways Company to make certain Railways in the Vicinity of Bathgate and Airdrie; and for other Purposes.

91. An act to authorize the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Manchester to make certain new Streets; and to amend the Acts relating to the said City; and for other Purposes.

92. An act to repeal an act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Wimpole to Wrestlingworth and Potton, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

93. An act to incorporate a Company for making a Railway from Kingston-upon-Hull to or near to Withernsea in Holderness, with a Branch therefrom; and for other Purposes.

94. An act to enable the Glasgow and South-western Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to near Mayfield in the County of Ayr.

95. An act for extending the Time granted by "The Rochester Bridge Act, 1846," for the Completion of such Bridge.

96. An act to enable the Limerick, Ennis, and Killaloe Junction Railway Company to lease their Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

97. An act to enable the East and West India Docks and Birmingham Junction Railway Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

98. An act to amend the Gorbals Gravitation Water Company's Acts, to authorize the Extension of their Works to supply the Royal Burgh of Renfrew and Suburbs and other Places with Water, and for other Purposes.

99. An act for making a Railway from Havant in the County of Southampton to Godalming in the County of Surrey, to be called "The Portsmouth Railway;" and for other Purposes.

100. An act to enable the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to enlarge their Station at London Bridge, and their Goods Station at Brighton, and to make a Branch Railway to the Crystal Palace; and for converting the Debenture Debt of the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company into Stock or Shares; and for other Purposes.

101. An act to enable the Aberdeen Railway Company to raise further Monies; to authorize the Abandonment of the authorized Road to the Quays through the Station at Aberdeen, and the Formation of another Road in lieu thereof; to extend the Time for the compulsory Purchase of Lands and for the Completion of the Aberdeen Station; to alter, amend, and extend the Acts relating to the Company; and for other Purposes.

102. An act to repeal an act for making and maintaining a Road from the Top of Hunts Bank in the Town of Manchester in the County of Lancaster to join the Manchester and Bury Turnpike Road in Pilkington in the same County, and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof.

103. An act for amending the Provisions with respect to the Commissioners of the Second District for Drainage by the River Witham contained in the Witham Drainage Act of the Second Year of George the Third, Chapter Thirty-two, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The Witham Drainage Second District Act, 1853."

104. An act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Burford in the County of Oxford to Leachlade in the County of Gloucester, the Road from thence through Highworth to the Crichlade and Swindon Turnpike Road in the County of Wilts, and the Bridge on the said Roads across the River Isis or Thames at or near the Town of Leachlade aforesaid; and for granting a farther Term in the said Roads and Bridge; and for other Purposes.

105. An act to amend an act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An act for making a Turnpike Road from Shipley to Bramley, together with certain Branches therefrom, in the West Riding of the County of York.

106. An act to authorize the London Dock Company to make a new Entrance to their Docks from the River Thames and other Works, and to augment their Capital Stock; and for other Purposes connected with the said Docks.

107. An act for the Maintenance of the existing Works of the Company of Proprietors of the Barnsley Waterworks, and for the Purchase of Lands by them, to repeal their Act, and make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

108. An act to enable the Midland Railway Company to make a Line of Railway from near Leicester to the Great Northern Railway near Hitchin, with a Branch, in lieu of the Line of Railway and Branches authorized by "The Midland Railways Extension to Hitchin, Northampton, and Huntingdon Railway Act, 1847," and "The Midland Railways Extension to Hitchin, Northampton, and Huntingdon Railway (Wellingborough Deviations) Act, 1848."

109. An act to authorize the Re-issue of certain of the Shares in the Capital of the York and North Midland Railway Company, called Hull and Selby Purchase, &c. Shares, and for other Purposes.

110. An act to enable the London and North-western Railway Company to acquire and hold certain Lands and Buildings at or near the Terminus of the Haydon Square Branch of the London and Blackwall Railway; and for other Purposes.

111. An act to enable the Leeds, Bradford, and Halifax Junction Railway Company to construct certain Branch Railways in the West Riding of the County of York; and for other Purposes.

112. An act to repeal the Act for repairing the Alston Turnpike Roads, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

113. An act for making a Railway from the Great Southern and Western Railway near Roscrea to Parsonstown, to be called "The Roscrea and Parsonstown Junction Railway," and for other Purposes.

114. An act to authorize the Abandonment of a Portion of the Undertaking of the Limerick, Ennis, and Killaloe Junction Railway Company, and the Construction of a new Line of Railway in lieu of a Portion of the Line to be abandoned; and to revive in respect of a Portion of the said Undertaking the Powers of the said Company for the compulsory Purchase of Lands, and to extend in respect of the same Portion of the said Undertaking the Powers of the said Company for constructing Works; and to amend and repeal Portions of the Act relating to the said Company; and for other Purposes.

115. An act for the better Maintenance and Repair of the Highways in Wildmore Fen and the East and West Fens in the County of Lincoln, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The Wildmore Fen and East and West Fens Highways Act, 1853."

116. An act for reviving the Powers of the South-eastern Railway Company for taking Lands and Buildings for the Purpose of enlarging their London Bridge Station on the North Side thereof, and for extending for a further Period such Powers, and for other Purposes.

117. An act to enable the Eastern Counties Railway Company to construct Branch Railways from the North Woolwich Line of the Eastern Counties Railway to Ham Creek and the River Thames; and for other Purposes.

118. An act for more effectually improving the Town of Burton-upon-Trent in the County of Stafford.

119. An act to authorize the Abandonment of the Carlisle Canal, and the making of a Railway in lieu thereof, from the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Railway at Carlisle to Port Carlisle; to repeal the Acts relating to the Carlisle Canal and Docks, and to re-incorporate the Company; to authorize the raising of a further Sum of Money; and to confer additional Powers; and for other Purposes.

120. An act to alter and amend the Provisions of "The Governor and Company of Copper Miners Act, 1851," and to confer farther Powers on the said Company.

121. An act to enable the Southeastern Railway Company to extend the Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway to the Great Western Railway at Reading; and for other Purposes.

122. An act to enable the Warrington and Altrincham Junction Railway Company to extend their Railway to Stockport.

123. An act for incorporating and regulating the Electric Telegraph Company of Ireland, and for better enabling the Company to establish and work Telegraphs in Scotland and Ireland and between those Countries; and for other Purposes.

124. An act for making a Railway from Spalding to Sutton Bridge and Wisbeach.

125. An act for making a Railway commencing by a Junction with the Scottish Central Railway at Stirling, and terminating by a Junction with the Caledonian and Dumbartonshire Junction Railway at Alexandria, to be called "The Forth and Clyde Junction Railway."

126. An act for making Turnpike Roads from Upton Saint Leonard's to Brimpsfield and Birdlip in the County of Gloucester.

127. An act for enabling the Local Board of Health for the District of Dewsbury to construct Waterworks; and for other Purposes.

128. An act to authorize the opening of a Diversion of the Wakefield and Sheffield Turnpike Road, and for other Purposes.

129. An act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Saint Ives in the County of Cornwall

130. An act to enable the South-eastern Railway Company to make a Railway from Strood to Maidstone; and for other Purposes.

131. An act to authorize the Construction of additional Docks and other Works in connexion with the Victoria (London) Docks, and to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the Act relating to such Docks.

132. An act for making a Railway from Strood to Canterbury, with Branches to Faversham Quays and Chilham.

133. An act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of Walsall, Dudley, and other Places in the Southern Parts of the County of Stafford, and in certain Parts of the County of Worcester adjacent thereto.

134. An act to enable the St Helen's Canal and Railway Company to extend their Railway to Rainford, and to enlarge their Stations at Sutton; and for other Purposes relating to the Company.

135. An act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads leading to and from the Town of Salford through Pendleton and other Places in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

136. An act for enabling the Leeds Northern Railway Company to create new Shares, and raise Money on Loan for discharging certain Liabilities; and for other Purposes.

137. An act for making a Railway from Bedale to Leyburn in the North Riding of the County of York, to be called "The Bedale and Leyburn Railway," and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The Bedale and Leyburn Railway Act, 1853."

138. An act for the Adjustment of the Debts of the Commissioners of the Holme Reservoirs, and of the Interest due thereon, and for enabling them to restore and repair their Reservoirs; and for other Purposes.

139. An act for paving, lighting, watching, draining, supplying with Water, cleansing, regulating, and otherwise improving the Town and Parish of Spalding in the County of Lincoln; for making a Cemetery; for erecting a Corn Exchange and Market House therein; and for other Purposes.

140. An act for making a Railway from the North Devon Railway at Fremington Pill to Bideford, to be called "The Bideford Extension Railway."

141. An act for the better paving, repairing, lighting, cleansing, watering, regulating, and improving such Parts of the Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel in the County of Middlesex as are not within the Liberties of Her Majesty's Tower of London and the City of London; and for paving, repairing, watering, and regulating certain Parts of other Parishes and Places adjoining; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein; and for raising Money for the Relief, Maintenance, and Employment of the Poor within the said Parish; and for raising Money for repairing the Church of the said Parish.

142. An act to enable the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to divert the Glanmire Road Lower in the Parish of Saint Anne's Shandon in the County of the City or Borough of Cork, and to make a small Portion of Railway in that Parish; and for other Purposes.

143. An act for making a Railway from Llanidloes in the County of Montgomery to Newtown in the same County, to be called the Llanidloes and Newtown Railway; and for other Purposes.

144. An act to enable the Waveney Valley Railway Company to extend their Railway from Bungay to Beccles.

145. An act for altering and extending the Line of the Barnsley Branch of the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company; for extending the Time for the Completion of certain Works at Sheffield; for amending the Acts relating to the said Company; and for other Purposes.

146. An act for amending the Acts relating to the "Llynvi Valley Railway Company," and for authorizing the Company to make Diversions in and improve their Line of Railway and construct a new Branch, and for better regulating the Harbour of Porth Cawl and the Rates leviable thereat; and for other Purposes.

147. An act to repeal the Act relating to the Nantwich and Woore Turnpike Road, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

148. An act to authorize the Extension of the Railway already partly executed between Smithstown and Dalmellington in the County of Ayr to Dalmellington, and to the Glasgow and South-western Railway near Ayr.

149. An act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to extend the Glasgow, Barrhead, and Neilston Direct Railway to Crofthead; and for other Purposes.

150. An act for confirming a certain Agreement entered into between the Furness Railway Company and John Abel Smith Esquire, and for enabling the Furness Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and for authorizing the Conversion of the borrowed and Preferential Share Capital of the Furness Railway Company into a Stock not exceeding Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum, and for amending the Acts relating to the said Company and Pile Pier.

151. An act to enable the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company to connect their Line at Glasgow by Branches with the Caledonian Railway, and to extend their Station at Cowlairs.

152. An act to sanction certain Arrangements between the Edinburgh, Perth, and Dundee Railway Company, and certain Classes of the Creditors thereof.

153. An act for enabling the Great Western Railway Company to construct additional Lines and Works, or for conferring further Powers on them in reference to the Henley and Uxbridge Lines, and other Parts of their Undertaking at Acton, Chippenham, and Reading; and for other Purposes.

154. An act for incorporating the Lands Improvement Company, and to afford Facilities for the Improvement of Land by enabling the Company to issue transferable Mortgage Debentures.

104. An act for making a Railway from the Town of Saint Ives to the West Cornwall Railway at or near Saint Erth, with a Branch therefrom, and for making Arrangements with the West Cornwall Railway Company.

156. An act for dissolving the Canterbury and Whitstable Railway Company, and for vesting in the South-eastern Railway Company the Undertaking of the South-eastern and Continental Steam Packet Company, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The South-eastern Railway (Canterbury and Whitstable and Steam Packets) Act, 1853."

157. An act for conferring additional Powers on the London and North-Western Railway Company with reference to the Construction of their Oldham Branch, and for making an Alteration in such Branch; and for other Purposes.

158. An act for the Purchase of the Bridge and Ferry over the River of Ross at the Town of New Ross, and for maintaining the same free of Toll, and for other Purposes.

159. An act for repealing and amending an act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, called "The British Electric Telegraph Company's Act, 1850."

160. An act to enable the London and North-western Railway Company to construct a Railway from Northampton to Market Harborough, with a Branch therefrom, all in the County of Northampton; and for other Purposes.

161. An act to enable the London and North-western Railway Company to construct a Branch Railway to Saint Albans, and for other Purposes.

162. An act to repeal the Acts for repairing the Roads from West Harptry to the Bath and Wells Turnpike Road at Marksbury, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

163. An act to enable the East Lancashire Railway Company to extend their Railway to Rainford, to enter into Arrangements with the St Helen's Canal and Railway Company, and to convert their Mortgage Debt into Annuities.

164. An act for amending the Acts passed for the Construction of the Basingstoke and Salisbury Railway, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The London and South-western Railway (Basingstoke and Salisbury) Act, 1853."

165. An act for authorizing Arrangements for the Completion of the Birkenhead Docks.

166. An act for enabling the East London Waterworks Company to improve their Supply of Water; and for other Purposes.

167. An act for the Improvement of the Borough of Halifax, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The Halifax Improvement Act, 1853."

168. An act for making a Railway from Limerick to Foynes.

169. An act for enabling the Llanelly Railway and Dock Company to make new Railways, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The Llanelly Railway and Dock Act, 1853."

170. An act to repeal the Acts relating to the Ribble Navigation Company, of the First Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eight, and of the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One, and some of the Provisions of the Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and sixteen, which relate to the Company, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof respectively; and to grant further Powers to the Company for the Construction of Works, for providing Quays, for raising Capital, for levying Tolls, for regulating the Disposition of the reclaimed Lands, and for other Purposes.

171. An act to enable the Whitehaven and Furness Junction Railway Company to make Branch Railways; and for other Purposes.

172. An act to enable the Blyth and Tune Railway Company to construct Branches in the County of Northumberland; and for other Purposes.

173. An act for constructing and maintaining Docks and other Works at or near to Milford Haven, and for other Purposes.

174. An act for making a Railway from Enniskillen to Sligo, with a Branch therefrom.

175. An act for providing additional Station Accommodation at Birmingham in connexion with the Birmingham and Oxford Junction Railway; and for enabling the Great Western Railway Company to use a Portion of the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway; and for making better Provision with reference to the joint Station at Wolverhampton; and for other Purposes.

176. An act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of "The Westminster Improvement Act, 1845," "The Westminster Improvement Act, 1847," and "The Westminster Improvement Act, 1850;" to extend the Time for the compulsory Purchase of Lands; to authorize further Improvements in the City of Westminster; and for other Purposes.

177. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Birkenhead Dock Company, and to enable the Company to make a Railway for their Works, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The Birkenhead Dock Company's Act, 1853."

178. An act to authorize the Newport, Abergavenny, and Hereford Railway Company to make Deviations on their Extension to the Taff Vale Railway, and to make certain short Branches.

179. An act to authorize Deviations at Hereford and near Pontypool of the Newport, Abergavenny, and Hereford Railway, and to amend the Acts relating to that Railway.

180. An act for making a Railway to the Crystal Palace, with Branches to the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway, and to the London and South-western Railway.

181. An act for the Improvement of the Parish of Chorley in the County of Lancaster.

182. An act for the more effectual Improvement of the Borough of Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

183. An act to enable the Newry and Enniskillen Railway Company to extend their Railway to the Landing Quay at Newry, to effect a Junction with the Dublin and Belfast Junction Railway, and for other Purposes.

184. An act for making a Railway from Worcester to Hereford, with certain Branches therefrom, and for other Purposes.

185. An act for improving and maintaining the Port and Harbour of Westport in the County of Mayo.

186. An act for making a Railway from the North-western District of the Metropolis to Battle Bridge in the County of Middlesex.

187. An act to enable the West Cornwall Railway Company to make certain new Railways; and for other Purposes.

188. An act for making a Railway from the Scottish Central Railway near Loaninghead to the Town of Crieff.

189. An act for making a Railway from Tralee to Killarney.

190. An act for consolidating and amending the Powers of the Acts of "The Imperial Continental Gas Association."

191. An act for reclaiming, inclosing, and appropriating certain Parts of the Harbour or Estuary of Castlemaine and the Creeks of Carahk and Rossbehy in the County of Kerry.

192. An act to revive and amend the Powers of the Acts relating to the Chard Railway Company, to regulate the Capital of the Company, and to enable them to extend their authorized Railway into Taunton.

193. An act for constructing a Railway and Landing Places within the Borough of King's Lynn, for regulating the Share Capital of the East Anglian Railways Company, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The East Anglian Railways Act, 1853."

194. An act for the Improvement of the Borough of Limerick.

195. An act for enabling the Monmouthshire Railway and Canal Company to make new Railways; and for other Purposes.

196. An act to enable the Severn and Wye Railway and Canal Company to improve their Railway and Harbour; and for other Purposes relating to the Company.

197. An act for making a Railway from the South Wales Railway at Britonferry to Glyncorrwg in Glamorganshire, to be called "The South Wales Mineral Railway."

198. An act to consolidate and amend "The Staffordshire Potteries Waterworks Act, 1847," and "The Staffordshire Potteries Waterworks Extension Act, 1849," and to extend the Provisions and enlarge the Powers thereof.

199. An act for making a Railway from Stamford Baron in the County of Northampton to the Great Northern Railway at Essendine in the County of Rutland, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

200. An act for better paving, draining, cleansing, lighting, watching, supplying with Water, regulating in regard to Markets and other Purposes, for making new Streets, and otherwise improving the Town of Galway.

201. An act for regulating the depasturing and Management of certain Pastures in the Parish of Richmond in the County of York.

202. An act to consolidate the Acts relating to the Cork and Bandon Railway Company, to authorize the Company to construct Extension and Branch Railways, and for other Purposes.

203. An act for granting further Powers to "The Electric Telegraph Company," and to enable such Company to make Arrangements for the working of Telegraphs adjoining their Works.

204. An act for authorizing the South Wales Railway Company to deviate the Line of their Railway in the Forest of Dean, and for other Purposes.

205. An act to enable the London and North-western Railway Company to make a Railway to connect the Buckinghamshire Railway with the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway.

206. An act for reclaiming from the Sea certain Lands near Harwich, for constructing Docks and a Pier on such Lands, and for other Purposes.

207. An act for making a Pier and Breakwater in the Bay of Galway, and for conferring additional Powers on the Galway Harbour Commissioners, and for other Purposes.

208. An act for making a Railway from Banbridge to join the Dublin and Belfast Junction Railway at Scarvagh.

209. An act for granting further Powers in reference to the leasing and selling the Undertaking of the South Wales Railway Company to the Great Western Railway Company, and authorizing working Arrangements between the said Companies, and for other Purposes.

210. An act to enable the South Wales Railway Company to extend the Pembroke Line of their Railway to Pennar Mouth, and to make a Deviation in their said Pembroke Line; and for other Purposes.

211. An act to reduce and regulate the Tolls payable in respect of Traffic passing between Liverpool and certain Places on the Liverpool, Crosby, and Southport Railway, and also the Payments or Tolls payable to the Lancashire and Yorkshire and East Lancashire Railway Companies in respect of Traffic to and from the last-mentioned Railway; and for other Purposes.

212. An act to extend the Periods limited for completing and for purchasing Lands for the Stratford-upon-Avon and Kingswinford Branches of the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway, and to extend such respective Branches, to construct a Branch Railway to Stourbridge, and to authorize the raising of certain Sums of Money by Preferential Shares, and for other Purposes.

213. An act for the Construction and Maintenance of a Harbour at Llandudno in the County of Carnarvon.

214. An act for making a Railway from Wellington to Coalbrookdale, and an Extension to the River Severn, all in the County of Salop; and for other Purposes.

215. An act for the Incorporation of the Westminster Association for improving the Dwellings of the Working Classes.

216. An act for enabling the London and North-western Railway Company to construct a Railway from Crewe to Shrewsbury, and other Works in connexion with their Undertaking; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

217. An act for making a Railway from the Newport, Abergavenny, and Hereford Railway in the Parish of Llanvihangel Pontymoyle in the County of Monmouth to Coleford in the County of Gloucester, with a Branch to the Monmouth Gasworks; and for other Purposes.

218. An act to enable the Warrington and Altrincham Junction Railway Company to make Deviations and Branches at Warrington, and to use certain neighbouring Railways.

219. An act to enable the South Sea Company to enter into Arrangements with certain Proprietors of the Company.

220. An act for the Improvement of the Town of Rochdale, and for providing a Cemetery there, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The Rochdale Improvement Act, 1853."

221. An act to enable the Eastern Union Railway Company to redeem their Preference Shares; and for other Purposes.

222. An act for making a Railway from the London and North-western Railway at Willesden to the North London Railway, with a Branch to the North and South Western Junction Railway, to be called "The Hampstead Junction Railway," and for other Purposes.

223. An act for making a Railway from the Great Northern Railway at Boston in the County of Lincoln to the Great Northern Railway at Barkstone in the same County, and for other Purposes.

224. An act for incorporating the Life Association of Scotland, for enabling the said Association to sue and to be sued, to take and hold Property, and for other Purposes relating to the said Association.

225. An act for the Appointment and Regulation of Vestries in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist in the City of Westminster.

226. An act to amend an Act, intituled An act for incorporating the East Indian Railway Company, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

227. An act for making a Railway from the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway near Hartlebury in the County of Worcester to the Borough of Shrewsbury in the County of Salop, with a Branch, to be called "The Severn Valley Railway and for other Purposes.

