Local Acts passed in 1854, 17 & 18 Victoria c.1 - c.222.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1854.
---

1. An act for better supplying with Gas the Town of Middleton and the Neighbourhood thereof in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

2. An act to enable the London Life Association to increase the Amount authorized by their Deed of Settlement to be assured upon a single Life in the said Society.

3. An Act. for granting further Powers to "The Radcliffe and Pilkington Gas Company."

4. An act to enable the Leeds New Gas Company to raise a further Sum of Money; to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Company; and for other Purposes.

5. An act for enabling the Brighton, Hove, and Preston Constant Service Waterworks Company to purchase the Undertaking of the Brighton, Hove, and Preston Waterworks Company; and for granting to the first-named Company all necessary Powers for supplying with Water the Parishes of Brighton, Hove, and Preston in the County of Sussex.

6. An act for incorporating and extending the Powers of the Hastings and Saint Leonards Gas Company.

7. An act for enabling the Norwich Equitable Fire Assurance Company to sue and be sued in that Name, and for other Purposes.

8. An act for the Improvement of the Borough of Warrington; and for enabling the Council thereof to erect a covered Market; and for other Purposes.

9. An act to warp and improve certain Lands in the Level of Hatfield Chase.

10. An act for enabling the Nottingham Waterworks Company, to raise a further Sum of Money; and for amending some of the Provisions of the Act relating to such Company.

11. An act to consolidate the Stock and Powers of the Corporation of "The Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire" with the Stock and Powers of the Corporation of "The Royal Exchange Assurance," and to confer on the last-named Corporation the Powers of "The Royal Exchange Assurance Annuity Company" and "The Royal Exchange Assurance Loan Company," and to give additional Powers to "The Royal Exchange Assurance."

12. An act to confer additional Powers upon the Corporation of the Amicable Society for a perpetual Assurance Office, for the Purposes of Investment.

13. An act to enable the Dock Company at Kingston-upon-Hull to raise a further Sum of Money, and to convert the Mortgage and Bond Debt of the Company into Debenture Stock and Perpetual Annuities; and for other Purposes.

14. An act for establishing a Police Superannuation Fund in the Borough of Liverpool.

15. An act to make further Provision for the Sewerage, Sanitary Regulation, and Improvement of the Borough of Liverpool.

16. An act for better supplying with Water the Town of Southport in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the Neighbourhood thereof.

17. An act for supplying with Gas Ramsbottom and other Places in the Parish of Bury in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

18. An act to enable the Rossendale Waterworks Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

19. An act for enabling the Scarborough Public Market Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and for amending and consolidating the Provisions of the Act relating to such Company.

20. An act for lighting with Gas the Borough of Bolton and Places near thereto, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The Bolton Gas Company’s Act, 1854."

21. An act for continuing the Term and amending and extending the Provisions of the Act relating to the Kingswood District of Turnpike Roads in the County of Gloucester.

22. An act for repealing "The Stafford Gas Act, 1846;" and for re-constituting the Stafford Gas Company, with additional Powers; and for other Purposes.

23. An act to enable "The Burry Port Company" to raise additional Capital, and to make Arrangements for the Satisfaction of the Mortgage and other Debts due from the Company; and to amend the Acts relating to the Company; and for other Purposes.

24. An act to enable the Whitehaven Junction Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to amend the Acts relating to the said Railway.

25. An act for improving and maintaining the Harbour or Port of Port Gordon in the County of Banff.

26. An act for lighting with Gas Bacup, Waterfoot, Newchurch, Rawtenstall, Crawshaw Booth, and other Places in the Forest of Rossendale in Lancashire.

27. An act for supplying with Water the Town and Municipal Borough of Clitheroe, in the County of Lancaster.

28. An act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Manchester to widen certain Streets in and otherwise improve the said City; to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

29. An act to amend an act intituled An act for incorporating the Madras Railway Company, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

30. An act for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Harrow in the County of Middlesex with Water.

31. An act for the Improvement of the City of Hereford, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The Hereford Improvement Act, 1854."

32. An act for building a Bridge over the River Tame, to connect the Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne with the Township of Dukinfield.

33. An act for more effectually lighting with Gas the Town of Cardiff and certain Parishes adjacent thereto in the County of Glamorgan.

34. An act for making and maintaining Docks in the Borough and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

35. An act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis in the County of Dorset to provide Market Houses for the Sale of certain marketable Commodities, and to erect and maintain an improved Pier or Landing Place within the Borough, and for other Purposes.

36. An act to repeal the Act relating to the Ridghill and Lanes and Holehouse Turnpike Road, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

37. An act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Waterworks to raise further Money.

38. An act for the Extension of the Manchester Corporation Waterworks, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The Manchester Corporation Waterworks Act, 1854."

39. An act to enable the New River Company to construct certain Sewers, Drains, and other Works in and near the Town of Hertford; and for other Purposes.

40. An act for the Improvement of the Town of Wellington in the County of Salop.

41. An act for paving, lighting, watching, draining, cleansing, regulating, and otherwise improving the Town of West Hartlepool and Part of the Township of Stranton in the County of Durham; for providing a Cemetery; and for other Purposes.

42. An act to enable the Brighton and Hove General Gas Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

43. An act for granting certain Powers to "The National Assurance and Investment Association."

44. An act to amend the Act incorporating the Great Indian Peninsula Railway Company, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

45. An act for making new Docks and other Works at Belfast, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The Belfast Dock Act, 1854."

46. An act for more effectually protecting certain Lands, forming Part of the Rossall Estate in the Township of Thornton in the Parish of Poulton le Fylde in the County of Lancaster from Inundation by the Sea.

47. An act to renew the Term and continue certain of the Powers of an act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from South Shields to White Mere Pool, and from thence to join the Durham and Newcastle Turnpike Road at Vigo Lane, with a Branch from Jarrow Slake to East Boldon, all in the County of Durham.

48. An act to renew the Term and continue the Powers of an act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Kippings Cross to Wilsley Green, and from a Place near Goudhurst Gore to Stilebridge, and from Underden Green to Wanshutts Green, all in the County of Kent.

49. An act for more effectually paving, lighting, and improving the Town of Abergavenny in the County of Monmouth, for maintaining the Markets within such Town, and for supplying the same with Water.

50. An act to create a further Term in the Buckingham and Towcester Road, and to amend and extend the Act relating thereto; and for other Purposes.

51. An act for better supplying with Water the Parish and Environs of Louth in the County of Lincoln.

52. An act for making a Street from Bothwell Street to Saint Vincent Street in the City of Glasgow.

53. An act for enabling the South Staffordshire Railway Company to make Branch Railways to Cannock and Norton, to acquire additional Lands in the Parish of Wednesbury, and for other Purposes.

54. An act to incorporate the Guild of Literature and Art, and to enable it to hold Land.

55. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Imperial Gaslight and Coke Company, and to increase the Capital of the Company.

56. An act for improving the Harbour, reconstructing the Pier, and defining the Limits of the Port and Harbour of Saint Mawes in the County of Cornwall.

57. An act for authorizing the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Railway Company to raise further Monies for the Purposes of their Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

58. An act for enabling the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to construct a Railway from Kirkdale to the Liverpool Docks, with connecting Lines there; and for other Purposes.

59. An act to enable the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to construct a Branch Railway to near Middleton in the County of Lancaster; and for other Purposes.

60. An act for enabling the Whittle Dean Water Company to extend their Works, and to obtain a further Supply of Water from certain Rivers and Streams in the County of Northumberland, in order to afford a better Supply of Water to the Inhabitants of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, Gateshead, and other Places in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham; and for consolidating and amending the Acts relating to such Company.

61. An act to enable the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to enlarge their Stations at New Cross, the Bricklayers Arms, and Norwood; to widen the Branch Railway called "The Thames Junction Railway," and their Main Line of Railway in the Neighbourhood of such Branch; to increase their Capital, and to establish a Provident Institution for their Servants and Workmen; and for other Purposes.

62. An act to authorize the Parliamentary Trustees on the River Clyde and Harbour of Glasgow to raise a further Sum of Money, and to fund the Debt of the Trust; and for other Purposes.

63. An act for repealing an act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, for establishing a Market for the Sale of Cattle in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington in the County of Middlesex.

64. An act for making a Railway from the Whitehaven and Furness Junction Railway near Whitehaven to Egremont in the County of Cumberland, with a Branch therefrom to Frizington in the same County, to be called the Whitehaven, Cleator, and Egremont Railway; and for other Purposes.

65. An act for amending "The East London Waterworks Act, 1853."

66. An act for better supplying with Water the Town of Padiham and the Neighbourhood thereof, and the Villages of Habergham or Cheapside and Lower Houses or Thornhill Holme, all in the Parish of Whalley in the County of Lancaster.

67. An act for the Improvement of the Town of Burnley and Parts of the Neighbourhood thereof, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The Burnley Improvement Act, 1854."

68. An act for making a Railway from the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway to Caterham in the County of Surrey.

69. An act for granting further Powers to the Eastern Union Railway Company with respect to the Extension to Woodbridge.

70. An act to enable the Stockton, Middlesbrough, and Yarm Water Company to supply with Water the Township of Norton in the County of Durham, and the Townships of Coatham and Redcar in the North Riding of the County of York, and other Places on the Line of the Mains and Pipes of the Company; and to enable the Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and to amend the Act relating to the Company; and for other Purposes.

71. An act to repeal certain Acts relating to the Petworth Turnpike Roads, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

72. An act enable the New River Company to construct new Reservoirs and other Works in the County of Middlesex.

73. An act for enabling the York, Newcastle, and Berwick Railway Company to purchase all or any Estates, Rights, and Interests existing in the Lands or Grounds upon or adjoining to which the Railway of the said Company, called "The Pontop and South Shields Railway," has been formed; or otherwise to occupy such Lands or Grounds.

74. An act for maintaining the Turnpike Road from Greenhead, through Haltwhistle, Hexham, and Corbridge, to the Military Road near Shildon Bar, and the Branch Road from Corbridge to Heddon-on-the-Wall, all in the County of Northumberland.

1xxv. An act to create a further Term in the Trowbridge Roads, to add other Roads to the Trust, to amend and extend the Act relating to the said Roads, and for other Purposes.

76. An act to enable the Furness Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for the Amendment of the Acts relating to the said Company.

77. An act to make Provision with respect to Water Supply and Police for Shipley, Baildon, and Windhill in the West Riding of the County of York.

78. An act to incorporate "The Kingston-upon-Thames Gas Company," and to enable them to light with Gas the Parishes of Kingston, Long Ditton, and Thames Ditton in the County of Surrey.

79. An act for enabling the Blyth and Tyne Railway Company to construct Railways to Tynemouth and the Longhirst Station of the York, Newcastle, and Berwick Railway in the County of Northumberland; and for consolidating and amending the Acts relating to such Company.

80. An act to enable the North London Railway Company to construct a Station or Depot near to the new Metropolitan Cattle Market; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

81. An act to repeal an act for inclosing the Marsh in the Township of Newport in the County of Salop, and to vest the same and other Property in Trustees for paving, draining, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of Newport; and for other Purposes.

82. An act to amend "The Nene Valley Drainage and Navigation Improvement Act, 1852," and to provide additional Funds for carrying out certain of the Improvements authorized by such Act.

83. An act for regulating and improving the Town of Ryde in the Isle of Wight, and providing a Supply of Gas and Water thereto, and for other Purposes.

84. An act to repeal an act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An act for more effectually constituting and regulating the Court of Record within the Borough of Manchester and for extending the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and to extend the Powers and Jurisdiction of the said Court, and to simplify and otherwise improve its Practice and Proceedings; and for other Purposes.

85. An act for enabling the Cornwall Railway Company to make certain Modifications in their Share Capital; and for other Purposes.

86. An act for making a Turnpike Road from Chester by Farndon to Worthenbury, with a Branch therefrom to the Village of Farndon.

87. An act to consolidate and extend the Powers of the Accrington Gas and Water Works Company, and to enable them the better to supply with Gas and Water the Townships and Places of Old Accrington, New Accrington, Church, Lower Booths, and Huncoat, in the Parish of Whalley, and the Extra-parochial Place of Henheads, all in the County of Lancaster, and to sell or lease their Undertaking to the Local Board of Health for the District of Accrington; and for other Purposes.

88. An act to establish a General Cemetery for the Borough of Doncaster, and for other Purposes.

89. An act to extend the Powers of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Levels of Havering, Dagenham, and other Places, and to enable them to construct Sewers in the Parishes of West Ham, East Ham, and North Woolwich.

90. An act for the better supplying with Water the Parliamentary Burgh or Town of Hamilton and Suburbs thereof.

91. An act to incorporate the Birmingham and Midland Institute, to define its Constitution, and to enable the Council of the Borough of Birmingham to grant a Site for the Institute Buildings.

92. An act for improving the Harbour of Blyth in the County of Northumberland, and for constructing Docks there; and for other Purposes.

93. An act to enable the Crystal Palace Company to divert certain Roads, and to take and let Land on Lease; and for other Purposes.

94. An act to incorporate "The Surrey Consumers Gaslight and Coke Association," and to enable them to raise further Sums of Money; and for other Purposes.

95. An act to repeal the Acts relating to the Turnpike Road from Gloucester through Painswick to Stroud, and make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

96. An act to enable the Cork and Bandon Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to Skibbereen, and to raise further Capital for the Cork and Bandon Railway; and for other Purposes.

97. An act to amend an act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for more effectually repairing the Wadsley and Langset Turnpike Road, and extending the same in Two Lines to join the Huddersfield and Woodhead Turnpike Road in the Townships of Upperthong and Honley in the West Riding of the County of York, and to continue the Term thereby granted, so far as the said Act and the Term thereby granted relate to the New Mill District of Road therein mentioned.

98. An act to alter the Site of the new Bridge authorized to be erected over the River Foyle at Londonderry, and to make Approaches thereto.

99. An act for providing Waterworks, Gasworks, and public Baths and Wash-houses for the Town and Borough of Beccles in the County of Suffolk.

100. An act to incorporate the Hull General Cemetery Company, and to enlarge and improve their Cemetery; and for other Purposes.

101. An act for the further Improvement of Kingston-upon-Hull, and for other Purposes.

102. An act for paving, lighting, watching, draining, supplying with Water, watering, cleansing, regulating, and otherwise improving the Town of Llandudno in the County of Carnarvon, for making a Cemetery, and for establishing and regulating a Market and Market Places therein; and for other Purposes.

103. An act for more effectually repairing several Roads adjoining or near to the Town of Bideford, and for making several Lines of Road connected with the same, all in the County of Devon.

104. An act for regulating the Police of the Royal Burgh of Lanark, and for paving, draining, cleansing, lighting, watching, and improving the same, for regulating the Markets thereof; and for other Purposes.

105. An act for more effectually repairing the Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford known as the Dudley, Halesowen, and Bromsgrove District of Roads.

106. An act to embank and reclaim from the Sea certain Waste Lands subject to be overflowed by the Tide, called Tacumshin Lake in the County of Wexford.

107. An act to authorize the making certain Roads and stopping up certain Lanes and Footways between Kensington Gore and Brompton in the County of Middlesex, and for otherwise facilitating the Formation of a Site for Institutions connected with Science and the Arts.

108. An act for enabling the Great Western Railway Company to provide additional Station Accommodation at Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and Bushbury; and for other Purposes.

109. An act to repeal an act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an act of His late Majesty George the Third, for repairing the Road from Saint Martin Stanford Baron to Kettering, and from Oundle to Middleton Lane, in the County of Northampton, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

110. An act for supplying with Water the Parishes of Bangor, Llandegai, and Llanllechid, and with Gas the Parish of Bangor.

111. An act for the Improvement of the Town of Bethesda and Neighbourhood in the County of Carnarvon.

112. An act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigations to make new Canals and other Works; and for other Purposes.

113. An act for establishing Parks in or near to the Borough of Birmingham.

114. An act for constructing a Market House and other Buildings for Public Accommodation at Chesterfield in the County of Derby, and for the better Regulation and Maintenance of the Market there.

115. An act for making a Railway from the Stockton and Darlington Railway near Darlington to or near to Barnard Castle, both in the County of Durham, and for making Arrangements with the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

116. An act for making a Railway from the Dowlais Railway to the Wale of Neath Railway at Merthyr Tydfil, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The Dowlais Railway Act, 1854.

117. An act for vesting in the East Lancashire Railway Company jointly with the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company certain Parts of the Manchester and Southport Railway and of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway; and for other Purposes.

118. An act to amend "The Edinburgh Police Act, 1848," and to make further Provision for Sewerage, Drainage, and Improvement of the City of Edinburgh, for deepening and cleansing the Water of Leith, and for other Purposes.

119. An act for making a Railway in Deviation and Extension of the Halesworth, Beccles, and Haddiscoe Railway from Westhall Low Common to Woodbridge, and certain Branches therefrom, and for changing the Name of the Company to the East Suffolk Railway Company

120. An act to amend the Provisions of certain Acts relating to the Shrewsbury and Chester Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

121. An act to enable the South Sea Company to realize and divide their Capital Stock and Assets.

122. An act for enabling the South Devon Railway Company to improve their Sutton Harbour Branch, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The South Devon Railway (Sutton Harbour Branch) Act, 1854."

123. An act to continue the Term and to amend and extend the Provisions of the Act relating to the Winchester and Petersfield Turnpike Road; and for other Purposes.

124. An act to make further Provision for supplying with Water the Borough of Bradford and certain Places in the Neighbourhood thereof.

125. An act for the Regulation of the Municipal Corporation of the Borough of Yeovil in the County of Somerset, and for the Extension of the Boundaries of the said Borough, and for the Improvement of the said Borough.

126. An act for the Conservancy and Improvement of Swansea Harbour, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The Swansea Harbour Act, 1854."

127. An act for making a Railway from the Great Northern Railway at or near Welwyn in the County of Hertford to Hertford in the same County, to be called the "Hertford and Welwyn Junction Railway;" and for other Purposes.

128. An act for authorizing the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company to make new Works, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The Stockton and Darlington Railway Act, 1854.

129. An act for better supplying with Water the Borough of Bradford in the County of York.

130. An act to authorize certain Improvements in or in connexion with the Lowestoft Harbour, and for other Purposes.

131. An act for constructing a Bridge for Foot Passengers across the River Clyde opposite to the North End of Mac Neil Street in the City of Glasgow.

132. An act for making a Railway from the Great Southern and Western Railway near Mallow to Fermoy, to be called  "The Mallow and Fermoy Railway;" and for other Purposes.

133. An act to alter the Line of the London, Tilbury, and Southend Extension Railway, to authorize the Lease thereof, and the Purchase of the Railway and certain Parts of the Works belonging to the Thames Haven Dock and Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

134. An act for Removal of Toll Bars beyond the Parliamentary Boundaries of the City of Edinburgh, and for other Purposes.

135. An act to enable the Londonderry and Enniskillen Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to Fintona, and to extend their Line at Londonderry; and for other Purposes.

136. An act for making a Railway from the Irish South-eastern Railway at Bagenalstown to Wexford, to be called "The Bagenalstown and Wexford Railway."

137. An act for continuing the Term and amending and extending the Provisions of the Act relating to the Brighton, Cuckfield, and Lovell Heath, and Cuckfield and West Grinsted Turnpike Roads.

138. An act to authorize the Extension by the Ambergate, Nottingham, and Boston and Eastern Junction Railway Company of their Line of Railway into the Town of Nottingham, the Formation of a Station there; and for other Purposes.

139. An act to give further Powers to the Law Life Assurance Society with respect to the Investment of the Funds of the Society.

140. An act to authorize the Trustees of the Rochdale and Burnley Turnpike Roads to take Toll in respect of the Carriages of certain Stones.

141. An act for enabling the North and South Western Junction Railway Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

142. An act to amend the Tralee and Kllarney Railway Act, 1833.

143. An act for making a Railway from Horncastle in Lincolnshire to the Kirkstead Station of the Great Northern Railway.

144. An act for making a Railway from the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway at Leominster to Kington in Herefordshire.

145. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Toll House Beck in the Township of Ireby in the County of Lancaster to Kirkby Lonsdale and Kirkby Kendal in the County of Westmoreland, and through Kirkby Lonsdale to Milnthorpe in the said County.

146. An act for making a Railway from the Ayr and Dalmellington Railway near the Cothouses on the Farm of Pleasantfield to the Town of Maybole, to be called "The Ayr and Maybole Junction Railway."

147. An act for supplying the Township of Stourbridge and the Neighbourhood thereof with Water.

148. An act for making a Railway from the Scottish Midland Junction Railway near Stanley to Birnam near Dunkeld in the County of Perth.

149. An act to authorize the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway Company to provide Station Accommodation in Shrewsbury and Hereford, and to enter into Arrangements and Agreements with the Hereford, Ross, and Gloucester Railway Company.

150. An act for making a Railway from the Town of Llandovery in the County of Carmarthen to join the Llanelly Railway at Llandilofawr in the same County, and for other Purposes.

151. An act to incorporate a Company for making a Railway from near the Picton Station on the Leeds Northern Railway to near the Grosmont Station on the Whitby and Pickering Branch of the York and North Midland Railway, and for other Purposes.

152. An act to repeal the Act relating to the Thirsk and Yarm Turnpike Road, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof, and to grant a further Term in the said Road; and for other Purposes.

153. An act to enable the Eastern Counties Railway Campany to enlarge and improve their Goods Station in the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green in the County of Middlesex.

154. An act to enable the granting Building Leases of Parts of the Camden Town Cemetery belonging to the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields not heretofore used for the Purpose of Interment, and for other Purposes.

104. An act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to make certain Branch Railways and other Works in the County of Lanark; and for other Purposes.

156. An act for altering the Lines authorized by the Caledonian Railway (Lesmahagow Branches) Act, 1851, and for otherwise amending that Act.

157. An act to confer further Powers on the Dukinfield Gas Company.

158. An act for enabling the South Wales Railway Company to acquire additional Land at Swansea, and for enlarging the Powers of Lease or Sale to and Contribution by the Great Western Railway Company, and for authorizing Arrangements between the South Wales Railway Company and the Vale of Neath Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

159. An act for the Improvement of the Borough of Bolton, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "Bolton Improvement Act, 1854.

160. An act for making a Railway from the Leeds, Bradford, and Halifax Junction Railway near Leeds to Wakefield, all in the West Riding of the County of York, to be called "The Bradford, Wakefield, and Leeds Railway;" and for other Purposes.

161. An act for the Improvement and Regulation of the Town of Lowestoft, and the Parishes of Lowestoft and Kirkley otherwise Kirtley, in the County of Suffolk, and for other Purposes.

162. An act to enable the Leeds, Bradford, and Halifax Junction Railway Company to construct a Railway in extension of and to alter the Levels of Part of their Railway from Gildersome Street to East Ardsley in the West Riding of the County of York; and for other Purposes.

163. An act for the better paving, draining, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Parish of West Bromwich in the County of Stafford, and for constructing Cemeteries there, and for making, maintaining, and regulating Markets and Market Places therein; and for other Purposes.

164. An act to confer additional Powers on the York, Newcastle, and Berwick Railway Company for constructing Docks at Jarrow Slake, and a Branch Railway thereto; and to enable the Dean and Chapter of Durham to appropriate a Portion of the Money payable to them for the Purchase of Lands for the same to the Endowment of a Church; and for other Purposes.

165. An act to repeal the Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Turnpike Road from Chapel-en-le-Frith to or near to Enterclough Bridge in the County of Derby, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Derby and in the County Palatine of Chester; and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

166. An act to re-incorporate the Patent Solid Sewage Manure Company, and to extend its Powers.

167. An act for supplying with Gas the Townships of Farnworth and Kearsley in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

168. An act to enable the Bangor and Caernarvon Railway Company to raise additional Capital, and to authorize the Sale or Lease of the said Company's Railway to the Chester and Holyhead Railway Company.

169. An act for the Provision, Regulation, and Maintenance of County Industrial Schools in Middlesex.

170. An act for the Embankment, Reclamation, and Drainage of Lands in the Bay of Bannow in the County of Wexford.

171. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Ambergate, Nottingham, and Boston and Eastern Junction Railway Company, and to authorize the Reduction and Regulation of and certain Arrangements as to the Capital of the said Company; and for other Purposes.

172. An act for more effectually draining certain Fen Lands and Wet Grounds called "The Great West Fen," in the Parish of Hilgay in the County of Norfolk.

173. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Stourbridge in the County of Worcester to Bridgnorth in the County of Salop.

174. An act to enable the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway Company to lease their Undertaking.

175. An act to enable the Dublin and Wicklow and the Dublin and Kingstown Railway Companies to alter certain existing Contracts therein mentioned; and for other Purposes.

176. An act for making a Railway from the Town of Inverness to the Town of Nairn.

177. An act to consolidate the several Acts relating to the Port and Harbour of Londonderry; for the Improvement of the Navigation of the Lough and River of Lough Foyle; and to authorize the Construction of a uniform Line of Quays, Docks, and other Works.

178. An act for the more effectual Drainage and Improvement of certain Lands in the Wapentake of Ouse and Derwent in the East Riding of the County of York, and for other Purposes.

179. An act to reduce the Capital and define the Undertaking of the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company.

180. An act for making a Railway from the Town of Wells to join the Norfolk Railway at Fakenham, to be called "The Wells and Fakenham Railway."

181. An act to enable the Local Board of Health for the Township of Darlington to supply Gas and Water within their District, and to purchase the Works of the Darlington Gas and Water Company; to establish and regulate Markets and Slaughter-houses, and a Public Park; to construct Sewage Works, and raise Money; and for other Purposes.

182. An act for vesting the Ardrossan Railway in the Glasgow and South-western Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

183. An act for transferring to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Blackburn all the Powers and Property now vested in "The Blackburn Improvement Commissioners," and certain Powers and Property by the Private Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-six, vested in the Overseers of the Poor of the Township of Blackburn, authorizing the Corporation to purchase the Property of the Blackburn Waterworks Company, and conferring on them further Powers for the Improvement and Regulation of the Borough; and for other Purposes.

184. An act for vesting in the Caledonian Railway Company certain Portions of the Undertaking of the General Terminus and Glasgow Harbour Railway Company.

185. An act to enable the Newport Dock Company to construct a new Dock and other Works; and for other Purposes.

186. An act to enable the Portsmouth Railway Company to make certain Alterations in the Line and Levels of their Railway, and to extend their said-Line from Godalming to Shalford; and for other Purposes.

187. An act to authorize the Great North of Scotland Railway Company to divert their Railway, to make a short Branch to the Victoria Docks at Aberdeen, to enter into Arrangements with the Aberdeen Harbour Commissioners and the Aberdeen Railway Company with respect to a Tramway to connect the Two Railways; and for other Purposes.

188. An act for the more effectual Drainage and Improvement of certain Lands in the Parish of Methwold in the County of Norfolk, and for other Purposes.

189. An act for making a Railway from the South Devon Railway near Plymouth to Tavistock, with a Branch, to be called "The South Devon and Tavistock Railway," and for other Purposes.

190. An act for incorporating and regulating a Company to be called "The Royal Conical Flour Mill Company," and to enable the said Company to purchase, work, and use certain Letters Patent; and for other Purposes.

191. An act to enable the Newport and Pillgwenlly Waterworks Company to increase and extend their Supply of Water, and to construct new Works; and for other Purposes.

192. An act for authorizing Arrangements with respect to the South Reserve at Birkenhead, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "The Birkenhead Dock Trustees Act, 1854."

193. An act for making a Railway from Rhymney to a Point of Junction with the Newport, Abergavenny, and Hereford Railway near Bedllewyn, with a Branch up the Bargoed Rumney Valley, to be called "The Rhymney Railway," and for other Purposes.

194. An act to enable the North Staffordshire Railway Company to make a Railway from Stoke-upon-Trent to Congleton, with Branches therefrom.

195. An act to repeal, alter, amend, and extend some of the Powers and Provisions of "The Tees Conservancy and Stockton Dock Act, 1852," and for other Purposes relating to the Conservancy of the Tees.

196. An act for making a Turnpike Road from Garth-Penbryn to Adwyddu in the County of Merioneth, with a Bridge over the Estuary of Traethbach in the said County.

197. An act to incorporate a Company for the Purpose of lighting with Gas the Parishes of Tormoham and Saint Mary Church in the County of Devon.

198. An act for transferring to a Company the Powers vested in the Commissioners under "The North Shields Quay Act, 1851.

199. An act for making a Railway from the Town and Royal Burgh of Selkirk to the Hawick Branch of the North British Railway, about a Mile Southwards from the Galashiels Station of the said Branch; and for other Purposes.

200. An act for making a Railway from the London and North-western Railway near Stockport to Disley and Whaley Bridge, all in the County of Chester; and for other Purposes.

201. An act for authorizing the Transfer to the London and North-western Railway Company of the Haydon Square Branch of the London and Blackwall Railway, and for other Purposes; and of which the Short Title is "The London and Northwestern Railway Act, 1854."

202. An act for enabling The Great Western Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to connect The Berks and Hants Railway with the Main Line of The Great Western Railway near Reading; for extending the Time for Completion of Parts of The Wilts, Somerset, and Weymouth Railway, and for reviving the Powers for Purchase of Land for, and for completing other Portions of that Railway; and for other Purposes.

203. An act for limiting the Liability of the Shareholders in the Electric Telegraph Company, and for granting additional Powers to such Company.

204. An act for determining the existing Lease of the West London Railway to the London and North-western Railway Company, and for enabling the last-mentioned Company and the West London Railway Company to enter into fresh Arrangements for the Sale or Lease of the Undertaking of the West London Railway Company to the London and North-western Railway Company, and for the Settlement of all Disputes between the said Companies; and for other Purposes.

205. An act for making a Railway from the Parish of Saint John the Evangelist in the City and Liberty of Westminster to Clapham in the County of Surrey, with a Branch from such Railway to join the authorized Line of the West End of London and Crystal Palace Railway at Long Hedge Farm in the Parish of Saint Mary Battersea in the County of Surrey.

206. An act to extend the Powers of the Cork and Waterford Railway Company, and to enable them to abandon Part of their Railway to Waterford, and the Branch to Tranmore; and for other Purposes.

207. An act to alter the Lines and Levels of the Stratford-upon-Avon and Stourbridge Branches of the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway; to construct certain Branch Railways and Works connected therewith; to amend the Acts relating to the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

208. An act to authorize Agreements between the Direct London and Portsmouth Railway Company and the Portsmouth Railway Company, and for winding up the Affairs of the Direct London and Portsmouth Railway Company.

209. An act for enabling the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway Company to construct a Branch Line of Railway to the Town of Chipping Norton in the County of Oxford, and for regulating the Working and Use of the same by such Company.

210. An act to enable the West End of London and Crystal Palace Railway Company to make a Railway from Norwood to Bromley and Famborough, and for other Purposes.

211. An act to dissolve the York and North Midland and Leeds Northern Railway Companies, and to vest their Undertakings in the York, Newcastle, and Berwick Railway Company, to be thenceforth called "The North-eastern Railway Company," and to alter the Constitution of that Company, and to authorize working Arrangements with the Malton and Driffield Junction Railway Company, and the Amalgamation of that Company with such United Company; and for other Purposes.

212. An act for making a Railway from the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Railway, at or near Hexham in the County of Northumberland, to or near the Belling in the Parish of Falstone in the same County, to be called "The Border Counties Railway (North Tyne Section);" and for other Purposes.

213. An act for relieving the Ratcliff Gaslight and Coke Company, and their Servants and Agents, from certain Penalties and Penal Actions.

214. An act to authorize working Arrangements between the Ambergate, Nottingham, and Boston, and Eastern Junction Railway Company and the Great Northern Railway Company, or Lease or Sale to the last-named Company.

215. An act for making a Railway from the London and South-western Railway at Salisbury to Yeovil, and to form a Junction with the Railways at Yeovil of the Great Western and Bristol and Exeter Railway Companies respectively; and for other Purposes.

216. An act to repeal and amend the Act for incorporating the British Guarantee Association, and to make further Provisions as to the Management and Regulation thereof.

217. An act to transfer the Paisley Waterworks to the' Magistrates and Council of Paisley, and to enable them to construct additional Works for supplying Paisley, Johnstone, and Places adjacent, with Water.

218. An act for making a Railway from the South Wales Railway at or near the Borough of Carmarthen to the Town of Newcastle Emlyn, with a view of being hereafter extended to the Town and Harbour of Cardigan; and for other Purposes.

219. An act to repeal an "Act for better regulating the Poor within the City of Oxford," and to grant further and more effectual Powers in lieu thereof; and also to provide for rating to the Relief of the Poor certain Hereditaments within the University of Oxford.

220. An act for authorizing and confirming Arrangements and Agreements between the Eastern Counties Railway Company and all or any of the Norfolk, the Eastern Union, the East Anglian, and the Newmarket Railway Companies, and for other Purposes; and of which the Short Title is "The Eastern Counties, and the Norfolk, the Eastern Union, the East Anglian, and the Newmarket Railways Act, 1854."

221. An act to alter and extend the North Metropolitan Railway, and to consolidate and amend the Provisions relating thereto.

222. An act to authorize the Consolidation into One Undertaking of the Great Western, the Shrewsbury and Birmingham, and the Shrewsbury and Chester Railways, and the Union into One Company of the Three several Companies to whom the said Railways respectively belong.

