Local Acts passed in 1855, 18 & 19 Victoria c.1 - c.198.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1855.
---

1. An act to amend "The Pudsey Gas Act, 1845," and to enable the Company thereby incorporated to raise a further Sum of Money.

2. An act for incorporating the Woolwich, Plumstead, and Charlton Consumers Gas Company.

3. An act to enable the Cambridge University and Town Waterworks Company to raise further Money.

4. An act to enable the Taunton Gaslight and Coke Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and for other Purposes.

5. An act for erecting and maintaining a Bridge over the River Wye at a Place called Hoarwithy Ferry, in the Parishes of Hentland and King's Caple in the County of Hereford, and for making convenient Approaches thereto.

6. An act to transfer to the Corporation of the Town of Brighton the Property, Powers, Privileges, and Liabilities of the Brighton Improvement Commissioners.

7. An act for granting further Powers to the Folkestone Waterworks Company.

8. An act for more effectually lighting with Gas the Town of Stalybridge and the Neighbourhood thereof in the Counties of Chester and Lancaster and in the West Riding of the County of York.

9. An act for supplying with Gas the Townships of Ossett-cum-Gawthorpe in the Parish of Dewsbury, and Horbury in the Parish of Wakefield, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

10. An act for enabling the Monmouthshire Railway and Canal Company to raise further Capital, and for other Purposes.

11. An act for constructing a Railway from Bridport to Maiden Newton, on the Wilts, Somerset, and Weymouth Railway, in the County of Dorset.

12. An act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the Act relating to the Ratcliff Gaslight and Coke Company.

13. An act to enable the Leeds, Bradford, and Halifax Junction Railway Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

14. An act for merging the Sheffield Gas Consumers Company in the Sheffield United Gaslight Company, and for other Purposes.

15. An act to authorize the Glossop Gas Company to raise Money and for other Purposes.

16. An act to enable the South-eastern Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to create Preferential Stock, for the Purpose of paying off their Mortgage Debt.

17. An act for making a Railway from the Midland Railway in the Parish of Cam in the County of Gloucester to the Town of Dursley.

18. An act to enable the Belfast and County Down Railway Company to extend their Railway in the County of Down.

19. An act to grant further Powers to "The Colchester, Stour Valley, Sudbury, and Halstead Railway Company."

20. An act to enable the Heywood Waterworks Company to extend their Undertaking, and to increase their Capital.

21. An act for enabling the Grand Junction Waterworks Company to raise further Capital, and for other Purposes.

22. An act to re-incorporate Price's Patent Candle Company, and to extend its Powers.

23. An act to enable the South Wales Mineral Railway Company to grant a Lease of their Undertaking.

24. An act for enabling the Southwark and Vauxhall Water Company to raise additional Capital, and for other Purposes.

25. An act to empower the Vale of Neath Railway Company to raise further Money for the Purposes of their Undertaking.

26. An act to incorporate the Woolwich Equitable Gas Company, and to enable them to raise further Money; and for other Purposes.

27. An act to enable the Torquay Market Company to raise a further Sum of Money, to sell or lease their Undertaking, and for other Purposes.

28. An act to extend the Great North of Scotland Railway from Huntly to Keith.

29. An act to enable the Chesterfield Waterworks and Gaslight Company to extend their Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

30. An act for making a Railway from the Town of Jedburgh to the Kelso Branch of the North British Railway at or near the Roxburgh Station, and for other Purposes.

31. An act for constructing a Market House, Market Place, and other Buildings for public Accommodation at Bangor in the County of Carnarvon, and for the better Regulation and Maintenance of the Markets there, and for other Purposes.

32. An act for more effectually supplying with Gas the Parish of Rotherham and certain Places adjacent thereto in the West Riding of the County of York.

33. An act for better enabling the Medical, Invalid, and General Life Assurance Society to sue and be sued, and for other Purposes with relation to the Society.

34. An act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Waterworks to construct new Waterworks; and for other Purposes.

35. An act for extending the Powers of the Plymouth and Stonehouse Gaslight and Coke Company; and for other Purposes.

36. An act for paving, draining, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving the District of Saint Mark, Surbiton, in the Parish of Kingston-upon-Thames in the County of Surrey; and for other Purposes.

37. An act to incorporate the Stourbridge Gas Company, and to enable them to light with Gas the Town of Stourbridge in Worcestershire and other Places.

38. An act to enable the East Indian Railway Company to issue Und register Shares and Securities in India; and for other Purposes in relation to such Company.

39. An act for authorizing the Sale of the Uxbridge Burgage Lands, and directing the Application of the Proceeds thereof, and for other Purposes.

40. An act to enable the Madras Railway Company to issue and register Shares and Securities in India, and for other Purposes in relation to such Company.

41. An act to enable the Corporation of Newport in Monmouthshire to purchase the Interest of the Freemen in Newport Marshes, and for other Purposes.

42. An act to amend "The Lancaster Waterworks and Gas Act, 1852," and to raise an additional Sum of Money for the Purposes of the said Act; and for other Purposes.

43. An act to amend the Provisions and extend the Limits of the Act relating to the Over Darwen Gaslight Company.

44. An act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Manchester to make a new Street from Manchester across the River Irwell into Salford; and authorizing Arrangements with the Corporation of Salford in reference thereto; and for other Purposes.

45. An act to extend the Limits of the Borough of Kingston-upon-Thames, and to provide for the better paving, lighting, draining, and otherwise improving the said Borough; and for other Purposes.

46. An act for extending the Powers of The Plymouth Great Western Dock Company, and for other Purposes.

47. An act to authorize the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Oldham to construct additional Waterworks; and for other Purposes.

48. An act to confer further Powers on the Birmingham Gaslight and Coke Company.

49. An act for repealing an act called "The Hartlepool Gas and Waterworks Act, 1849," and granting other Powers in lieu thereof; and for enabling the Hartlepool Gas and Water Company to raise further Money, and for other Purposes; the Short Title of which is "The Hartlepool Gas and Waterworks Act, 1855."

50. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Llynvi Valley Railway Company; to enable them to construct a new Railway from Llangonoyd to Bridgend, and to extend their present Line from Foce Toll House to Saint Bride's Minor, to abandon Parts of their existing and authorized Lines, to dissolve the Bridgend Railway Company, and to abandon their Railway; and for other Purposes.

51. An act for further and more effectually repairing and maintaining the Bridge over the River Tweed at or near the Town of Kelso in the County of Roxburgh.

52. An act to amend "The St George's Harbour Act, 1853."

53. An act to enable the Ulster Railway Company to make a Railway from Armagh to Monaghan, and to enlarge their Station at Belfast; and for other Purposes.

54. An act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Londonderry to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

55. An act to incorporate "The Kilmarnock Gaslight Company," established to supply with Gas the Town of Kilmarnock, and the Parishes of Kilmarnock and Riccarton, and Places therein, all in the County of Ayr.

56. An act for consolidating into One Act and amending the Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Dundee and Perth and Aberdeen Railway Junction Company; and for enabling the Company to raise Money for the Payment of Debts; and for other Purposes.

57. An act for making a Railway from the Great North of Scotland Railway to Turriff in the county of Aberdeen.

58. An act to authorize certain Arrangements with respect to the Capital of the Swansea Dock Company.

59. An act for extending the Time for the Completion of the Cornwall Railway and Works; and for making further Provisions as to the Share Capital of the Cornwall Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

60. An act to enable the Swansea Vale Railway to extend their Railway, and to maintain and work the same as a Passenger Railway, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

61. An act to repeal the Act relating to the Leominster and Ledbury Turnpike Trust, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

62. An act to enable the Salisbury and Yeovil Railway Company to make a Deviation in the Line of their Railway; and for other Purposes.

63. An act to enlarge some of the Powers of the Acts relating to the Bristol and Exeter Railway Company; and to enable such Company to raise further Sums of Money, to acquire additional Lands, to lease the Somerset Central Railway, to hold additional Shares in the Exeter and Crediton Railway; and for other Purposes.

64. An act to incorporate the Hyde Gas Company, and to grant more effectual Powers for supplying with Gas the several Townships of Hyde, Werneth, Bredbury, Romiley, Newton, and Godley in the County of Chester.

65. An act for making a Railway from and out of the Great North of Scotland Railway in the Parish of Inverury to the Town of Old Meldrum, all in the County of Aberdeen; and for other Purposes.

66. An act for amending the several Acts relating to the Liverpool Corporation Waterworks, and for authorizing Deviations and the Construction of Works; and for other Purposes.

67. An act for amending "The Commercial Roads Act, 1828," and "The Commercial Roads Continuation Act, 1819," and for other Purposes.

68. An act for repairing the Road from the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull to the Western Boundary of the Parish of Hessle in the East Riding of the County of York.

69. An act for making a Railway from the Oxford Branch of the Great Western Railway to Abingdon.

70. An act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne in the County of Lancaster to purchase and maintain Waterworks; and for other Purposes.

71. An act to repeal the Act relating to the Nottingham and Loughborough Turnpike Road, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

62. An act for establishing and maintaining an efficient System of Police for the Royal Burgh of Renfrew, for improving the said Burgh, and for other Purposes in relation thereto.

73. An act to enable the Waterford and Limerick Railway Company to raise further Money; and for other Purposes.

74. An act for the Improvement of the Town of Saint Helen's, and for other Purposes.

75. An act to alter and extend the Line of the Cromford and High Peak Railway, and to amend and consolidate the Provisions of the Acts relating thereto.

76. An act for making a Railway from the Waterford and Limerick Railway at Killonan to Castleconnell, to be called "The Limerick and Castleconnell Railway;" and for other Purposes.

77. An act to extend the Limits of the Newcastle-under-Lyme Gaslight Company's Act for the Supply of Gas, and to authorize the raising of a further Sum of Money, and for other Purposes.

78. An act to increase the borrowing Powers of the Limerick and Foynes Railway Company.

79. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Maryport and Carlisle Railway; to authorize the Company to improve their existing Railway; to make new Branches, Stations, and other Additions to their Works; to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

80. An act for better lighting with Gas the Town and Borough of Newport, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Monmouth.

81. An act for more effectually supplying with Gas the Town of Weston-super-Mare, in the County of Somerset.

82. An act to renew the Term and continue the Powers of an act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for repairing the Road from Alford to Boston, and from thence to Cowbridge in the Township of Frithville, in the County of Lincoln.

83. An act to repeal so much of the Act relating to the Wigan and Preston Roads as relates to the District of the said Roads North of Yarrow, and to make other Provisions in lien thereof.

84. An act to alter and amend "The Lands Improvement Company's Act, 1853."

85. An act to renew the Term and continue the Powers of an act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth intituled An act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an act of the Fortieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in Witney to the Road on Swerford Heath, and the Road leading from the Road from Woodstock to Birmingham through Charlbury to the Road from Chipping Norton to Burford, all in the County of Oxford.

86. An act for making a Railway from Oswestry in the County of Salop to Welchpool and Newtown in the County of Montgomery.

87. An act for repairing, widening, and maintaining several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon leading to and from the Borough of Lyme Regis, and from the Turnpike Road on Raymond's Hill to the Turnpike Road at the Three Ashes in the Parish of Crewkerne in the County of Somerset.

88. An act for making a Railway from the Town of Dundalk in the County of Louth to the Town of Black Rock in the said County.

89. An act for the better Supply of the City of Gloucester and the Neighbourhood thereof with Water; and for other Purposes.

90. An act for enabling the London and Blackwall Railway Company to widen certain Portions of their Railways, and for amending some of the Provisions of the Acts relating to such Railways.

91. An act for enabling the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to Lincoln, and for other Purposes.

92. An act for continuing the Term of the Nottingham and Newhaven Turnpike Road and Districts Act, and for other Purposes.

93. An act for extending the Powers of the Warrington Waterworks Company, and for other Purposes.

94. An act to amend the East Kent Railway Act, 1853.

95. An act to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the Regents Canal to purchase the Hertford Union Canal; and for other Purposes.

96. An act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

97. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Glasgow and South-western Railway, and for other Purposes.

98. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the South Wales Railway Company, and to authorize the Construction of new Works, and Alterations of existing Works, and for other Purposes.

99. An act to authorize Improvements in the Borough of Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

100. An act for the Improvement of the Town of Newton in Mackerfield and Neighbourhood in the County of Lancaster.

101. An act to enable the Cork and Youghal Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to Queenstown, and to make certain Deviations in and an Extension of their Line; and for other Purposes.

102. An act to alter certain Portions of the Metropolitan Railway, and to amend the Provisions of the Act relating thereto.

103. An act to amend and extend the Provisions of the Act relating to the Gomersal and Dewsbury Turnpike Roads, and to create a further Term therein, and for other Purposes.

104. An act to repeal certain Acts relating to the Basingstoke, Stockbridge, and Lobcomb Corner Turnpike Roads, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof

105. An act to enable the Dundalk and Enniskillen Railway Company to construct Extension Railways; and for other Purposes.

106. An act to repeal the Acts relating to the Road from Lightpill to Birdlip, and make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

107. An act to repeal the Act relating to the Peterborough and Wellingborough Turnpike Road, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

108. An act to repeal the Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Cainscross through Stroud over Rodborough and Minchinhampton Commons to the Town of Minchinhampton, with some Branches therefrom, all in the County of Gloucester, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

109. An act to repeal an act for making and maintaining certain Roads from the Town of Stroud and several other Places therein mentioned, all in the County of Gloucester, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

110. An act to enable the Rhymney Railway Company to extend their Railway to the Taff Vale Railway, to construct Branch Railways, and for other Purposes.

111. An act for continuing the Term and amending and extending the Provisions of the Act relating to the First District of the Bridport Turnpike Roads in the County of Dorset

112. An act for continuing the Term and amending and extending the Provisions of the Act relating to the Bridport and Broadwinsor Turnpike Roads.

113. An act for incorporating the Bombay, Baroda, and Central India Railway Company; and for other Purposes connected therewith.

114. An act for extending the Time for the Purchase of Lands and for the Completion of a Railway from Chichester to Bognor.

115. An act for incorporating the Scinde Railway Company, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

116. An act to enable the North Yorkshire and Cleveland Railway Company to make a Branch from their Railway to the Middlesbrough and Guisbrough Railway, and also a Branch to Whorlton, and other Works; and to alter and amend the Act relating to the said Company; and for other Purposes.

117. An act to change the Name of "The National Loan Fund Life Assurance Society" to the Name of "The International Life Assurance Society;" and to enable the said Society to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman or Secretary or any One Director of the said Society; and to give additional Powers to the said Society.

118. An act to authorize and empower the Magistrates and Council of the City of Glasgow to supply with Water the said City and Suburbs thereof, and Districts and Places adjacent; to purchase and acquire the Glasgow Waterworks, and the Gorbals Gravitation Waterworks; and to introduce an additional Supply of Water from Loch Katrine; and for other Purposes.

119. An act for maintaining and improving the Harbour of Ayr, and for the better Regulation and Management thereof.

120. An act for making a Railway through Part of the Aberdare Valley in the County of Glamorgan, to join the Vale of Neath Railway.

121. An act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigations to make and maintain additional Canals and Works, and for other Purposes.

122. An act for making Railways from the South Devon Railway to Exmouth, and to the Basin of the Exeter Canal, to be called The Exeter and Exmouth Railway.

123. An act to consolidate the Capital Stock of the Electric Telegraph Company and of the International Telegraph Company, and to grant further Powers to the Electric Telegraph Company.

124. An act to enable the Great Northern Railway Company further to increase their Capital; and for other Purposes with relation to the same Company.

125. An act for incorporating the "Colonial Life Assurance Company for enabling the said Company to sue and to be sued, to take and hold Property; and for other Purposes relating to the said Company.

126. An act for the Improvement, Maintenance, and Regulation of the Port of Hartlepool, for the Construction of a Harbour of Refuge there, and for other Purposes.

127. An act for making a Railway from Ladybank on the Line of the Edinburgh, Perth, and Dundee Railway, by Auchtermuchty and Strathmiglo, to Milnathort and Kinross.

128. An act to authorize the Sunderland Dock Company to make further Works; and to amend and consolidate the Acts relating to the said Company; and for other Purposes.

129. An act for regulating the Share Capital of the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

130. An act to enable the Stockport, Disley, and Whaley Bridge Railway Company to construct a Junction Line to the Cromford and High Peak Railway, and for other Purposes.

131. An act to enable the Carmarthen and Cardigan Railway Company to make a Deviation in their Line of Railway; and for other Purposes.

132. An act for the Improvement of the Town of Leek in the County of Stafford, for purchasing the Market Tolls, and for providing more commodious Markets and Cemeteries, and for better supplying the Inhabitants with Water; and for other Purposes.

133. An act to enable the Weymouth Waterworks Company to increase and extend their Supply of Water, and to construct new Works, and for other Purposes.

134. An act for changing the Corporate Name of the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal; for consolidating their Acts; for authorizing them to make a new Entrance from the Thames, additional Docks and other Works, and to raise further Moneys; and for other Purposes.

135. An act for granting further Powers to the Torquay, Tor, and Saint Mary Church Gas Company.

136. An act to repeal the Acts passed for repairing the Road from Hedon through Preston and Bilton to Hull, and other Roads in the County of York, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

137. An act for incorporating the "Gaslight Company of Sligo," and for other Purposes.

138. An act to amend the Provisions of "The West Bromwich Improvement Act, 1854," with relation to the Prevention of Smoke.

139. An act to vary the Mode of carrying the Staines, Wokingham, and Woking Railway across certain Roads, and for other Purposes.

140. An act for incorporating "The Cape Town Railway and Dock Company," and for other Purposes connected therewith.

141. An act to amalgamate the Glasgow and Inchbelly Bridge and Possil and Balmore Turnpike Road Trusts, and to make Branch Roads; and for other Purposes.

142. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Charlestown of Aboyne, by Ballater, Crathie, and Castletown of Braemar, to Cairnwell Hill, with a Branch at Crathie, in the County of Aberdeen; and for other Purposes.

143. An act for constructing and maintaining a Quay and other Works in the Borough of Gateshead in the County of Durham, and for other Purposes.

144. An act to enable the Halifax Gaslight and Coke Company to transfer their Undertaking and Powers to the Halifax Local Board of Health; and for other Purposes.

145. An act to amend an act of the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, Chapter 100, to enable Her Majesty's Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London to purchase certain Lands and Houses for building more convenient and requisite Head Quarters, Storehouses, and other proper Accommodation for the Royal London Militia, and to confer certain other Powers.

146. An act for making a Railway from the London and North-western Railway at Dunstable in the County of Bedford to the Great Northern Railway at or near Welwyn in the County of Hertford, to be called the "Luton, Dunstable, and Welwyn Junction Railway;" and for other Purposes.

147. An act to extend the Limits of the Borough of Folkestone, to enable the Corporation of the said Borough to construct a Market House; to make certain new Streets and other Improvements; and to pave, light, drain, and otherwise improve the said Borough; and for other Purposes.

148. An act for insuring the due Proof of Gun Barrels in England, and for other Purposes.

149. An act for enabling the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company to make new Branches and other Works; to acquire additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

150. An act for authorizing the making and maintaining of the West Somerset Mineral Railway, and the improving and regulating of the Harbour of Watchet in the County of Somerset; and for other Purposes.

151. An act for better supplying with Water the Town and Parish of Wolverhampton the Suburbs thereof, and the Parishes and Places adjacent thereto.

152. An act to amend "The Bradford Corporation Waterworks Act, 1854."

153. An act for making a Railway from the Port Carlisle Railway in the Township of Drumburgh to or near to the Coat Lighthouse in Silloth Bay in the Parish of Holme Cultram in the County of Cumberland, and also a Dock and Jetty at Silloth Bay; and for making Arrangements with the Port Carlisle Dock and Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

154. An act for maintaining the Yorkshire District of the Road from Keighley in the West Riding of the County of York to Kirkby-in-Kendal in the County of Westmoreland.

155. An act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Liverpool to acquire Lands; and for other Purposes.

156. An act to renew the Term and continue the Powers of an act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Wadhurst to the Turnpike Road on Lamberhurst Down, both in the County of Sussex, and from the Turnpike Road on Pullen's Hill to West Farleigh Street, both in the County of Kent.

157. An act for extending the Times granted to purchase Lands for the Part of the Waveney Valley Railway between Bungay and Beccles.

158. An act to enable the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company to enlarge their Station at Queen Street, Glasgow; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

159. An act for making and maintaining the Great Northern London Cemetery, and for other Purposes.

160. An act for better enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Wisbech to raise and secure Monies payable by them to the Nene Valley Drainage and Navigation Improvement Commissioners; and for other Purposes.

161. An act to repeal the Act relating to the Dolton and Nightingale's Turnpike Road, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

162. An act to authorize the Construction of a Dock on the North Side of the River Thames, to be called "The Dagenham (Thames) Dock."

163. An act to amend "The London Necropolis and National Mausoleum Act, 1852," and for other Purposes.

164. An act to repeal an act for making, widening, repairing, and maintaining certain Roads leading to and from the Town of Honiton in the County of Devon; and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

165. An act for making a Railway from the Leven Railway at the Town of Leven to the Town of Kilconquhar in the County of Fife, to be called "The East of Fife Railway."

166. An act to incorporate the Royal Medical Benevolent College, and for other Purposes.

167. An act to enable the Londonderry and Coleraine Railway Company to lease a Portion of their Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

168. An act for more effectually repairing the Cavendish Bridge and Brassington Road, and for making a Branch Line of Road in connexion with the same, all in the County of Derby.

169. An act for making Railways from the Farnborough Extension of the West London and Crystal Palace Railway to the North Kent Line of the South-eastern Railway, and to the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway, with Branches therefrom; and for other Purposes.

170. An act for extending the Limits of the Harbour of Barrow in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to enable the Commissioners of the said Harbour to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

171. An act for vesting the Undertakings of the Birkenhead Dock Company, and of the Trustees of the Birkenhead Docks in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Liverpool, and for other Purposes.

172. An act for improving the Postal and Passenger Communication between England and Ireland, and for authorizing Arrangements between certain Companies in England and Ireland in relation thereto; and for other Purposes.

173. An act to repeal and consolidate the several Acts relating to the Furness Railway Company; to enable the said Company to raise a further Sum of Money; to give further Powers to the said Company; and for other Purposes.

174. An act to authorize the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks to construct new Works and to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

175. An act for enabling the South Staffordshire Railway Company to make certain Branch Railways; for the Purchase of additional Lands at Wichnor and Dudley; and for other Purposes.

176. An act for maintaining and improving the Road from Gateshead in the County of Durham to the Hexham Turnpike Road near Dilston Bar in the County of Northumberland, and other Roads connected therewith.

177. An act to enable the Portsmouth Railway Company to make an Alteration in the Line of their Railway; and for other Purposes.

178. An act for the Improvement of the Borough of Shrewsbury in the County of Salop.

179. An act to correct an Oversight in "The Hereford Improvement Act, 1854."

180. An act to incorporate a Company for making a Railway from the Bishop Auckland Branch of the North-eastern Railway in the Township of Elvet to the Township of Brandon and Byshottles, all in the County of Durham, to be called "The Dearness Valley Railway;" and for other Purposes.

181. An act to enable the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway Company to alter and improve certain of their Works, and to construct additional Works; and to authorize Arrangements with respect to the Stratford-upon-Avon Canal; and for other Purposes.

182. An act for enabling the Somerset Central Railway Company to construct Railways to Wells and to Burnham, and a Pier at Burnham, and to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

183. An act for the making and maintaining of the Severn Valley Railway; and for other Purposes.

184. An act to facilitate the Erection of One or more Churches in the Parishes of Tormoham and Saint Mary Church, at or near the Town of Torquay, in the County of Devon; and for other Purposes.

185. An act to repeal the Act of the Ninth Victoria, Chapter Thirty-two, to reconstitute and extend the Police District therein mentioned under the Name of the Airdrie Rural Police District, and to erect and maintain a Hall, Court House, and Public Offices for the Airdrie District of Lanarkshire.

186. An act to authorize the Transfer of the Undertaking of the Deptford Gaslight and Coke Company to the Surrey Consumers Gas Company, and to wind up the Affairs of the first-named Company; and for other Purposes.

187. An act for enabling the East Kent Railway Company to extend their authorized Line of Railway by the Construction of a Railway from Canterbury to Dover, with two Branches at Dover; to increase their Capital; and for other Purposes.

188. An act for amending the Acts relating to the London and South-western Railway Company; for regulating their Capital; and for other Purposes.

189. An act for the Conservancy and Improvement of Dundalk Harbour and Port, and for other Purposes.

190. An act for making certain Railways to connect Glasgow, Dumbarton, and Helensburgh, in the Counties of Lanark and Dumbarton; and for making Provision for the Use and working of the said Railways.

191. An act for making a Railway from the Great Western Railway at Southall in the County of Middlesex to Brentford in the same County, with Docks at the last-mentioned Place; and for other Purposes.

192. An act for making a Railway and Pier to and at Stokes Bay in the County of Hants.

193. An act for extending the Times granted to the Westminster Improvement Commissioners by "The Westminster Improvement Act, 1845," "The Westminster Improvement Act, 1847," "The Westminster Improvement Act, 1850," and "The Westminster Improvement Act, 1853," for the compulsory Purchase of Lands and the Completion of Works; and for altering the Corporate Name of "The Westminster Association for improving the Dwellings of the Working Classes" to "The London and Westminster Association for improving the Dwellings of the Working Classes;" and for other Purposes.

194. An act to change the corporate Name of the Derbyshire, Staffordshire, and Worcestershire Junction Railway Company, to repeal their Act and consolidate their Powers, to alter and define their Undertaking, to reduce their Capital; and for other Purposes.

195. An act for facilitating the Completion of the Westminster Improvements, and for the Incorporation of the Westminster Land Company for a limited Period for that Purpose.

196. An act for transferring Part of the Property and Powers of the Trustees of tho River Lee; and for the Amendment of the Acts of the New River Company, the East London Waterworks Company, and the said Trustees; and for other Purposes.

197. An act to repeal, alter, and amend some of the Provisions of "The Royal Conical Flour Mill Company's Act, 1854;" to enable the Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

198. An act for making a Railway from the Manor Street Terminus of the authorized Westminster Terminus Railway in the Parish of Clapham in the County of Surrey to Norwood in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the same County, connecting the Westminster Terminus Railway with the West End of London and Crystal Palace Railway.

