Local Acts passed in 1856, 19 & 20 Victoria c.1 - c.139.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1856.
---

1. An act to enable the London Dock Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

2. An act for supplying with Gas the Townships of Knottingley and Ferrybridge in the West Riding of the County of York.

3. An act to extend the Period limited for the Exercise of the Powers of the Colonial Bank; and for other Purposes.

4. An act for lighting with Gas the Borough of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and its Neighbourhood, in the County of Dorset; and for other Purposes;

5. An act for vesting in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Liverpool the Undertaking of the Chorley Waterworks Company, and for other Purposes.

6. An act for incorporating the Lancaster Gaslight Company, and extending their Powers, and for authorizing additional Works, and the raising of further Moneys; and for other Purposes.

7. An act to enable the Haslingden and Rawtenstall Waterworks Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and for other Purposes.

8. An act to enable the Southport Waterworks Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and for other Purposes.

9. An act for the better supplying with Gas The Parish of Gainsborough in Lincolnshire.

10. An act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of Lambeth Waterworks to raise further Money, and for other Purposes.

11. An act for effecting certain Alterations in the Works of the Tidal Harbour of Victoria Dock at Dundee, and for other Purposes in relation to the Harbour of Dundee.

12. An act to enable the Lincoln Waterworks Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

13. An act for granting further Powers to the Heywood Gaslight and Coke Company.

14. An act for the incorporating of the Milford Railway Company, and for the making of the Milford Railway in the County of Pembroke.

15. An act to enable the Eastern Counties and London and Blackwall Railway Companies to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purposes of the London, Tilbury, and Southend Extension Railway; to amend the Acts relating to such Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

16. An act for making a Railway from the Wilts, Somerset, and Weymouth Railway, near Frome, to Shepton Mallett in the County of Somerset

17. An act to confirm an Award for the Settlement of Matters in difference between the University and Borough of Cambridge, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

18. An act to enable the Ulster Railway Company to subscribe towards the Undertaking of the Portadown and Dungannon Railway Company, and to authorize certain Arrangements between the said Companies, and for other Purposes.

19. An act for supplying with Water the Town of Filey and the Environs and Neighbourhood thereof, and other Places in the East and North Ridings of the County of York, and for authorizing the Purchase of the Filey Gasworks, and for supplying the said Town with Gas; and for other Purposes.

20. An act to empower the Wakefield Gaslight Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

21. An act for incorporating the Worksop Gas Company.

22. An act to amend and extend the Provisions of "The Llanidloes and Newtown Railway Act, 1853;" and to enable the Llanidloes and Newtown Railway Company to make certain Deviations in their authorized Line and Levels, and, for other Purposes.

23. An act to confer further Powers on the Boston Gaslight and Coke Company.

24. An act to enable the East of Fife Railway Company to make a Deviation in the Line of their Railway, and for other Purposes.

25. An act for continuing the Term and amending and extending the Provisions of the Act relating to the Leicester and Welford Turnpike Road, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton.

26. An act for more effectually paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving the Town of Gravesend in the County of Kent.

27. An act to enable the Scarborough Waterworks Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to extend the Limits for the Supply of Water, and to amend the Provisions of the Act relating to such Company.

28. An act to repeal the Acts relating to the Sleaford and Tattershall Turnpike Road, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

29. An act to confer further Powers on the Bath Gaslight and Coke Company.

30. An act to confer further Powers on the Cheltenham Gaslight and Coke Company.

31. An act for continuing the Term and amending the Provisions of the Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Crowland in the County of Lincoln to the Town of Eye in the County of Northampton.

32. An act to extend the Municipal Boundaries of the City of Edinburgh, to transfer the Powers of the Commissioners of Police to the Magistrates and Council, and for other Purposes relating to the Municipality of the said City.

33. An act to authorize the Cork and Youghal Railway Company to extend their Railway into Cork, and for other Purposes.

34. An act for altering the Name of the Banbridge, Newry, Dublin, and Belfast Junction Railway Company to the Name "The Banbridge Junction Railway Company," for increasing their Capital and extending their Powers, and for other Purposes.

35. An act for enlarging and improving the Justiciary Court House, and Court Houses and Public Buildings of the City of Glasgow and County of Lanark, for erecting additional Buildings, for amending the Act relating thereto, and for other Purposes.

36. An act for making better Provision for supplying the Districts of Dewsbury, Batley, and Heckmondwike with Water, and for confirming an Agreement between the Local Boards of Health of those Districts; and for other Purposes.

37. An act for the Continuance and Regulation of the Kettering and Newport Pagnell Turnpike Road Trust.

38. An act to amend the Provisions and extend the Limits of the Act relating to the City of Coventry Gaslight Company.

39. An act to authorize the making of a Turnpike Road from the Township of Thornaby to Middlesbrough in the North Riding of the County of York, with a Bridge over a Creek or Arm of the River Tees, and for other Purposes.

40. An act to authorize the making of a Railway from the Great North of Scotland Railway to Alford in the County of Aberdeen, to be called "The Alford Valley Railway."

41. An act to amend "The St. Ives and West Cornwall Junction Railway Act, 1853."

42. An act to make further Provision for supplying with Water the Borough of Shrewsbury in the County of Salop.

43. An act to amend an act passed in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an act relating to the Road from Barnsdale through Pontefract to Thwaite Gate near Leeds in the West Riding of the County of York, and to continue the Term, thereby granted.

44. An act for regulating the Capital of the Fleetwood, Preston, and West Riding Junction Railway Company, for making further Provision with respect to Tolls to be taken on the Railway, and for other Purposes.

45. An act for making a Railway from the Chester and Holyhead Railway at or near to Rhyl in the County of Flint to the Town of Denbigh in the County of Denbigh, to be called "The Vale of Clwyd Railway."

46. An act to discontinue the taking of Toll on the Turnpike Roads leading from the Town of Antrim towards Coleraine, and to provide for the future Maintenance of such Roads.

47. An act to amend and consolidate the Acts relating to the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway Company, to enable that Company to raise further Sums of Money, to acquire additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

48. An act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Cork to remove certain Bridges, and to build new Bridges in lieu thereof; to confirm certain Arrangements with the Cork Pipe Water Trustees; to provide the necessary Funds for affording an improved Supply of Water at Cork; to alter, amend, and enlarge certain Powers and Provisions of the Cork Improvement Act, 1852; and for other Purposes.

49. An act to amend and extend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Knaresbrough and Green Hammerton Turnpike Road in the County of York, and to create a further Term therein; and for other Purposes.

50. An act to amend and extend the Provisions of the Act relating to the Knaresbrough and Pateley Bridge Turnpike Road, and to create a further Term therein, and for other Purposes.

51. An act for regulating the Capital and Mortgage Debt of the Eastern Counties Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

52. An act for extending the Time for the Completion of the Works authorized by "The Hampstead Junction Railway Act, 1853."

53. An act for making a Railway from Lowestoft to join the East Suffolk Railway in the Parish of Beccles, all in the County of Suffolk, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

54. An act to enable the Midland Railway Company to raise additional Capita], and for other Purposes.

55. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Barnby Moor in the County of Nottingham to Maltby in the County of York, and from Whiston to Rotherham in the said County of York.

56. An act for better paving the City of Glasgow, and for other Purposes in relation to the Statute Labour of the said City.

57. An act for the Transfer of the Wolverhampton Waterworks to the Wolverhampton New Waterworks Company, and for other Purposes.

58. An act for repairing the Road from Blackburn in the County Palatine of Lancaster to Addingham and Cocking End in the West Riding of the County of York, and the Road from Old Accrington to its Junction with such Road in Habergham Eaves in the said County of Lancaster.

59. An act to incorporate "The West Ham Gas Company," to enable them to raise further Money, to confirm a Contract between the said Company and the Commercial Gas Company; and for other Purposes.

60. An act to continue the Honiton and Sidmouth Turnpike Trust, and for other Purposes.

61. An act for making a Railway from the Chappel Station of the Colchester, Stour Valley, Sudbury, and Halstead Railway to Halstead in the County of Essex, and for other Purposes.

62. An act to incorporate "The Wandsworth and Putney Gaslight and Coke Company," and for other Purposes.

63. An act to authorize the North British Railway Company to raise more Money, and to build a Bridge over Leith Wynd in Edinburgh, and for other Purposes.

64. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Penrith to Cockermouth, and other Roads connected therewith, and for making and maintaining several new Roads, all in the County of Cumberland.

65. An act to consolidate the Drainage Trusts in Deeping Fen in the County of Lincoln, and for other Purposes relating to the said Fen.

66. An act for more effectually repairing certain Roads in the County of Chester, of which the Short Title is "Stockport and Warrington Road Act, 1856."

67. An act for enlarging and improving the Elgin and Lossiemouth Harbour, for raising a further Sum of Money, and for other Purposes.

68. An act to enable the Carmarthen and Cardigan Railway Company to make a Deviation of a Portion of their Line of Railway, and to abandon Parts thereof and to grant further Powers to the Company; and for other Purposes.

69. An act to enable the Luton, Dunstable, and Welwyn Junction Railway Company to alter the present authorized Junction of their Railway With the Leighton Buzzard and Dunstable Branch of the London and Northwestern Railway; and for other Purposes.

70. An act for incorporating the Scottish Drainage and Improvement Company, and to afford greater Facilities for the Improvement of Land in Scotland.

71. An act for making a Railway from Lymington in the County of Southampton to the London and South-western Railway at Brockenhurst in the same County, to be called the "Lymington Railway," with a Landing Place at Lymington aforesaid, and for other Purposes.

72. An act to repeal the Acts relating to the Brough and Eamont Bridge Turnpike Road, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

73. An act to renew the Term, and continue, amend, and enlarge the Powers, of an act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for repairing and amending the Roads from Donington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Milestone in the Parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry in the County of Lincoln.

74. An act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of Clay Cross, and the Neighbourhood, in the County of Derby.

75. An act for making a Railway from Sittingbourne to Sheerness, all in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes.

76. An act to enable the Eastern Counties and London and Blackwall Railway Companies to extend the London, Tilbury, and Southend Extension Railway to the London and Blackwall Railway, with Branches therefrom, and to authorize certain Arrangements with reference thereto; and for other Purposes.

77. An act to authorize the Division of the Borough of Middlesbrough into Wards; to enable the Local Board of Health of the District of Middlesbrough to purchase Gasworks and light the District, and to enlarge the Market Place; to enable the Corporation to establish a public Wharf, and a Passage over the River Tees; to confer other Powers on the Local Board and the Corporation; and for other Purposes.

78. An act for the better Supply of the Town of Torquay and the Neighbourhood thereof with Water, and for other Purposes.

79. An act for making a Railway from Yarmouth to the East Suffolk Railway in the Parish of Haddiscoe, with a Branch Railway connected therewith, and for other Purposes.

80. An act to sanction a Supply of Water to the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds from the River Wharfe.

81. An act to attach further Advantages to certain Portions the Capital of the Eastern Union Railway Company.

82. An act to repeal an act for amending and maintaining the Turnpike Road from Bawtry, through, the Town of Tinsley, to the Road from Rotherham to Sheffield in the West Riding of the County of York, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

83. An act for continuing the Term and amending and extending the Provisions of the Act relating to the Godley Lane Turnpike Road in the West Riding of the County of York.

84. An act to repeal the Act relating to the Turnpike Roads from Halifax to Huddersfield in the West Riding of the County of York, and to grant a further Term in the said Roads, and further Powers for the Management thereof, and other Purposes.

85. An act for carrying into effect certain Arrangements between the Trustees of the Renfrewshire Turnpike Roads, and the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council and Police and Statute Labour Committee of Glasgow; and for continuing in other respects the Acts relating to the said Roads.

86. An act to enable the Morayshire Railway. Company to construct a Railway from Orton to Craigellachie, and for other Purposes.

87. An act for authorizing Traffic Arrangements between the West End of London and Crystal Palace and the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Companies, the Regulation and Increase of Capital, and for other Purposes.

88. An act to afford Facilities to the Bagenalstown and Wexford Railway Company for raising the Funds necessary to enable them to execute their Undertaking, and for other Purposes.

89. An act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Monmouth, and for making several Lines of Road to communicate therewith, in the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, and Hereford.

90. An act for the Improvement of Part of the District of St Peter Bournemouth in the Parishes of Christchurch and Holdenhurst in the County of Southampton, and for providing Pier there.

91. An act for better supplying with Water the City of Edinburgh and Town and Port of Leith and places adjacent.

92. An act for making a Railway from the Epsom Branch of the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway at Epsom to Leatherhead.

93. An act for incorporating the Salisbury Railway and Market House Company; for authorizing them to make and maintain a Railway and a Market House at Salisbury; and for other Purposes.

94. An act for making a Railway from the Stocksfield Station of the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Railway to the Stockton, and Darlington Railway, near Conaide Iron Works, with a Branch to the Derwent Iron Company's Railway; and for other Purposes.

95. An act to enable the Swansea Vale Railway Company to make Extension and Branch Railways, and for other Purposes.

96. An act to repeal the Act for more effectually tasking, straightening, repairing, and, improving the Roads from near the Town of Lewes to Polegate in the Parish of Hailsham, and from thence to Eastbourne, and to Polegate to Hailsham Common, in the County of Sussex, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

97. An act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Conway to Llandudno in the County of Carnarvon, and for other Purposes.

98. An act for making a Railway from Dunfermline to Killairnie with a Branch to Kingseat in the County of Fife, to be called "The West of Fife Mineral Railway."

99. An act for making a Railway from the Town of Maybole to the Town and Harbour of Girvan, to he, called "The Maybole and Girvan Railway."

100. An act for making a Railway from the South Wales Railway near Brimspill in the Parish of Awre to Howbeach Valley in the Forest of Dean, with Branches; and for other Purposes.

101. An act for incorporating the Ceylon Railway Company, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

102. An act for enabling the Somerset Central Railway Company to construct a Railway from Glastonbury to near Bruton, and for other Purposes.

103. An act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Wem to the Lime Rocks at Bronygarth in the County of Salop, and for making several Lines of Road connected with the same in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh.

104. An act for continuing the Term and amending and extending the Provisions of the Act relating to the Cleobury North and Ditton Priors District and the Cleobury Mortimer District of Turnpike Roads, in the Counties of Salop and Worcester.

105. An act for authorizing a Lease of the Wimbledon and Croydon Railway, and for authorizing the Purchase of additional Lands and the raising of additional Capital by the Wimbledon and Croydon Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

106. An act to enable the Stirling and Dunfermline Railway Company to create additional Shares in their Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

107. An act to amend the Constitution of "The London Printing and Publishing Company, Limited."

108. An act to amend certain Acts relating to the Luton District Turnpike Road, and make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

109. An act to extend the Times limited for certain Purposes by the Acts relating to the Metropolitan Railway, and to enable the Metropolitan Railway Company to form a Junction with the Great Northern Railway, and for other Purposes.

110. An act for making a Railway from the Town of Nairn to the Town of Keith.

111. An act for authorizing Deviations from the authorized Line of the Severn Valley Railway, and for making further Provision with respect to Shares in the Capital of the Severn Valley Railway Company, and for facilitating the Completion of their Undertaking, and for other Purposes.

112. An act for establishing and maintaining a Ferry and Floating Bridge between Stokes Bay and Ryde in the County of Southampton, with Landing Places and Approaches thereto.

113. An act for making a Railway from the Scottish Central Railway at Dunblane by Doune to Callander, to be called "The Dunblane, Doune, and Callander Railway."

114. An act for making a Railway from Castle Douglas, by Dalbeattie, to the Glasgow and South-western Railway at Dumfries, and for other Purposes.

115. An act for granting further Powers for lighting, cleansing, sewering, and improving the Borough of Leeds, and for other Purposes.

116. An act for regulating the Rates and Charges to betaken by the Grand Junction Waterworks Company for a Supply of Water to Parts of the Parish of Paddington, and for other Purposes.

117. An act to grant further Powers to the Crystal Palace Company for the raising of Capital, for the internal Management of their Undertaking, and with respect to Dulwich Wood.

118. An act to consolidate the Powers of the Gloucester Gaslight Company, to enable them to raise Money, and for other Purposes.

119. An act for the making of a Dock and Works at Thames Haven, and for other Purposes.

120. An act for the making by the London and South-western Railway Company of a Railway from Yeovil to Exeter, to be called "The Exeter Extension Railway," and for other Purposes.

121. An act to amend the Acts relating to the East Indian Railway Company.

122. An act for making a Railway from the Taff Vale Railway to the River Ely in the County of Glamorgan, for converting Part of the said River into a tidal Harbour and regulating the Access thereto, for authorizing Arrangements with the Taff Vale Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

123. An act for altering the Crewe and Shrewsbury Line of the London and Northwestern Railway, for making Provision with respect to Station Accommodation at Shrewsbury, and for other Purposes.

124. An act to enable the Londonderry and Enniskillen Railway Company to create Preference Shares with Priority of Dividend over all the existing Shares of the Company, and for other Purposes.

125. An act for making a Railway from the authorized Line of the West End of London and Crystal Palace Railway (Extension to Bromley and Farnborough) at Shortlands in the Parish of Beckenham in the County of Kent to Saint Mary Cray in the same County.

126. An act to extend the Time limited for completing the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway, and for adapting the same to the Broad Gauge, and for other Purposes.

127. An act to repeal an act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for more effectually amending and keeping in repair the Roads from the Town of Uttoxeter to the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme in the County of Stafford, so far as relates to the Uttoxeter District of the said Roads, and for making certain new Pieces of Road to communicate therewith, all in the said County of Stafford, and to confer larger and additional Powers and Provisions in lieu of those therein contained; and for other Purposes.

128. An act to amend An act for draining, embanking, and improving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Parishes, Hamlets, Townships, or Places of Bardney, Southrow otherwise Southry, Tupholme, Bucknall, Horsington, Stixwould, Edlington, and Thimbleby, in the County of Lincoln, and to confer further Powers on the Commissioners under such Act; and for other Purposes.

129. An act to revive and extend certain of the Powers of the Waveney Valley Railway Company, with relation to their Railway.

130. An act for authorizing the Abandonment of Parts of the authorized Lines of the Westminster Terminus Railway; and the making of other Lines of Railway in lieu thereof, and for reducing the Capital of the Westminster Terminus Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

131. An act to render more effectual the Powers of raising Money given by "The Severn Navigation Act, 1853" and for other Purposes.

132. An act for making a Railway from the Oswestry and Newtown Railway in the Parish of Buttington in the County of Montgomery to Shrewsbury, with a Branch thereout to Minsterley in the County of Salop, and for other Purposes.

133. An act for extending the Operations of the Society for the Discharge and Relief of Persons imprisoned for small Debts throughout England and Wales.

134. An act to unite and amalgamate the Undertaking of the Scottish Midland Junction Railway Company with the Undertaking of the Aberdeen Railway Company, to be thenceforth called "The Scottish North-eastern Railway Company," and to regulate the Management of and confer additional Powers on the United Company, and for other Purposes.

135. An act for making a Railway from the Southampton and Dorchester Railway to Blandford Saint Mary in the County of Dorset, and for other Purposes.

136. An act for making a Railway from the Scottish Midland Junction Railway, near the Dunheld Road Bridge, to Methuen in the County of Perth.

137. An act to enable the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway Company to raise further Money for the Completion of the Broad Gauge, and for other Purposes; and to convert their Mortgage Debt into Stock.

138. An act to provide for the Arrangement of the Financial Affairs of the City of Perth, for the Maintenance of the Port and Harbour; and for other Purposes therewith connected.

139. An act to enable the Scottish Central Railway Company to make Branch Railways to the Town of Denny in the County of Stirling.

