Local Acts passed in 1857, 20 & 21 Victoria c.1 - c.162.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1857.
---

1. An act to enable the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

2. An act to incorporate a Company for supplying Gas to Chepstow and the Neighbourhood.

3. An act for granting further Powers to "the Reversionary Interest Society."

4. An act to incorporate the Proprietors of the Guildford Waterworks; and to confer further Powers for the Supply of Water to the Borough of Guildford.

5. An act to amend "The Inverness and Nairn Railway Act, 1854;" to enable the Inverness and Nairn Railway Company to create a Preference Stock, and to raise further Sums of Money; and for other Purposes.

6. An act for lighting with Gas the Borough of South Shields and Neighbourhood thereof in the County of Durham.

7. An act for more effectually supplying with Gas the Town and Borough of Sunderland and the Neighbourhood thereof in the County of Durham.

8. An act for enabling the South Devon Railway Company to raise additional Capital, and for other Purposes.

9. An act for the Regulation of certain Public Sufferance Wharves in the Port of London known as "Meriton's Sufferance Wharf" and "Hagen's Sufferance Wharf."

10. An act for regulating the Capital of the Bedale and Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

11. An act to make further Provision for supplying with Water the City of Chester and Suburbs thereof.

12. An act to incorporate the Guildford Gaslight and Coke Company, and to confer upon them further Powers for the Supply of Gas to Guildford and the Vicinity.

13. An act to enable the Great Western and Brentford Railway Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

14. An act to enable the Peebles Railway Company to create additional Shares in their Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

15. An act for incorporating the Willenhall Gas Company, and for other Purposes.

16. An act to authorize the Saint Helens Canal and Railway Company to increase and regulate their Capital, and for other Purposes relating to the Company.

17. An act to alter the borrowing Powers of the Tralee and Killamey Railway Company.

18. An act for enabling the Portsmouth Railway Company to execute certain Works in connexion with their Railway; and for other Purposes.

19. An act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to cancel unissued and forfeited Shares, to create new Shares in lieu thereof, and raise authorized Capital; and for other Purposes.

20. An act for supplying the Burgh of Dumbarton and Places adjacent with Water; for embanking and reclaiming the Broad Meadow there; and for extending the Municipal Boundaries of the said Burgh.

21. An act to amend an act made and passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act to repeal the several Acts for the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Islington in the County of Middlesex; for lighting and watching and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; for amending the Road from Highgate through Maiden Lane, and several other Roads in the said Parish; and for providing a Chapel of Ease and an additional Burial Ground for the same, and to make more effectual Provisions in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes.

22. An act to grant further Powers to "The Hove, and Preston Constant Service Waterworks Company," and to amend the Act relating to the Company.

23. An act for conferring upon the Calcutta and South-eastern Railway Company certain Powers.

24. An act to extend the Time for the compulsory Purchase of Lands for Parts of the Exeter and Exmouth Railway.

25. An act for more effectually empowering the United General Gaslight Company to light the City of Cork and the Suburbs thereof with Gas.

26. An act to establish Markets and Fairs in the Parish of Kidsgrove in the County of Stafford.

27. An act to amend and extend the Provisions of "The Waterford and Tramore Railway Act, 1851," to revive and extend their Powers and increase their Capital; and for other Purposes.

28. An act for constructing and maintaining a Pier at Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, to be called "The Great Yarmouth Britannia Pier."

29. An act to confirm the Incorporation of the Undertaking of the Dublin and Bray Railway Company with that of the Dublin and Wicklow Railway Company, to dissolve the former Company, and to extend the Railway in the City of Dublin.

30. An act for regulating the Markets and Fairs in Bridgwater; and for other Purposes.

31. An act for continuing the Term and amending and extending the Provisions of the Act relating to the Wilmslow and Lawton Turnpike Road in the County of Chester.

32. An act to enable the Fraserburgh Harbour Commissioners to purchase Lands and to borrow a further Sum of Money.

33. An act for amalgamating the Hartlepool Dock and Railway Company with the North-eastern Railway Company, and for vesting the Undertaking of the former Company in that of the latter; and for other Purposes.

34. An act to cancel certain forfeited Shares in the Forth and Clyde Junction Railway Company, and to enable the Company to create new and additional Shares; and for other Purposes.

35. An act for enabling the Glasgow Gaslight Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and for other Purposes.

36. An act for uniting the Offices of Minister and Chaplain of Saint Philip's Church in Liverpool.

37. An act for the Improvement of Landport and Southsea, and the Neighbourhoods, in the Parishes of Portsmouth and Portsea, in the County of Southampton.

38. An act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Cardigan to provide a Market House, and establish and regulate Markets and Fairs; and to regulate the Supply of Water within the Borough; and to pave, light, cleanse, regulate, and improve the Borough; and for other Purposes.

39. An act to repeal the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Bridge and Ferries across the River Wear in the Borough of Sunderland, and to grant further Powers for the Maintenance and Improvement of such Bridge and Ferries, and the Approaches and Landing Places connected therewith, or for the Erection of a new Bridge in lieu of the existing Bridge across such River.

40. An act for making a Railway commencing by a Junction with the Haggarleazes Branch of the Stockton and Darlington Railway near the Lands Colliery in the County of Durham, and terminating by a Junction with the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway at or near Tebay in the County of Westmoreland; and for making Arrangements with the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

41. An act for making a Railway from the Llantrissant Station of the South Wales Railway to Penrhiwfer in the Parish of Llantrissant in the County of Glamorgan, with Branches to Glanmychydd and Mynydd Gellyrhaidd, both in the said Parish of Llantrissant.

42. An act to enable the New River Company to raise a further Sum of Money, to construct other Sewers at Hertford, and to amend the Acts relating to the Company.

43. An act to authorize the West Hartlepool Harbour and Railway Company to convert Loans into Debenture Stock, to raise further Capital, to arrange with Holders of Shares or Stock for Conversion thereof into other Shares or Stock; and for other Purposes.

44. An act for the Mansfield and Worksop Turnpike Road in the County of Nottingham.

45. An act for better supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Borough of Portsmouth in the County of Southampton.

46. An act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to make a Branch from their Bishop Auckland Branch Railway to the Conside Ironworks, to acquire additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

47. An act for better supplying with Water the Town of Ipswich.

48. An act for making a Bridge over the River Wye, near to the Even Pitt Ferry, and Approaches thereto; for discontinuing and regulating Ferries near to the Bridge; and for other Purposes.

49. An act for making a Railway from the Deeside Railway at Banchory to Charleston of Aboyne.

50. An act to incorporate a Company for extending the Banff, Macduff, and Turriff Junction Railway from to and Macduff.

51. An act to extend the Time for making the Cork and Youghal Railway, and to vary the borrowing Powers of the Company.

52. An act to unite and amalgamate the Stockton New Gas Company and the Stockton Gas Consumers Company (Limited); and to authorize the united Company to raise additional Capital, and to sell their Undertaking to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Stockton; and for other Purposes.

53. An act for making a Railway from the Grange Station of the Great North of Scotland Railway to the Harbour of Banff, with a Branch to the Harbour of Portsoy.

54. An act for making Railways between the City of Bristol and the South Wales Railway in the County of Monmouth, with a Steam Ferry across the River Severn in connexion therewith, for the Purpose of improving the Railway Communication between South Wales and Bristol, Southampton, and the South-western Districts of England.

55. An act to repeal the Act relating to the Newcastle-under-Lyme and Leek Turnpike Roads, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

56. An act to repeal an act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads leading to, through, and from the Towns of Langport, Somerton, and Castle Cary, in the County of Somerset, and for making and improving other Roads in the said County, and granting more effectual Powers in lieu thereof, and for making and improving new Lines of Road.

57. An act for authorizing the Lowestoft Water, Gas, and Market Company to make additional Waterworks and raise additional Capital, and to lease their Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

58. An act for lighting with Gas the Borough of Shrewsbury and the Neighbourhood thereof in the County of Salop.

59. An act for incorporating the Burslem and Tunstall Gaslight Company and extending their Powers, and for authorizing additional Works, and the raising of further Moneys; and for other Purposes.

60. An act for making a Railway from Lewes to Uckfield, all in the County of Sussex.

61. An act to authorize the Newry, Warrenpoint, and Rostrevor Railway Company to extend their Railway at Newry and at Warrenpoint, and to enter into Arrangements with the Newry and Enniskillen Railway Company.

62. An act to dissolve the Mallow and Fermoy Railway Company, and to transfer all the Powers of that Company for making and maintaining the Mallow and Fermoy Railway to the Great Southern and Western Railway Company.

63. An act for lighting with Gas the Town of Bury, and other Townships and Places in the Parish of Bury, in the County of Lancaster.

64. An act to extend the Time for the Completion of the Cannock Mineral Railway.

65. An act to repeal the Acts relating to the Selby and Market Weighton Turnpike Road in the East Riding of the County of York; and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

66. An act for authorizing the West Somerset Mineral Railway Company to make the Minehead Extension and the Cleeve Branch; and for other Purposes.

67. An act to incorporate the Stratford-upon-Avon Gas Company.

68. An act for granting additional Powers to "The Australian Agricultural Company."

69. An act for enabling the Penarth Harbour, Dock, and Railway Company (heretofore called "The Ely Tidal Harbour and Railway Company") to construct Railways to and a Dock and other Works on or adjoining the South-west Bank of the River Ely, and for other Purposes.

70. An act for better supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint John the Baptist (including Margate) and Saint Peter the Apostle (including Broadstairs) in the County of Kent.

71. An act to amend and enlarge the Provisions of the Acts relating to the River Tyne, and to enable the Tyne Improvement Commissioners to construct Docks at Coble Dean, and certain Works for the Improvement of such River; and for other Purposes.

72. An act for making a Railway from the London and South-western Railway at Wimbledon to Epsom; and for other Purposes.

73. An act for regulating the Payment of Dividends on certain Classes of Preference Shares in the London Gaslight Company.

74. An act for the Improvement of the Town of Milford and the Neighbourhood thereof, for establishing Gasworks, Waterworks, and a Cemetery there; and for other Purposes.

75. An act for more effectually making, repairing, and maintaining the Highways, Roads, and Bridges within the County of Orkney, and for other Purposes.

76. An act to amend "The East Kent Railway (Extension to Dover) Act, 1855."

77. An act to enable the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company to make an Extension Line of Railway to Sligo, with Branches therefrom; and for other Purposes.

78. An act to enable the Monkland Railways Company to make and maintain certain Railways in the Counties of Lanark and Linlithgow; and for other Purposes.

79. An act to empower the Briton Ferry Floating Dock Company to raise Money; and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking.

80. An act for granting further Powers to "The City and Suburban Gas Company of Glasgow."

81. An act to enable the Scottish Central Railway Company to make and maintain certain Extensions of their Denny Branch.

82. An act to empower the Stamford and Essendine Railway Company to raise Money, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

83. An act for authorizing the Victoria (London) Dock Company to make a new Cut Eastward of their Dock, and to raise additional Capital, and for other Purposes.

84. An act for making Railways from Athlone to Roscommon and Castlereagh, to be called "The Great Northern and Western (of Ireland) Railway;" and for other Purposes.

85. An act to enable the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to make a Railway from Tullamore to Athlone; and for other Purposes.

86. An act for making a Railway from the Edinburgh, Perth, and Dundee Railway at Markinch Station to the Town of Leslie, with Branches to Auchmuty Mills, Leven Bank Mill, and Prinlaws Lower Mills, and other Purposes.

87. An act for making a Railway from Keith to Dufftown.

88. An act to repeal so much of the Act relating to the Road from Bawtry Bridge in the County of Nottingham to Hainton in the County of Lincoln, and other Roa4s, as relates to the Second District of Roads therein mentioned, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

89. An act to allow a Drawback on the Duties payable on Coals, Culm, Coke, and Cinders.

90. An act for incorporating the European and Indian Junction Telegraph Company, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

91. An act to enable the West of Fife Mineral Railway Company to construct a Branch Railway to Roscobie; and for certain other Purposes.

92. An act to continue or renew the Powers conferred on the Trustees on the River Clyde and Harbour of Glasgow to take Lands and execute Works for the Improvement of the Navigation; and for other Purposes.

93. An act to enable the British Fisheries Society to enlarge, improve, and maintain Pulteney Harbour in the County of Caithness; and for other Purposes.

94. An act for improving and maintaining the Harbour of Elie in the County of Fife.

95. An act for confirming the Title to Lands acquired for the Purposes of the Newquay Railway, Part of "the Treffry Estates," in the County of Cornwall, and for regulating the Railway; and for other Purposes.

96. An act to empower the Staines, Wokingham, and Woking Railway Company to make a Railway to connect the Reading, Guildford, and Reigate Railway with the Great Western Railway; and for other Purposes.

97. An act to repeal "The River Slaney Improvement Act, 1852," and to make better Provision for the Execution of the Objects of that Act; and for other Purposes connected with the River Slaney.

98. An act to empower the Stockport, Disley, and Whaley Bridge Railway Company to extend their Railway to Buxton, and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking.

99. An act for the Worksop and Attercliffe Turnpike Road in the County of Nottingham and the West Riding of the County of York.

100. An act for the Abandonment of the Westminster Terminus Railway Extension, Clapham to Norwood, and for other Purposes.

101. An act for making a Bridge across the River Backwater near Weymouth, and a Turnpike Road, and other Works in connexion therewith, in the County of Dorset; and for other Purposes.

102. An act to incorporate and regulate the Atlantic Telegraph Company, and to enable the Company to establish and work Telegraphs between Great Britain, Ireland, and Newfoundland; and for other Purposes.

103. An act for making a Railway from the Torquay Branch of the South Devon Railway to or near to Dartmouth, to be called "The Dartmouth and Torbay Railway;" and for other Purposes.

104. An act to enable the Dundalk and Enniskillen Railway Company to make certain Deviations and Alterations in their Line and Works; and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking.

105. An act to authorize the East Somerset Railway Company to extend their Railway from Shepton Mallett to Wells.

106. An act for making a Railway from the Llanidloes and Newtown Railway in the Parish of Llandinam in the County of Montgomery to the Town of Machynlleth in the same County.

107. An act for repairing the Roads from Prestwick to Bury and Radcliffe in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making and maintaining as Turnpike certain other Roads in connexion therewith, all in the same County; and for other Purposes.

108. An act for authorizing the Conversion of Parts of the Shropshire Canal to Purposes of a Railway, and the making and maintaining of a Railway accordingly, and for authorizing Arrangements between the London and North-western Railway Company and other Companies; and for other Purposes.

109. An act for improving the North Level Drainage, and for other Purposes relating to the Level.

110. An act for making a Railway from Broughton to Coniston in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for other Purposes.

111. An act for establishing and maintaining a Ferry and Floating Bridge across the River Waveney, near Burgh Saint Peter Staithe in the Parishes of Oulton in the County of Suffolk, and Burgh Saint Peter in the County of Norfolk, with proper Works and Approach Roads thereto.

112. An act for making a Railway from the Essendine Station of the Great Northern Railway to Bourn in the County of Lincoln; and for other Purposes.

113. An act to enable the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company to make a Railway from Streamstown to Clara; and for other Purposes.

114. An act to amend and enlarge some of the Provisions of "The Blyth and Tyne Railway Consolidation and Extensions Act, 1854;" to authorize the Relinquishment of a Branch Railway authorized by that Act, and the Construction of other Railways and Works in connexion with the Blyth and Tyne Railway.

115. An act to enable the Metropolitan Board of Works to open certain new Streets in the City and Liberties of Westminster and in the Borough of Southwark.

116. An act for the making and maintaining of the Stratford-upon-Avon Railway; and for other Purposes.

117. An act to make better Provision for the Burial of the Dead in the City of Manchester, and for enabling the Corporation to purchase certain Lands and effect certain Improvements in that City.

118. An act to amend Two several Acts passed respectively in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth and the Second Year of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled respectively An act to repeal the several Acts for the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Islington in the County of Middlesex; for lighting and and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; for amending the Road from Highgate through Maiden Lane, and several other Roads in the said Parish; and for providing a Chapel of Ease and an additional Burial Ground for the same; and to make more effectual Provisions lieu thereof; and An act to equalize the Ecclesiastical Burthens of the Parish of Saint Mary Islington in the County of Middlesex; for partially altering the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Stonefields Estate within the said Parish; for letting the Pews in the Parish Church of Saint Mary Islington and the Chapel of Ease thereto; and for other Purposes connected therewith; and to make other and more effectual Provisions in lieu thereof.

119. An act to enable the Newport, Abergavenny, and Hereford Railway Company to extend their Railway into the Aberdare and Bargoed Valleys in Glamorganshire, and for other Purposes connected with the Company.

120. An act to amend and enlarge the Powers of the Acts relating to the Portadown and Dungannon Railway Company, and to enable that Company to extend their Railway to the Town of Omagh in the County of Tyrone, and to enter into certain Arrangements with the Ulster and other Railway Companies with respect to the working and leasing of the Railway; and for other Purposes.

121. An act to enable the Salisbury and Yeovil Railway Company to make Deviations from the Line of their Railway, and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking.

122. An act to enable the Whitehaven and Furness Junction Railway Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

123. An act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to construct Branch Railways from their Line near Edinburgh to Granton and for other Purposes.

124. An act for making a Railway from the Dunfermline Branch of the Edinburgh, Perth, and Dundee Railway to Kinross, with a Branch to Kingseat; and for other Purposes.

125. An act to extend the Time for the Purchase of certain Lands required for the Metropolitan Railway; and for other Purposes.

126. An act to enable the South Staffordshire Waterworks Company to alter and extend their Works, and obtain an additional Supply of Water; and for other Purposes.

127. An act for incorporating the Victoria Gas Company, and for authorizing them to acquire and enlarge the North Woolwich Gasworks, and to supply Gas; and for other Purposes.

128. An act for making a Railway from near Hamilton to near Strathaven in the County of Lanark, to be called "The Hamilton and Strathaven Railway;" and for other Purposes.

129. An act to enable the Life and Kinross Railway Company to divert Part of their Main Line, and to make an Extension from Milnathort to Kinross.

130. An act to enable the Great Yarmouth Waterworks Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

131. An act for continuing the Term and amending and extending the Provisions of the Act relating to the Otley and Skipton Turnpike Road, and to create a further Term therein; and for other Purposes.

132. An act to give further Powers to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Salford with respect to Burial Purposes, and to authorize Arrangements with respect to Lands in and near Marlborough Square in Salford.

133. An act for making a Railway from the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway at Horsham, through Billingshurst, to Pulborough, with a Branch from Pulborough to Coultershaw Mill in the Parish of Petworth, all in the County of Sussex.

134. An act authorizing the North-western Railway Company to divert a Portion of their Railway, and to sell or grant a Lease of their Undertaking to the Midland and Lancaster and Carlisle Railway Companies.

135. An act to amend an act of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, "to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving Cattle within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Bills of Mortality," and also to amend "The Metropolitan Market Act, 1851."

136. An act for authorizing the London and South-western Railway Company and others to make Deviations from their authorized Lines of Railway and other Works; and for authorizing divers other Matters affecting that Company and other Companies and Undertakings; and for other Purposes.

137. An act for the Construction of Railways to supply direct Communication between Oldham, Ashton-under-Lyne, and Guide Bridge, and for the Accommodation of the Neighbourhood.

138. An act to make Provision with respect to Capital fraudulently created in the Great Northern and East Lincolnshire Railway Companies.

139. An act for authorizing an Extension of the Dorset Centred Railway; for regulating the Capital of the Dorset Central Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

140. An act for consolidating the Acts relating to the Rhymney Railway Company, and for authorizing the Company to make and maintain a Branch Railway, and for regulating the Capital of the Company; and for other Purposes.

141. An act for the Maintenance, Regulation, and Improvement of Watchet Harbour in the County of Somerset; and for other Purposes.

142. An act for the Transfer of the Docks of the Swansea Dock Company to the Swansea Harbour Trustees; and for authorizing those Trustees to make further Works, and raise further Moneys; and for other Purposes.

143. An act for authorizing Traffic Arrangements between the West End of London and Crystal Palace and the London, Brighton, and South Coast, the South-eastern, and London and South-western Railway Companies; for Sale of the West London and Crystal Palace Railway; for extending the Time for completing Railways; and for other Purposes.

144. An act for repairing the Road from Haslingden to Todmorden, and several Branches therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for other Purposes.

145. An act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Taunton to the Harbour of Watchet; and for other Purposes relating to the said Railway and Harbour.

146. An act to alter, amend, and consolidate the Acts relating to the Company of Proprietors of the Norfolk Estuary.

147. An act to provide for the Conservation of the River Thames, and for the Regulation, Management, and Improvement thereof.

148. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts for the more effectual Preservation and Increase of Salmon, and the Regulation of the Fisheries in the River Tweed.

149. An act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Castle Douglas in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright to Portpatrick in the County of Wigtown.

150. An act to enable the Metropolitan Board of Works to form a Park for the Northern Suburbs of the Metropolis, to be called Finsbury Park.

151. An act to enable the Sittingbourne and Sheerness Railway Company to alter the Line and Levels of Portions of their authorized Line and abandon Portions thereof; to construct new Branches and other Works; to authorize Working Arrangements with the East Kent Railway Company; to amend "The Sittingbourne and Sheerness Railway Act, 1856;" and for other Purposes.

152. An act for making a Railway from Herne Bay to Faversham, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

153. An act for enabling the Taff Vale Railway Company to construct new Lines of Railway, to alter, widen, and improve Portions of their existing Railway, and for other Purposes.

154. An act for the Transfer of the Interests of the Class A Shareholders of the Saint Andrew's and Quebec Railroad Company to "The New Brunswick and Canada Railway and Land Company (Limited)."

155. An act to enable the South-eastern Railway Company to make or complete a short Line of Railway at Tunbridge; and for other Purposes.

156. An act enabling the Newry and Enniskillen Railway Company to construct their Railway as far as the City of Armagh; for changing the Name of the Company; and for consolidating their Acts.

157. An act for abolishing certain Jurisdiction of the Sheriffs Courts of the City of London, and for amending the Process, Practice, and Mode of Pleading in the Mayor's Court, and for extending the Jurisdiction thereof.

158. An act to authorize the Wycombe Railway Company to extend their Railway to Princes Risborough and to Thame.

159. An act for incorporating the Eastern Bengal Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

160. An act for authorizing the Scinde Railway Company to extend their Operations, and for regulating the Capital of the Company; and for other Purposes.

161. An act for making a Railway from the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway in the Parish of Kendal in the County of Westmoreland to the North-western Railway at or near Ingleton in the West Riding of the County of York, with a Branch therefrom; and for other Purposes.

162. An act for consolidating the Docks at Liverpool and Birkenhead into One Estate, and for vesting the Control and Management of them in One Public Trust; and for other Purposes.

