Local Acts passed in 1858, 21 & 22 Victoria c.1 - c.150.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1858.
---

1. An act to empower the Birmingham and Staffordshire Gaslight Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

2. An act to amend the Act, Fifty-sixth King George the Third, Chapter Forty-four, for improving the Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven in the County of Cumberland, in relation to the Securities to be granted for borrowed Money.

3. An act for conferring additional Powers and Privileges on the Edinburgh Life Assurance Company.

4. An act to empower the Cheltenham Waterworks Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

5. An act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of Gosport, Forton, and Anglesey, and other Places in the Parish of Alverstone in the County of Hants.

6. An act to incorporate the Chester United Gas Company, and to confer upon them further Powers for the Supply of Gas to the City and Borough of Chester and the Suburbs thereof.

7. An act to extend the Time for the Construction of the Haslingden and Rawtenstall Waterworks.

8. An act for incorporating “The Madras Irrigation and Canal Company,” and for other Purposes connected therewith.

9. An act to enable the Nottingham Gaslight and Coke Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to afford a Supply of Gas to Places in the Neighbourhood of Nottingham; and for other Purposes.

10. An act to enable the Folkestone Waterworks Company to raise further Moneys; and to confer upon them other Powers.

11. An act to empower the Liskeard and Looe Union Canal Company to construct a Railway from Moors Water to Looe, all in the County of Cornwall; and for other Purposes.

12. An act to confer upon the Local Board of Health for the District of Merthyr Tydfil further Powers with reference to the Supply of Water; and for other Purposes.

13. An act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to Dalmamoch in the County of Lanark; and for other Purposes.

14. An act to authorize the making of a Railway from the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway at or near Clifton to the South Durham and Lancashire Union Railway at or near Kirkby Stephen, all in the County of Westmoreland; and for other Purposes.

15. An act for making a Railway from the Caledonian Railway, near Symington Station, to Biggar and Broughton; and for other Purposes.

16. An act to enable the Dundalk and Enniskillen Railway Company to raise further Money; and for other Purposes.

17. An act for better enabling the British Gaslight Company, Limited, to light with Gas certain Parts of the Town or Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull; and for other Purposes

18. An act for better supplying with Water the Town and Parish of Aberdare in the County of Glamorgan.

19. An act for making a Railway from the Craven Arms Station of the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway in the County of Salop to the Borough of Knighton in the County of Radnor; and for other Purposes.

20. An act for better supplying with Water the Borough of Barnstaple and Places adjacent thereto, in the County of Devon; and for other Purposes.

21. An act for providing a Market House and Market Place and other Buildings for Public Accommodation at the Town of Newport in the County of Salop, and for establishing and regulating Markets and Fairs there; and for opening a new Street and widening other Streets, and otherwise improving the Town; and for other Purposes.

22. An act for supplying and lighting with Gas the several Townships of Peniston, Thurlstone, and Oxspring, and Places adjacent, all in the Parish of Peniston in the West Riding of the County of York.

23. An act to repeal the Act relating to the Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Exchange, and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof.

24. An act for enabling the Justices of the County of Lancaster to erect or provide Assize Courts in or near Manchester in the Hundred of Salford; and for other Purposes.

25. An act for enabling the Corporation of the City of Manchester to raise further Sums of Money; and for other Purposes.

26. An act to regulate the Annual Close Time for Salmon Fisheries in the River Tay and its Tributaries and on the Sea Coasts adjoining.

27. An act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigations to raise further Money; and for other Purposes.

28. An act to provide for the better Maintenance of the Garngad Road in the County of Lanark.

29. An act to enable the Selkirk and Galashiels Railway Company to raise additional Capital.

30. An act to authorize the Ely Valley Railway Company to make a Branch Railway, to be called "The Mwyndy Branch;" and for other Purposes.

31. An act for granting further Powers to the Malvern Improvement Commissioners.

32. An act for repealing so much of several Acts for building Vauxhall Bridge, and for making convenient Roads thereto, as relate to certain of such Roads; providing for the future Maintenance and Repair of such Roads; and for other Purposes.

33. An act for better enabling the British Gaslight Company, Limited, to light with Gas certain Parts of the District called the Staffordshire Potteries; and for other Purposes.

34. An act for more effectually maintaining the Navigation of the River Trent from Wilden Ferry in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or One of them, to Gainsborough in the County of Lincoln, and other Works connected therewith.

35. An act to enable the London Dock Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to augment their Capital Stock; and for other Purposes connected with their Docks.

36. An act for lighting with Gas the Parish of Maidstone and the Neighbourhood thereof in the County of Kent.

37. An act for the more effectual Management and Repair of the Road from Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through Hyde, to Mottram~in~Longdendale in the County Palatine of Chester.

38. An act to authorize the Metropolitan Board of Works to form an improved Communication between Limehouse and the Victoria Park in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes.

39. An act for extending, improving, and maintaining the Port and Harbour of Burghead in the County of Elgin,

40. An act for incorporating the Stoke, Fenton, and Longton Gaslight Company, and extending their Powers; and for other Purposes.

41. An act for the Regulation of certain Public Sufferance Wharves in the Port of London.

42. An act to repeal the Acts relating to the Besselsleigh Turnpike Road in the County of Berks, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

43. An act for making a Railway from the Meigle Station of the Scottish North-eastern Railway to the Town of Alyth, to be called “The Alyth Railway;” and for other Purposes in relation thereto.

44. An act for increasing and regulating the Capital and Borrowing Powers of the Brentford Gaslight Company; for consolidating into One Act the Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Company; and for other Purposes.

45. An act for vesting the Inverury and Old Meldrum Junction Railway by way of Lease in the Great North of Scotland Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

46. An act for making a Railway from Banbridge to Lisburn, to be called "The Banbridge, Lisburn, and Belfast Railway;" and for other Purposes.

47. An act to enable the East Suffolk Railway Company to construct a Branch Railway near Lowestoft; to raise further Sums of Money; and for other Purposes.

48. An act to confer upon the Waterford and Kilkenny Railway Company Facilities for raising Money.

49. An act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Horsham in the County of Sussex, through Dorking and Leatherhead, to Epsom in the County of Surrey, and from Capel to Stone Street at Ockley in the said County of Surrey,

50. An act for extending the Time for the Completion of the Works authorized by "The Stokes Bay Railway and Pier Act, 1855;" and for other Purposes.

51. An act to amend the Acts relating to “The East Kent Railway (Extension to Dover)."

52. An act for better supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Town of Taunton in the County of Somerset.

53. An act to enable the Ballymena, Ballymoney, Coleraine, and Portrush Junction Railway Company to sell their Undertaking to the Belfast and Ballymena Railway Company.

54. An act to amend “The Tramore Embankment Act, 1852.”

55. An act for incorporating the City of Waterford Gas Company, and for authorizing them to acquire the existing Gasworks at Waterford, and to supply Gas; and for other Purposes.

56. An act for authorizing the Abandonment of Part of the authorized Line of the Exeter and Exmouth Railway, and the making, instead of the Part so abandoned, of an Extension of the Main Line of the Railway; and for reducing and regulating the Capital and Borrowing Powers of the Exeter and Exmouth Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

57. An act to confer upon the London Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company further Powers for raising Money, and to authorize the Purchase and Lease by them of the Undertakings of certain other Railway Companies.

58. An act to authorize a Lease of the Staines, Wokingham, and Woking Railway to the London and South-western Railway Company, and for other Purposes connected with the Staines, Wokingham, and Woking Railway Company.

59. An act for enabling the Eastern Steam Navigation Company to extend their Powers of trading, to increase their Capital, and to alter and amend their Charter and Deed of Settlement.

60. An act to enable the Globe Insurance Company to alter and amend some of the Provisions of their Deed of Settlement; and to confer further Powers on the Company.

61. An act to authorize the Cromford and High Peak Railway Company to raise further Sums of Money; and for other Purposes.

62. An act providing for the separate Incorporation of the Overseers of the several Townships of Manchester, Ardwick, Chorlton-upon-Medlock, and Hulme for specific Purposes; for the levying and Collection of Rates; for the extinguishing the Exemption of Gasworks from Rates.

63. An act for enabling the Local Board of Health for the District of Wallasey to construct Works and supply their District with Water and Gas; for enlarging their Powers with respect to the Acquisition and Maintenance of Ferries; and for other Purposes.

64. An act to vest the Stirling and Dunfermline Railway in the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

65. An act for the Formation of a Junction between the Fife and Kinross and Kinross-shire Railways, and the Construction of a joint Station at Kinross.

66. An act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to the Port Carlisle Railway; and for other Purposes.

67. An act to extend the Time for the Completion of the Salisbury and Yeovil Railway, and to authorize the Sale thereof to the London and South-western Railway Company.

68. An act to repeal “The Blyth Harbour and Dock Act, 1854,” and to regulate the Company constituted thereby; and for other Purposes.

69. An act for the Improvement of the Parish of Chiswick in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes.

70. An act to incorporate the Luton Gas and Coke Company, to authorize the Adjustment and Increase of the present Capital, and for other Purposes.

71. An act to repeal An act for amending and maintaining the Turnpike Road from the Northern End of the Village of Balby in the County of York to Worksop in the County of Nottingham, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof so far as regards a Portion of the said Turnpike Road.

72. An act to alter and amend the Acts for the Improvement of the Navigation of the Rivers Burry, Loughor, and Lliedi, in the Counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan, and to improve the Harbour of Llanelly in the said County of Carmarthen.

73. An act for enabling the Ayr and Dalmellington Railway Company to raise additional Capital; for vesting their Undertaking in the Glasgow and South-western Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

74. An act for the Amalgamation of the Hertford and Welwyn Junction Railway Company and the Luton, Dunstable, and Welwyn Junction Railway Company into One Company to be called “The Hertford, Luton, and Dunstable Railway Company," and for regulating the Capital of the Company formed by the Amalgamation; and for other Purposes.

75. An act for enabling the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company to make a Railway from near their Newton and Hyde Station to the Township of Marple in the Parish of Stockport in the County of Chester, to be called the Newton and Compstall Branch; and for other Purposes.

76. An act for extending the Limits of the Bradford Waterworks, and for authorizing the Construction of new and altered Works; and for empowering the Corporation of Bradford to borrow a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

77. An act for enabling the Wexford Harbour Embankment Company to alter the Number of their Shares, and to issue Preference Shares in lieu of unissued Shares; and for other Purposes.

78. An act to extend the Time for purchasing certain Lands required by the Belfast and County Down Railway Company, and for other Purposes connected with the same Company.

79. An act for better enabling the British Gaslight Company, Limited, to light with Gas the City of Norwich and Suburbs thereof; to dissolve the Norwich Gaslight Company, and to repeal the Acts relating thereto.

80. An act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Liverpool to acquire Lands for a Post Office and Public Offices, and to make a new and widen existing Streets within the Borough; and for other Purposes.

81. An act for making and maintaining a Bridge over the River Yar in the Isle of Wight, with Approaches and Roads thereto; and for other Purposes.

82. An act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Andover to Redbridge in the County of Southampton, and for that Purpose to convert the Andover Canal into a Railway.

83. An act to incorporate and regulate “The Oude Railway Company to enable the Company to construct and maintain Railways in the East Indies, and to enter into Contracts with the East India Company; and for other Purposes.

84. An act to enable the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to complete the Communication by Railway between Shoreham, Henfield, and the Mid-Sussex Railway; and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking.

85. An act to amend the Birkenhead Improvement Amendment Act, 1850, especially with respect to the General Mortgage Debt of the Commissioners and their Powers to sell certain Lands; and for other Purposes.

86. An act to repeal the Act relating to the Dean Forest Turnpike Roads, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof, and to authorize the Construction of a new Road; and for other Purposes.

87. An act for amending the Acts relating to the Manchester Corporation Waterworks.

88. An act to extend the Time for the Completion of so much of the Cornwall Railway as lies between Truro and Falmouth; and for other Purposes.

89. An act for authorizing the London and South-western Railway Company to make new Works, and to make Arrangements with other Companies, and for authorizing a Lease to them of the Salisbury and Yeovil Railway, and for regulating their Capital and borrowing Powers; and for other Purposes.

90. An act to enable the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to construct certain Works at Birkenhead in substitution for and in addition to those already authorized, and for other Purposes.

91. An act for confirming the Gift by Francis Crossley Esquire to the Borough of Halifax of a Park for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of the Borough, and for authorizing the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough to maintain and regulate the Park, and to provide, maintain, and regulate Public Baths in the Park, and for making a Cemetery, and for making further Provision with respect to the Waterworks and the Gasworks, and the Improvement of the Borough; and for other Purposes.

92. An act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Liverpool and Birkenhead Docks and the Port and Harbour of Liverpool, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

93. An act to afford Facilities to the Limerick and Foynes Railway Company for raising the Funds necessary to enable them to execute their Undertaking.

94. An act to enable the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company to make an Alteration in the Line of their Streamstown and Clara Junction Railway; and for other Purposes.

95. An act for making a Tramroad from the Aberllefenny Slate Quarries in the Parish of Talyllyn in the County of Merioneth to the Biver Dovey in the Parish of Llanfihangel-Geneu'r-Glyn in the County of Cardigan, with Branches therefrom; and for other Purposes.

96. An act to enable the Great Northern and Western (of Ireland) Railway Company to make Deviations in their authorized Railways, and to empower the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company to acquire Shares in the Undertaking of the Great Northern and Western (of Ireland) Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

97. An act for making a Railway from the Hertford and Ware Branch of the Eastern Counties Railway to Buntingford

98. An act for authorizing the raising by the Ulverstone and Lancaster Railway Company of further Money, and the selling or leasing of their Railway to the Furness Railway Company; or the making by the Two Companies of Working Arrangements; and for giving further Powers to the Two Companies respectively; and for other Purposes.

99. An act for enabling the Eastern Counties Railway Company to abandon a Portion of the Newmarket and Chesterford Railway, and also a Railway to the River Thames at Galleon’s Reach.

100. An act to enable the Bury and Radcliffe Waterworks Company to raise further Sums of Money; and to amend the Act relating to the Company.

101. An act for enabling the Portsmouth Railway Company to extend their Railway from Havant to Hilsea; to acquire additional Lands; to use a Portion of the London and South-western and London, Brighton, and South Coast Railways; and for other Purposes.

102. An act to authorize the South Devon and Tavistock Railway Company to lease their Railway, to enable them to raise further Capital for the Completion of their Undertaking, and to make Arrangements as to their Share and borrowed Capital; and for other Purposes.

103. An act for lighting with Gas the Town of Northampton and the Neighbourhood thereof in the County of Northampton.

104. An act for enabling the Battersea Park Commissioners to sell and the West End of London and Crystal Palace Railway Company to purchase Pieces of Land situate near the South End of the new Bridge leading from Chelsea to Battersea Parky for Lease of Undertaking to the London, Brighton, and South Cocut Railway Company, for extending the Time for completing Extension to Farnborough; and for other Purposes.

105. An act for constructing a Market, Market Places, and Slaughter-houses, with all necessary Conveniences, within the Hamlet of Canton in the County of Glamorgan, to be called "The Llandaff and Canton District Markets.”

106. An act for vesting the Undertaking of the Blackburn Railway Company in the Lancashire and Yorkshire and East Lancashire Railway Companies; and for other Purposes.

107. An act for enabling the East Kent Railway Company to extend their Railway from Strood to join the Mid Kent Railway (Bromley to Saint Mary's Cray); and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking.

108. An act for making a Railway from the Great North of Scotland Railway to Old Deer, and thence to Peterhead and Fraserburgh, with a Branch to Ellon, all in the County of Aberdeen, to be called “The Formartine and Buchan Railway.”

109. An act for consolidating and amending the Acts of the North British Railway Company, and for authorizing Alterations in the Leith and Fisherrow or Musselburgh Branches thereof, and for other Purposes.

110. An act for extending the Powers of the Shrewsbury and Welchpool Railway Company for purchasing Lands and completing their Railway; and for other Purposes,

111. An act for the Amalgamation of the Undertakings of the East Suffolk Railway Company, the Yarmouth and Haddiscoe Railway Company, and the Lowestoft and Beetles Railway Company; for leasing the same; and for other Purposes.

112. An act for making a Railway from Athenry to Tuam in the County of Galway, and for other Purposes,

113. An act to authorize the Great Northern and the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Companies to work in common, and for certain other Purposes relating to the Great Northern Railway,

114. An act for making a Railway from or near Guisbrough to or near to Skinningrove, all in Cleveland in the North Riding of the County of York; and for other Purposes.

115. An act for enabling the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company to make a new Railway in the County of Durham in connexion with the Wear Valley and Stockton and Darlington Railways; to acquire additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

116. An act for the Amalgamation of the Stockton and Darlington, the Wear Valley, the Middlesbrough and Redcar, the Middlesbrough and Guisbrough, and the Darlington and Barnard Castle Railway Companies; and for regulating the Capital and Borrowing Powers of the Stockton and Darlington railway Company formed by the Amalgamation; and for other Purposes.

117. An act for enabling the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company to make new Railways in the North Riding of the County of York; and for other Purposes.

118. An act to authorize the Construction of a Station near Victoria Street, Pimlico, in the County of Middlesex, and of a Railway to connect the same with the West London and Crystal Palace Railway at Battersea in the County of Surrey, in order to afford improved Communication between certain of the Railways South of the Thames and the Western Districts of the Metropolis; and for other Purposes,

119. An act for making a Railway Communication between Dublin and Meath.

120. An act for the Improvement of the Western Parts of the Parish of Hove in the County of Sussex, and for establishing more efficient Police Regulations within the whole of the said Parish.

121. An act to make Provision for better supplying Birkenhead and Claughton with Gas and Water, and for transferring the Undertaking of the Birkenhead and Claughton Gas and Water Company to the Birkenhead Improvement Commissioners; and for other Purposes.

122. An act for making a Railway from the Tillicoultry Station of the Stirling and Dunfermline Railway to the Fife and Kinross Railway at Hopefield, to be called “The Devon Valley Railway,” and for other Purposes in relation thereto.

123. An act to confer further Powers upon the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway Company with respect to the Completion, Alteration, or Abandonment of certain of their Branch Railways, and to authorise certain Arrangements with respect to their Share Capital and the Purchase of the Stratford-upon-Avon Canal; and to amend the Acts relating to the Company; and for other Purposes,

124. An act to authorize the making of a Turnpike Road from Thames Street in the Parish of Clewer in the Borough of New Windsor in the County of Berks to Oxford Road in the said Parish; and for other Purposes.

125. An act for carrying into effect an Agreement between the Ribble Navigation Company and Sir Thomas George Hesketh Baronet.

126. An act to enable the Newport, Abergavenny, and Hereford Railway Company to divert their Railway in the Parish of Aberdare in Glamorganshire; and to confer upon them other Powers.

127. An act to enable the Whitehaven Junction Railway Company to construct new Branches, to widen their Line, to erect Shipping Places and other Works, to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

128. An act to empower the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway Company to abandon a Part of the Lancaster and Carlisle and Ingleton Railway, and to alter and divert certain Roads in connexion with their Railway; to acquire additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

129. An act to incorporate the Crystal Palace District Gas Company; to enable the said Company to raise further Money; to authorize the Company to contract for and purchase the Undertaking, Land, and Premises of the Sydenham Gas and Coke Company; and for other Purposes connected therewith.

130. An act to authorize Arrangements between the Chester and Holyhead Railway Company and London and North-western Railway Company, and to authorize the Chester and Holyhead Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

131. An act for enabling the London and North-western Railway Company to construct Works and to acquire additional Lands in the Counties of Salop, Middlesex, Hertford, Buckingham, Warwick, Chester, Stafford, Northampton, Leicester, and Lancaster; for authorizing Arrangements in reference to "The Improved Postal and Passenger Communication between England and Ireland Act, 1855;” and for other Purposes.

132. An act for the Establishment of a Board of Guardians of the Poor in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes with respect to the Parish.

133. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Stockton, Middlesbrough, and Yarm Water Company; to change the Name of the Company, and authorize the Construction of additional Works, and the raising of further Monies; and for other Purposes.

134. An act to enable the North Yorkshire and Cleveland Railway Company to construct a new Branch from their Railway; to make a Deviation in the Main Line and other Works; to alter and amend the Acts relating to the Company; and for other Purposes.

135. An act for making further Provision with respect to the Severn Valley Railway, in order to the Completion thereof; and for other Purposes.

136. An act to improve the Management of the Manchester South Junction and Altrincham Railway.

137. An act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Redditch to the Midland Railway.

138. An act to incorporate and regulate the Great Southern of India Railway Company, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

139. An act for extending the Powers of the Plymouth Great Western Dock Company, and for other Purposes.

111. An act to alter and improve the Boundaries of the Municipal Borough and District of Middlesbrough; to enable the Local Board of Health of the District to enlarge the Market Place; to enable the Corporation to construct Landing Places on the North Side of the River Tees, and to establish a public Passage up and over the said River; to transfer the Powers of the Burial Board to the Local Board; and to confer other Powers on the Local Board and the Corporation; and for other Purposes.

141. An act to confer additional Powers on the Tees Conservancy Commissioners; to regulate the Fisheries in the River Tees; to vest the Anchorage and Plankage Dues in the said Commissioners; to alter and amend their existing Acts; and for other Purposes.

142. An act to extend the Time for making the Worcester and Hereford Railway, and for granting further Powers with respect to that Undertaking.

143. An act to make further Provisions for vesting the Sheffield, Rotherham, Barnsley, Wakefield, Huddersfield, and Goole Railway in the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

144. An act for enabling the Limerick and Castle Connell Railway Company to extend their Railway from Castle Connell to Killaloe; to issue Preference Shares; and for other Purposes.

145. An act for the Abandonment of the West End of London and Clapham and Norwood Junction Railway, and for other Purposes.

146. An act to enable the South Wales Railway Company to acquire additional Lands at Newport; and for other Purposes.

147. An act for authorizing a Lease of the Vale of Towy Railway to the Llanelly Railway and Dock Company.

148. An act for enabling the Atlantic Telegraph Company to create and issue Preference Capital, for the Extension of Borrowing Powers, and Amendment of Act.

149. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the River Clyde and Harbour of Glasgow.

150. An act for limiting, defining, and regulating the Capital and Debt of the Warrington and Stockport Railway Company; for amending the Acts relating to the Company, and conferring on them further Powers; and for other Purposes relating to the Company.

