Local Acts passed in 1859, 22 Victoria c.1 - c.35.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1859.
---

1. An act for more effectually supplying with Water the Town of Shepton Mallet and the Neighbourhood thereof in the County of Somerset.

2. An act to enable the Swansea Vale Railway Company to raise further Money; and for other Purposes.

3. An act for providing a Joint Station at Epsom for the Use of the Wimbledon and Dorking and Epsom and Leatherhead Railway Companies; and for other Purposes.

4. An act for enlarging, improving, and maintaining the Harbour of the Burgh of Kirkwall in the County of Orkney; and for other Purposes.

5. An act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of "The Weymouth and Melcombe Regis Markets and Pier Act, 1854."

6. An act to enable the Sunderland and South Shields Water Company to extend their Works, and obtain a further Supply of Water, and to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

7. An act to repeal the existing Act relating to the Bridge over the River Foyle at Londonderry, to authorize the Removal of the existing Bridge, and the Construction of a new Bridge, with Approaches thereto, and other Works; and for other Purposes.

8. An act for making a Railway from the Inverness and Aberdeen Junction Railway at or near Kinloss to Findhorn.

9. An act to authorize the Commissioners of the Glasgow Corporation Waterworks to raise a further Sum of Money; and to amend "The Glasgow Corporation Waterworks Act, 1855."

10. An act for reviving the Powers and extending the Time for the Completion of the Railway and Works authorized by "The Tralee and Killamey Railway Act, 1853."

11. An act to grant further Powers to "The Banff, Macduff, and Turriff Junction Railway Company," and to change the Name of the Company.

12. An act to enable the Formartine and Buchan Railway Company to divert their Railway near Ellon, and to abandon the Branch to Ellon.

13. An act for authorizing a Lease of the Great Western and Brentford Railway, and the Docks and Works connected therewith, to the Great Western Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

14. An act for transferring the Government of the new Limits of the Harbour of Whitehaven in the County of Cumberland to the Harbour Trustees; for making better Provision for the Election of Trustees; and for the Alteration of certain Rates and Duties payable in respect of the said Harbour and in the Town of Whitehaven.

15. An act for regulating the Capital and Borrowing Powers of the City of Norwich Waterworks Company, and for making better Provision against the Waste of Water supplied by them; and for other Purposes.

16. An act for making Docks and other Works in Falmouth Harbour in the County of Cornwall; and for other Purposes.

17. An act to enable the Magistrates and Council of the City of Glasgow to lay out, maintain, and improve the Keloingrove and Queen's Parks and the Galleries of Art and Corporation Halls in the said City; and for other Purposes.

18. An act for better supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Towns of Kingstown, Monkstown, Dalkey, Bullock, Glasthule, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Dublin.

19. An act to authorize the Abandonment of the Foss Navigation from a Point about Two hundred Yards above the York Union Workhouse near the City of York; to alter, repeal, and amend the Acts relating to the said Navigation; and for other Purposes.

20. An act to authorize the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to raise a further Sum of Money for Works at Liverpool.

21. An act for better supplying with Water the Town of Poole and Places adjacent thereto; and for other Purposes.

22. An act to dissolve the Accidental Death Insurance Company, and to transfer the Business of that Company to the Travellers and Marine Insurance Company, to be hereafter called "The Accidental Death Insurance Company;" and for other Purposes.

23. An act for making a Railway from the Cork and Bandon Railway to the Town of Kinsale in the County of Cork, with a Branch Railway or Tramway to Kinsale Harbour; and for other Purposes.

24. An act for building and maintaining a Pier in the Harbour of Fishguard in the County of Pembroke, and making and constructing a Road and Quay in extension of the present Quay in the Town of Fishguard, and deepening and otherwise improving the said Harbour.

25. An act for changing the Name of "The People's Provident Assurance Society" to the Name "The European Assurance Society;" and for authorizing the taking of the Guarantee of the Society instead of other Security required from Persons in Public Offices and Employments; and for other Purposes.

26. An act to enable the Scarborough Gas Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

27. An act for making further Provisions with respect to the Standard Life Assurance Company.

28. An act to enable the East Suffolk Railway Company to extend their Railway to Aldborough in the County of Suffolk; and for other Purposes.

29. An act to extend the Time for the Completion of certain Works of the Victoria (London) Dock Company; and for other Purposes.

30. An act to grant further Powers to the Commercial Dock Company.

31. An act to enable the Ballymena, Ballymoney, Coleraine, and Portrush Junction Railway Company to make a Junction Railway at Coleraine.

32. An act for making further Provision for the better Supply of Water to the Borough of King's Lynn and adjacent Districts; for regulating the Markets and Fairs of the Borough; for the Improvement and Regulation of the Borough; and for other Purposes.

33. An act for constructing Market Houses and other Buildings, and making Market Places, and for better regulating and maintaining the Markets and Fairs, in or near the Town of Tavistock; and for opening a new Street and otherwise improving the said Town; and for other Purposes.

34. An act to grant further Powers to the Leominster and Kington Railway Company.

35. An act to facilitate the Communication between the Great Northern Railway and the North London Railway; to improve the Station of the Great Northern Railway at King's Cross; and to enable the Great Northern Railway Company to make Arrangements with regard to certain Parts of their Capital and that of the East Lincolnshire Railway Company.

