Local Acts passed in 1859, 22 & 23 Victoria c.1 - c.139.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1859.
---

1. Act for authorizing the Construction of a Railway for carrying the West London Railway over the Great Western Railway by means of a Bridge, in substitution for the present level Crossing; and for other Purposes.

2. An act for enabling the London and North-western Railway Company to make a Railway from their existing Line at Edge Hill in the County of Lancaster to the Saint Helens Railway near Garston in the same County, and for other Purposes.

3. An act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to make Branch Railways to the Wilsontown Mineral Field, and for other Purposes.

4. An act to incorporate the Red Sea and India Telegraph Company, and for enabling the Company to establish and work Telegraphs between Great Britain and India and other Countries, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

5. An act to provide for the Partition of the London Road Station at Manchester, and for the better Management of certain Portions of the said Station, and for improving the Access thereto.

6. An act for making Railways from Pembroke Dock to Tenby, and from Pembroke Dock to the Pier at Hobbs Point, in the County of Pembroke.

7. An act to amend the Provisions of the Tyne Improvement Acts, to authorize an Alteration of the Piers at the Mouth of the River, and for other Purposes.

8. An act to alter and consolidate the Acts relating to the Great North of Scotland Railway Company; to regulate and define the Company’s Capital; and for other Purposes.

9. An act to enable the Kingston-upon-Thames Gas Company to raise further Moneys by Shares and borrowing.

10. An act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to make a Branch from their Leeds and Thirsk Railway to Pateley Bridge; to acquire additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

11. An act for the Reading and Hatfield Turnpike Roads in the Counties of Berks, Bucks, Oxford, and Hertford.

12. An act for the Completion of the Gateshead Quay in the Borough of Gateshead, and for authorizing Arrangements with the North-eastern Railway Company with respect to the User of Parts thereof; and for other Purposes.

13. An act to extend the Time for making the Hampstead Junction Railway, to authorize certain Deviations in the Line thereof, and for other Purposes.

14. An act to amalgamate the Selkirk and Galashiels Railway Company with the North British Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

15. An act for authorizing the Lymington Railway Company to acquire the Ferry across the Lymington River, and to raise further Capital; and for other Purposes.

16. An act for making a Railway from the Station of the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway in the County of Hereford to a Point near Tenbury in the County of Worcester, and for other Purposes.

17. An act to enable the Worcester and Hereford Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to the Severn at Worcester, and to enlarge their Station at Hereford; and for other Purposes.

18. An act for enabling the Dundee and Perth and Aberdeen Railway Junction Company to improve the Dundee and Newtyle Railway; and for other Purposes.

19. An act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Salford to raise a further Sum of Money for improving their Gasworks; and for other Purposes.

20. An act to authorize the Construction of Docks and other Works on the South Shore of the River Thames, to be called “The Greenwich and South-eastern Docks."

21. An act for conferring on Price's Patent Candle Company, Limited, further Powers for the raising of Money; and for other Purposes.

22. An act for authorizing divers Arrangements between the Vale of Neath Railway Company and other Companies having Railways or other Works near to the Vale of Neath Railway, and for regulating the Capital and Borrowing Powers of the Company, and for other Purposes.

23. An act to alter and amend the Acts relating to the Atlantic Telegraph Company; and to enable the Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

24. An act to authorize the North British Railway Company to make a Railway from their Hawick Line to the Port Carlisle Railway near Carlisle, with divers Branches therefrom; and for other Purposes.

25. An act to repeal an act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, Chapter 110., intituled An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Carlisle to Penrith and from Penrith to Eamont Bridge in the County of Cumberland; and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

26. An act for making a Railway from Much Wenlock in the County of Salop to communicate with the Severn Valley Railway and the River Severn in the same County.

27. An act for making a new Street from near Foundry Bridge to King Street in the City and County of the City of Norwich.

28. An act to repeal the Acts relating to the Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool Exchange, and to incorporate the Liverpool Exchange Company, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

29. An act to authorize the raising of a further Sum of Money for the Completion of the Castle Douglas and Dumfries Railway, and to sanction a Deviation from the authorized Line of that Railway.

30. An act to authorize the Construction of a Tramway from the Llanidloes and Newtown Railway near Newtown to the Shropshire Union Canal; and to enable the Llanidloes and Newtown Railway Company to lease their Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

31. An act for authorizing an Amalgamation or Lease of the Portsmouth Railway with or to the London and South-western Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

32. An act to extend the Time for the Sale of such Lands belonging to the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation as may not be required for the Purposes of the said Navigation.

33. An act for authorizing the Hertford, Luton, and Dunstable Railway Company to raise further Capital for the Purposes of the Hertford Section of their Railway; and for extending the Period for the Completion of the Luton Section of their Railway; and for other Purposes.

34. An act to enable the Maybole and Girvan Railway Company to raise additional Capital; to authorize a Deviation of their Line; and for other Purposes.

35. An act for the Transfer of the Caterham Railway to the South-eastern Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

36. An act to revive and extend the Powers of the Bagenalstown and Wexford Railway Company for the Purchase of Lands, and to extend their Powers for completing their Undertaking, and to enable them to make a Deviation in the Line of their Railway, and to increase the Powers of the said Company for borrowing on Mortgage; and to enable the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to subscribe towards the said Undertaking; and to enable the said Companies to make Working and Traffic Arrangements; and for other Purposes.

37. An act to enable the Dublin and Drogheda Railway Company to create Debenture Stock, and to issue new Shares for redeeming existing Preference Shares subject to Redemption, and to enlarge their Station at Dublin; and for other Purposes.

38. An act to enable the Newry and Armagh Railway Company to make Alterations in their authorized Line of Railway, and to construct a short Branch at Newry.

39. An act to incorporate “The Norwich Corn Exchange Company, Limited,” and to define and regulate their Undertaking.

40. An act to authorize the Abandonment of the Gloucester and Cheltenham Tramroads, and to enable the Midland and the Great Western Railway Companies to sell and dispose of the same; and for other Purposes.

41. An act to enable the Ulster Railway Company to extend their Railway from Monaghan to Clones, and to enlarge their Stations at Belfast and Portadown, and to make Arrangements with the Dundalk and Enniskillen Railway Company, and to create Debenture Stock; and for other Purposes.

42. An act for authorizing the Bury Saint Edmunds Gas Company to raise further Capital; and for regulating their Capital; and for other Purposes.

43. An act for authorizing the Border Counties Railway Company to make and maintain the Liddesdale Section of their Railway, and Deviations from the Line of the North Tyne Section of their Railway, and to raise further Capital; and for other Purposes.

44. An act for authorizing the London and South-western Railway Company to make new Works, and to raise further Funds; and for other Purposes.

45. An act for making a Railway to Sevenoaks, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

46. An act for connecting the Town of Witney with the existing Railways in the Parishes of Yarnton and Wolvercot in the County of Oxford,and for other Purposes.

47. An act to extend the Period limited by “The Swansea Harbour Act, 1854,” for the Construction and Completion of the Works thereby authorized.

48. An act to enable the Great Northern and Western (of Ireland) Railway Company to extend their Railway to Castlebar; and for other Purposes.

49. An act for incorporating the National Fire and Life Insurance Company of Scotland by the Name of “The Scottish National Insurance Company;” for enabling the Company to sue and be sued, and to take and hold Property; and for other Purposes relating to the Company.

50. An act to confer further Powers on the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway Company for the Completion of their Railway.

51. An act to enable the Dundalk and Enniskillen Railway Company to make new Lines of Railway to Cavan and Belturbet; and for other Purposes.

52. An act to regulate the Capital and Undertaking of “The City of London Gaslight and Coke Company,” and to reincorporate that Company.

53. An act to enable the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company to construct a Branch Railway to the River Liffey; and for other Purposes.

54. An act to change the Name of the East Kent Railway Company, and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking.

55. An act for making a Railway from the Midland Railway to or near the Town of Mountsorrel in the County of Leicester.

56. An act for authorizing the Somerset Central Railway Company to lay down Narrow Gauge Lines of Rails on their Railways, and to raise further Funds; and for regulating their Capital and Borrowing Powers; and for other Purposes.

57. An act for vesting the Sunderland Docks in the Commissioners of the River Wear; for enabling the Commissioners to execute certain Works; for amending the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Docks and River; and for other Purposes.

58. An act for better supplying with Water Parts of the Parishes of Bebbington and Woodchurch in the County of Chester; and for other Purposes.

59. An act to incorporate a Company for making Railways to supply Communication to the District between Merthyr and Abergavenny, and for other Purposes.

60. An act for making a Dock with other Conveniences in the Camber at Portsmouth, and for other Purposes.

61. An act for incorporating “The Tottenham and Edmonton Gaslight and Coke Company,” and extending their Powers; and for other Purposes.

62. An act to enable the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company to abandon a Portion of their authorized Line between Longford and Boyle, and to construct a new Line in substitution therefor; and for other Purposes.

63. An act for making a Railway from Llanidloes in the County of Montgomery to Newbridge in the County of Radnor, to be called “The Mid-Wales Railway;" and for other Purposes.

64. An act for making a Railway from the Shrewsbury and Chester Section of the Great Western Railway near Ruabon in the County of Denbigh to the Town of Llangollen in the same County, and for other Purposes.

65. An act to enable the Stokes Bay Railway and Pier Company to raise additional Capital.

66. An act to repeal an act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for widening, improving, and maintaining the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Worcester, through Droitwich, to Spadesbourne Bridge within the Parish of Bromsgrove in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for granting more effectual Powers in lieu thereof.

67. An act to repeal an act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for repairing the Road from Hinckley to Melbourne Common, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby; and granting more effectual Powers in lieu thereof.

68. An act for making Railways in the District between Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil, and for other Purposes.

69. An act to enable the London, and South Coast Railway Company to make certain Alterations in their existing and authorized Railways; to make a new Railway at Norwood; to acquire additional Lands for Station Accommodation, and to purchase or take on Lease other Undertakings; and for other Purposes.

70. An act to amend “The Tweed Fisheries Act, 1857,” and to alter the Annual Close Times in the River Tweed.

71. An act to authorize the Bradford, Wakefield, and Leeds Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

72. An act for the Regulation and Improvement of the Oyster Fishery in the River Orwell within the Borough of Ipswich.

73. An act to enable the South Durham and Lancashire Union Railway Company to deviate their authorized Line of Railway, to carry then* Line over a certain Road by a level Crossing, and to construct a Road for providing better Access to the Railway at or near to Barnard Castle; and for other Purposes.

74. An act to authorize the Birkenhead, Lancashire, and Cheshire Junction Railway Company to make a Railway from Hooton to Helsby, with a Branch to Tranmere Pool; and for other Purposes.

75. An act for inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands called “The Commons of Bray” in the Parish of Old Connaught in the County of Dublin.

76. An act to authorize the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway Company to extend their Kingswinford Branch, and to alter certain Parts of their Main Line of Railway, and to carry into effect an Agreement with the Great Western Railway Company for the Completion of the Main Line on the Narrow Gauge only; and for other Purposes.

77. An act for making a Pier in Swanage Bay in the County of Dorset, and a Tramway in connexion therewith; and for other Purposes.

78. An act for making a Road from Llanrwst to Abergele, and a Branch Road thereout, in the Counties of Denbigh and Caernarvon.

79. An act for continuing an act for more effectually making, amending, widening, repairing, and maintaining the Great North Roads leading from the North Queensferry and from Burntisland, both in the County of Fife, by Kinross, to the City of Perth, and for enabling the Trustees of the said Roads and the Trustees of other Roads to enter into mutual Arrangements.

80. An act to enable the Dublin and Railway Company to extend their Railway to Gorey in the County of Wexford; and for other Purposes.

81. An act for the making and maintaining of the Charing Cross Railway, and for other Purposes.

82. An act to alter and amend the Acts relating to the Lands Improvement Company.

83. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Scottish Central Railway.

84. An act for making a Railway from Brecon through Hay to the Line of the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway Company at Hereford.

85. An act for the making and maintaining of the Wansbeck Railway from Morpeth to a Junction with the North Tyne Section of the Border Counties Railway, and with Branches to the Morpeth Branch of the Blyth and Tyne Railway and the Main Line of the North-Eastern Railway respectively; and for other Purposes.

86. An act to repeal an act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, for making a Turnpike Road from the Township of Hunslet across the River Aire to the Township of Leeds, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

87. An act to repeal the Acts relating to the Lawton, Burslem, and Newcastle-under-Lyme Turnpike Roads, and to consolidate and amend the Provisions thereof.

88. An act for making a Railway from the London and Northwestern Railway to Sutton Coldfield in the County of Warwick, with a Branch therefrom; and for other Purposes.

89. An act for repairing and maintaining certain Roads at and near Ludlow in the County of Salop, known as the Ludlow First Turnpike Trust, the Ludlow Second Turnpike Trust, and the Cainham Trust, and for placing such Roads under the same Management.

90. An Act. to enable the Sittingbourne and Sheerness Railway Company to raise additional Capital, to amend the Acts relating to the Company, and for other Purposes.

91. An act for amalgamating the Bedale and Leyburn Railway Company with the North-eastern Railway Company, and for vesting in the latter the Undertaking of the former Company and the Rosedale Branch and Property of the North Yorkshire and Cleveland Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

92. An act to renew the Term and continue, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Cross of Hand near Finford Bridge in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury in the County of Oxford, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes.

93. An act for continuing the Term and amending and extending the Provisions of the Act relating to the Blackburn and Preston Turnpike Road, and for constructing a Bridge over the River Ribble in connexion therewith; and for other Purposes.

94. An act for making a Railway from West Cowes to Newport in the Isle of Wight, and for other Purposes.

95. An act for making a Railway from the London and South-western Railway in the Parish of Ringwood to Christchurch, and an Approach Road at Christchurch, all in the County of Southampton; and for other Purposes.

96. An act to authorize the Charleston Railway and Harbour Company to purchase and acquire the Charleston Railway and Harbour, and to extend and improve the said Railway and Harbour.

97. An act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Metropolitan Railway, to authorize the Alteration and Relinquishment of certain of the Works, and to make further Provision with reference to the Construction of such Railway; and for other Purposes.

98. An act to extend the Powers of the West End of London and Crystal Palace Railway Company for the Purchase of Lands and Completion of their authorized Extension to Farnborough Railway, and for other Purposes.

99. An act for better supplying with Water the Town of Eastbourne and Places adjacent thereto in the County of Sussex, and for other Purposes.

100. An act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to construct Branch Railways for the Purpose of uniting their Leeds and Thirsk and Church Fenton and Harrogate Railways; and for other Purposes.

101. An act to amend the Acts relating to the South Yorkshire Railway and River Dun Company, and to regulate the crossing of certain Roads by the Railway of the Company.

102. An act for regulating the Bombay, Baroda, and Central India Railway Company, and for making Provision with respect to the Capital of the Company; and for other Purposes.

103. An act to make better Provision for the Management and Application of the Newcastle-under-Lyme Burgesses Lands, to repeal and amend the Act relating thereto, and for other Purposes.

104. An act for making a Railway from the Trent Valley Railway at Nuneaton in the County of Warwick to Hinckley in the County of Leicester, and for other Purposes.

105. An act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Hungerford in Berkshire to Devizes in Wiltshire, to be called “The Berks and Hants Extension Railway.”

106. An act for incorporating the British and Canadian Telegraph Company, and for other Purposes.

107. An act to embank and reclaim from the Sea certain Waste Lands subject to be overflowed by the Tide, and forming Part of Chichester Harbour in the County of Sussex.

108. An act to alter, amend, and extend the Acts for inclosing, embanking, and draining the Marsh called Malltraeth and Corsddaugau in the County of Anglesey, and to provide for the Maintenance of the Embankments and Drainage, and for other Purposes.

109. An act to authorize the South Staffordshire Railway Company to acquire certain Lands and raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

110. An act for the Amalgamation of the East Lancashire Railway Company with the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

111. An act to authorize the Leeds, Bradford, and Halifax Junction Railway Company to convert their Mortgage or Bond Debt into Shares or Stock; and for other Purposes.

112. An act to enable the Victoria Station and Pimlico Railway Company to raise further Sums of Money.

113. An act for enabling the London and North-western Railway Company to construct new Works and acquire additional Lands in the Counties of Lancaster and Northampton;and for other Purposes.

114. An act to authorize the Maintenance and Use of the Silverdale and Newcastle-under-Lyme Railway, and the Use of the Extension Railway to the Newcastle-under-Lyme Canal, and for other Purposes.

115. An act to enable the Waveney Valley Railway Company to extend their Railway from Harleston to Bungay and Ditchingham; and for other Purposes relating to the same Company.

116. An act to enable the Herne Bay and Faversham Railway Company to extend their Railway to Margate, to change their Name; and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking.

117. An act for establishing Railway Communication between Loughton, Epping, and Chipping Ongar in the County of Essex, and for other Purposes.

118. An act to enable the Norwich and Spalding Railway Company to extend their Railway from Holbeach to Sutton Bridge in Lincolnshire.

119. An act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from the Hythe in the Neighbourhood of Colchester to Wivenhoe in Essex, to be called “The Tendring Hundred Railway.”

120. An act to afford Facilities for raising Funds for the Completion of the Bridport Railway, and to authorize the Lease thereof to the Great Western Railway Company.

121. An act for making a Railway from Knighton to Llandrindod in the County of Radnor, to be called “The Central Wales Railway,” and for other Purposes.

122. An act to enable the Colne Valley and Halstead Railway Company to extend their Railway from Halstead to Haverhill in the County of Essex.

123. An act for improving, paving, draining, and lighting the Burgh of Falkirk, and for regulating the Supply of Water within the Burgh; and for providing for the Transference of the Property of the Stintmasters and Feuars of Falkirk to the Magistrates and Council; and for other Purposes.

124. An act for authorizing the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway Company to make new Works, and to make Arrangements with other Companies, and to raise further Funds; and for other Purposes.

125. An act for making a Railway from the Coultershaw Branch of the Mid-Sussex Railway to the Town of in the County of Sussex.

126. An act for making a Branch from the North Staffordshire Railway in the Parish of Stoke-upon-Trent in the County of Stafford, and for extending the Time for completing certain Works, and for authorizing Arrangements with the London and North-western Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

127. An act for enabling the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company to make a new Railway and other Works; and for other Purposes.

128. An act for making the Kensington Station and North and South London Junction Railway, and for other Purposes.

129. An act to enable the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to construct Branch Railways from Oldham to Rochdale and Royton in the County of Lancaster; and for other Purposes.

130. An act for enabling the Midland Railway Company to make an Extension of their Erewash Valley Line, to acquire additional Lands in the County of Leicester; and for other Purposes.

131. An act to facilitate Arrangements by the Londonderry and Coleraine Railway Company with their Creditors, and for other Purposes.

132. An act to suspend in certain Cases the Operation of the Twenty-eighth Section of the “Liverpool Sanitary Amendment Act, 1854,” and for other Purposes.

133. An act for the better Regulation of Watermen, Barge Owners, and others connected with the Navigation of the River Thames between Teddington Lock and Lower Hope Point.

134. An act for the making and maintaining of the West London Extension Railway, and for other Purposes.

135. An act to amend “The Tacumshin Embankment Act, 1854,” and to extend the Time for the Completion of the Works authorized by that Act.

136. An act for making and maintaining in and near to Burton-upon-Trent of Branch Railways from the Midland Railway, and the building of a new Bridge across the River Trent at Burton-upon-Trent, and the taking down and removing of "The Great Bridge at Burton-upon-Trent;" and for other Purposes.

137. An act to confer certain Powers upon “The Pneumatic Despatch Company (Limited).”

138. An act to transfer the Warrington and Stockport Railway to certain Companies.

139. An act to extend the Wells and Fakenham Railway to and along Wells Quays, and for other Purposes.

