Local Acts passed in 1864, 27 & 28 Victoria c.1 - c.329.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1864.
---

1. An Act to confer certain Powers on the Llanelly Railway and Dock Company with respect to their Capital.

2. An Act to enable the Dock Company at Kingston-upon-Hull to raise a further Sum of Money.

3. An Act for granting further Powers to "The Newry and Greenore Railway Company."

4. An Act to enable the Metropolitan Board of Works to provide a public Park for the South-eastern Districts of the Metropolis, to be called Southwark Park.

5. An Act to amend the existing Acts of the Folkestone Waterworks Company, and to confer further Powers upon the Company.

6. An Act for better supplying Matlock Bath in the County of Derby with Water.

7. An Act for altering the Marple New Mills and Hayfield Junction Railway; extending the Time for Completion of Portions thereof; and for other Purposes.

8. An Act to empower the Southwark and Vauxhall Water Company to raise further Money; and for other Purposes.

9. An Act for granting certain Powers to "The Chertsey Gas Consumers Company (Limited)."

10. An Act for granting further Powers to the Kingston-upon-Thames Gas Company.

11. An Act to incorporate "The Tunbridge Wells Gas Company to extend their Limits for supplying Gas; to repeal the Deeds of Settlement under which the Company is established; to authorize the raising of further Capital; and for other Purposes.

12. An Act to alter and regulate the Capital and Borrowing Powers of the Dublin and Belfast Junction Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

13. An Act to enable the Carmarthen and Cardigan Railway Company to make a Branch Railway near Kidwelly in Carmarthenshire.

14. An Act to authorize the Dovor Gaslight Company to purchase certain Land; to raise more Money; and for other Purposes.

15. An Act to amend the Metropolitan Meat and Poultry Market Act, 1860, and other Acts, with respect to the borrowing of Money; and for other Purposes.

16. An Act for granting further Powers to "The Caine Railway Company."

17. An Act to enable the Ipswich Gaslight Company to increase their Capital.

18. An Act to enable the Swansea Vale Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

19. An Act to enable the South Yorkshire Railway and River Dun Company to extend their Railway to the Midland Railway at Barnsley.

20. An Act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to construct a Branch Railway and Works between Church Fenton and Micklefield, in the County of York; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

21. An Act to amend "The Salisbury Railway and Market House Act, 1856;" and to enable the Company thereby incorporated to increase their Capital; and for other Purposes.

22. An Act to extend the Time limited for the Purchase of certain Lands by Acts relating to the Llanidloes and Newtown Railway Company; and to authorize that Company to raise and apply Money to the general Purposes of their Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

23. An Act for incorporating and granting other Powers to "The Salisbury Gaslight and Coke Company."

24. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Sudden Bridge and Bury Roads in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for other Purposes.

25. An Act to enable the Haslingden and Rawtenstall Waterworks Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to construct Works; and for other Purposes.

26. An Act to enable the Great North of Scotland Railway Company to contribute further Monies to certain Undertakings.

27. An Act for enabling the Huntingdon and Godmanchester Gas and Coke Company (Limited) to acquire additional Land.

28. An Act to enable the Dublin and Meath Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

29. An Act to authorize the Edgware, Highgate, and London Railway Company to extend their Railway to the Alexandra Park; and for other Purposes.

30. An Act for lighting with Gas the Townships of Clayton, Allerton, and Thornton, and certain neighbouring Townships or Parts thereof in the West Riding of the County of York.

31. An Act for amalgamating the Undertakings of the Commercial Dock Company and of the Grand Surrey Docks and Canal Company; for consolidating and amending their Acts; and for other Purposes.

32. An Act to confer Powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company for the Execution of new Works and the Acquisition of additional Lands, and otherwise in relation to their Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

33. An Act to make Provision for equalizing the Revenue and Expenditure of the Aberbrothwick Harbour Trust; to enable the Trustees to borrow a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes relating to the said Harbour.

34. An Act to enable the Anglesey Central Railway Company to make a Deviation of a Portion of their authorized Line.

35. An Act to enable the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to provide Station Accommodation at Kemp Town, Brighton, and to construct a new Railway in connexion therewith; and for other Purposes.

36. An Act to incorporate the Pontypridd Waterworks Company (Limited) and to make further Provision for the Supply of Water to the Town of Pontypridd and the Neighbourhood thereof.

37. An Act to extend the Term and amend the Provisions of the Act relating to the Thornset Turnpike Roads.

38. An Act to re-incorporate the Bedford Gaslight Company, and make further Provision for lighting the Borough of Bedford in the County of Bedford and certain neighbouring Parishes with Gas.

39. An Act for authorizing the Governor and Company of Chelsea Waterworks to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

40. An Act to incorporate the Stroud Gaslight and Coke Company, and make further Provision for lighting the Borough of Stroud and Parish of Eastington with Gas; and for other Purposes.

41. An Act to enable the Swansea Harbour Trustees to construct additional Works, and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purposes of their Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

42. An Act for better supplying the Town of Drogheda and Neighbourhood thereof with Water; and for other Purposes.

43. An Act to repeal An Act for repairing the Road from the present Turnpike Road in the Parish of Hursley in the County of Southampton to Andover, and from thence to Newbury, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond in the County of Berks, and for granting more effectual Powers in lieu thereof.

44. An Act for the making and maintaining a Bridge over the River Thames or Isis, near the Ferry at Clifton Hampden in the County of Oxford, with Approaches thereto; and for other Purposes.

45. An Act to incorporate the Deal and Walmer Gaslight and Coke Company, Limited, and to make further Provision for lighting the Town of Deal and Parish of Walmer and certain neighbouring Places with Gas.

46. An Act for extending the Powers of "The Chichester Harbour Embankment Act, 1859."

47. An Act to enable the Corporations of the Boroughs of Ashton-under-Lyne and Stalybridge to provide a further Supply of Water for those Boroughs and the Neighbourhood thereof respectively; and for other Purposes.

48. An Act for authorizing the Improvement of the Harbour of Porth Cawl, to confirm Arrangements relative thereto between the Llynvi Valley Railway Company and the Ogmore Valley Railways Company; and for other Purposes.

49. An Act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to construct Railways between their Main Line near York and the Great Northern Railway near Doncaster; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

51. An Act for continuing the Term of and otherwise amending the Act relating to "The Pucklechurch or Lower District of Roads," in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts.

51. An Act for extending the Time for the Purchase of Lands and the Completion of the Works authorized by "The Greenwich and South-eastern Docks Act, 1859."

52. An Act to continue the Hedon and Patrington Turnpike Trust in the East Riding of the County of York; and for other Purposes.

53. An Act to repeal the Acts relating to the Newport (Monmouthshire) Turnpike Trust and the Caerleon Turnpike Trust, and to amalgamate those Trusts; and for other Purposes.

54. An Act for the Portmadoc and Beaver Pool Bridge Turnpike Roads in the Counties of Merioneth and Carnarvon.

55. An Act to give Effect to the Provisions of "The West Yorkshire Railway Act, 1863," with reference to the Admission of the North-eastern and Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Companies to become joint Owners with the West Yorkshire Railway Company of the Methley Railway; and for other Purposes.

56. An Act for incorporating the Hertford Gaslight Company, for extending their Limits for supplying Gas, for the Increase and Regulation of their Capital; and for other Purposes.

57. An Act to amend the "London Necropolis and National Mausoleum Amendment Act, 1855," and for other Purposes.

58. An Act for authorizing the Cowes and Newport Railway Company to make and maintain Extension and Branch Railways in the Isle of Wight, and to raise Funds for the Purpose; and for other Purposes.

59. An Act to extend the Term and amend the Provisions of the Act relating to the Turnpike Road from Brough Ferry to South Newbald Holmes, and from Brough to Welton9 in the East Riding of the County of York.

60. An Act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to make a Branch Railway from their Rutherglen and Coatbridge Branch to Tennochside in the County of Lanark; and for other Purposes.

61. An Act to authorize the Corporation of the City of London to form a Viaduct or raised Way across the Holborn Valley, and new Streets and Improvements connected therewith; and for other Purposes.

62. An Act to authorize Arrangements between the Bedford and Cambridge and London and North-western Railway Companies; and for other Purposes.

63. An Act to authorize the Stirling Waterworks Commissioners to make and maintain additional Reservoirs and other Works, and to extend the Supply of Water; and for other Purposes.

64. An Act for incorporating the Salop Fire Office, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

65. An Act to enable the Trent, Ancholme, and Grimsby Railway Company to raise further Money.

66. An Act to confer upon the Westminster Palace Hotel Company, Limited, further Powers with respect to Arrangements between them and Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State in Council of India, and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking.

67. An Act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to make Branch Railways and other Works in the Counties of Durham and Cumberland; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

68. An Act to incorporate the Scarborough Valley Bridge Company; to authorize the Construction of a Bridge over the Ramsdale Valley in Scarborough, with Approaches; and for other Purposes.

69. An Act for making further Provision with respect to the Investment of Monies of the Rock Life Assurance Company; and for other Purposes.

70. An Act for more effectually repairing certain Roads from Scaddow Gate in the Parish of Ticknall to the Burton-upon-Trent and Ashby Road, and other Roads connected therewith, and for making new Branches of Road, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester; and for other Purposes.

71. An Act to authorize Arrangements of the Capital of the North-western Railway Company.

72. An Act to authorize the Construction of new and widening and altering of existing Streets and other Improvements in the Borough of Liverpool; and for other Purposes.

73. An Act for making further Provision with respect to the sanitary Condition of the Borough of Liverpool; and for other Purposes.

74. An Act for continuing the Term of the Turnpike Road from Chesterfield to Hernstone Lane Head, with its Branches, all in the County of Derby; and for other Purposes.

75. An Act to incorporate a Company for making "The Chichester and Midhurst Railway."

76. An Act for making a Railway from the Northampton and Banbury Junction Railway to the Great Western Railway at Stratford-on-Avon.

77. An Act to authorize the Transfer of the Undertaking of the South Yorkshire Railway and River Dun Company to the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company.

78. An Act to grant to the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company certain Powers with respect to the Stockport and Woodley Junction, Cheshire Midland, Stockport, Timperley, and Altrincham Junction, and West Cheshire Railways, and to empower the Company to enlarge its Canal Premises in Manchester; and for other Purposes.

79. An Act to enable the Tendring Hundred Railway Company to alter their Line to Walton in Essex; and for other Purposes.

80. An Act for making a Railway from the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway at Chatburn to the North-western Railway at Settle, to be called "The Ribblesdale Railway;" and for other Purposes.

81. An Act to amalgamate the Alva Railway Company with the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company.

82. An Act for vesting the Alyth Railway, by way of Lease, in the Scottish North-eastern Railway Company; to enable the Alyth Railway Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

83. An Act to enable the Perth, Almond Valley, and Methven Railway Company to raise additional Capital, and to sell their Undertaking to the Scottish North-eastern Railway Company, and to enable that Company to purchase the same; and for other Purposes.

84. An Act to authorize the North British Railway Company to make a Railway from the Carlisle and Silloth Bay Railway in the Parish of Holme Cultram to the Maryport and Carlisle Railway in the Parish of Wigton, all in the County of Cumberland; and for other Purposes.

85. An Act for better supplying the Borough of Wrexham and Neighbourhood thereof with Water; and for other Purposes.

86. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Ely, through Haddenham, to Sutton, in Cambridgeshire.

87. An Act for authorizing the London and South-western Railway Company to make and maintain a Railway from the London and South-western Railway at Chertsey to the Staines and Wokingham Railway at Egham; and for other Purposes.

88. An Act to empower the Salisbury and Yeovil Railway Company to acquire additional Lands, and to raise more Money; and for other Purposes.

89. An Act to enable the South Staffordshire Waterworks Company to construct additional Works, and obtain a further Supply of Water, and to extend their Supply of Water into other Districts; and for other Purposes.

90. An Act for making a Railway from the Lynn and Hunstanton Railway at Heacham to the Great Eastern Railway at Wells, to be called "The West Norfolk Junction Railway," all in the County of Norfolk.

91. An Act to enable the West Riding and Grimsby Railway Company to make a Station at Wakefield, and for other Purposes with relation to that Company.

92. An Act for incorporating the Ulverston Gaslight and Coke Company, and for conferring upon them farther Powers for the Supply of Gas to the Township of Ulverston, and certain neighbouring Townships and Parishes, in the County of Lancaster.

93. An Act to empower the Kent Coast Railway Company to acquire additional Lands and to raise more Money, and to make further Provision for the Lease of their Undertaking to the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

94. An Act to empower the Crystal Palace and South London Junction Railway Company to make a Railway to connect their authorized Railway with the Greenwich Line of the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company, and to let or transfer their Undertaking to the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

95. An Act to authorize the Great Eastern Railway Company to make a Railway from their Loughton Line to near Highbeech Green in Epping Forest.

96. An Act to authorize the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company to run Steam Vessels between Ramsgate and certain Foreign Ports, and to provide Accommodation for Steam Boat Traffic at Ramsgate and Dover, and for incidental Purposes.

97. An Act for authorizing the Oswestry, Ellesmere, and Whitchurch Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

98. An Act for authorizing the South-eastern Railway Company to make and maintain an Extension of their Railway to Westerham, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

99. An Act for authorizing the South-eastern Railway Company to make and maintain Extensions of their Railway to Cranbrook, Hythe, and Sandgate respectively, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

100. An Act to sanction an Agreement between the North British Railway Company and the Scottish Central Railway Company with respect to the General Station at Perth; and for other Purposes.

101. An Act to enable the Witney Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

102. An Act for repairing the Road from North Shields in the County of Northumberland to the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne; and for other Purposes.

103. An Act to incorporate a Company for holding Markets and Fairs in the Town and Parish of Wellington in the County of Salop; and for other Purposes.

104. An Act to grant a further Term in the Road from or near Mytholm Royd Bridge in the West Riding of the County of York communicating with the Road at or near to the Sixth Milestone from Rochdale in the County of Lancaster, and further Powers for the Management thereof; to alter the Rights of the existing Creditors of the Trust, and to repeal the existing Act; and for other Purposes.

105. An Act to amend the Act 3 Victoria, Chapter 44. for regulating and preserving the Harbour of Workington in the County of Cumberland, in relation to the Securities to be granted for borrowed Money; and for other Purposes.

106. An Act to enable the Belfast and Northern Counties Railway Company to make a Railway or Tramway at Portrush; and to purchase additional Lands; and to extend the Period at present limited for the Sale of certain superfluous Lands of the said Company; and for other Purposes.

107. An Act to incorporate the Proprietors of the North Cheshire Waterworks Company, Limited, and to confer on them further Powers for the Supply of Water; and for other Purposes.

108. An Act for enabling the Local Board of Health for the Borough of Lancaster to construct and maintain an improved System of Waterworks for the Supply of the Borough and of adjacent Places with Water; to authorize certain Street Improvements in the Borough of Lancaster; and to give Powers of Sale or Mortgage over Lancaster Marsh; and for other Purposes,

109. An Act to grant further Powers to the Nottingham Gaslight and Coke Company.

110. An Act to enable the Stockton and Middlesbrough Waterworks Company to extend their Limits for the Supply of Water; to construct additional Works; to raise additional Capital; to alter and amend their existing Act; and for other Purposes.

111. An Act to authorize the Scottish North-eastern Railway Company to construct a Railway to connect their Railway with the Great North of Scotland Railway at Aberdeen; to confer Powers and Obligations on them, and on the Great North of Scotland Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

112. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Dock, Piers, a Railway, and other Works at or near Deal, and a navigable Channel therefrom to Sandwich, all in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes.

113. An Act for authorizing the North and South Western Junction Railway Company to acquire additional Lands for the Purposes of their Undertaking; and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

114. An Act for authorizing the Okehampton Railway Company to make certain Deviations from their authorized Lines; and for other Purposes.

115. An Act to enable the Scottish North-eastern Railway Company to make a new Railway from Newtyle to the Meigle Station on the Scottish North-eastern Railway; and for other Purposes.

116. An Act to confirm an Agreement for the Amalgamation of the Globe Insurance Company with the Liverpool and London Fire and Life Insurance Company, and to alter the Name of the last-mentioned Company; and for other Purposes.

117. An Act to confer further Powers on the Wallasey Local Board; and for other Purposes.

118. An Act for vesting, by way of Lease in perpetuity, the Newcastle-under-Lyme Canal, and the Canal Extension Railway belonging thereto, in the North Staffordshire Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

119. An Act for erecting and maintaining Bridges over the River Severn near Shrewsbury, and for making convenient Approaches thereto.

120. An Act for incorporating "The Lymington Harbour and Docks Company," and authorizing them to make and maintain the Lymington Harbour and Docks, and a Railway and other Works in connexion therewith; and for other Purposes.

121. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town of Whitehaven and its Neighbourhood; and for other Purposes.

122. An Act to authorize the making of a Railway from the Great Eastern Railway to North Walsham in the County of Norfolk; and for other Purposes.

123. An Act to enable the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to make new Railways from the Ouse Viaduct on their Main Line to Uckfield and Hailsham; and for other Purposes.

124. An Act to enable the Great Northern Railway Company to use certain Portions of the Great Eastern Railway, and to make Arrangements with the Great Eastern Railway Company.

125. An Act to amend the Railway Passengers Assurance Company's Act, 1852, and to confer additional Powers upon the said Company.

126. An Act for authorizing a Deviation and Extensions of the Dublin, Wicklow, and Wexford Railway; and for other Purposes.

127. An Act for authorizing the Falmouth Docks Company to make and maintain additional Works, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

128. An Act to enable the West Shropshire Mineral Railway Company to make certain New Lines of Railway, and to use a Portion of the Oswestry and Newtown Railway and the Llanymynech Station of that Railway; and for other Purposes.

129. An Act to authorize the Consolidation of the separate Capitals of the Sevenoaks, Maidstone, and Tunbridge Railway Company; to extend the existing Arrangements between them and the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company; to authorize the Sale or Lease of their Undertaking to that Company; and for other Purposes.

130. An Act for enabling the Pneumatic Despatch Company (Limited) to purchase Lands and extend their Works.

131. An Act for empowering the Commissioners of the Harbour of Tralee to raise Money, and for other Purposes.

132. An Act to enable the Glasgow and South-western and the Caledonian Railway Companies to make certain Branches and other Works, and to acquire additional Lands in connexion with their Joint Line of Railway between Glasgow and Paisley; and for other Purposes.

133. An Act for maintaining the public Roads and Bridges in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright.

134. An Act to extend the Time for completing the Henley-in-Arden Railway, and to raise additional Capital.

135. An Act to enable the Metropolitan Board of Works to purchase additional Lands and to make further Improvements in the Parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, for the Purposes of "The Thames Embankment Act, 1863."

136. An Act to extend the Time for the Purchase of Land and completing the Extension Line to the River Avon of the Bristol and South Wales Union Railway; to authorize the Purchase of additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

137. An Act for extending the Limits of the Bolton Gas Company's Act, 1854, and for other Purposes.

138. An Act for the Amendment of the Bolton and Saint Helen's Turnpike Roads Act, 1860.

139. An Act to make Provision for the Maintenance and Management of public Roads in Zetland.

140. An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Harbour of Port Glasgow.

141. An Act for making and maintaining a Market in the Parish of St. George the Martyr, Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

142. An Act to enable the Mid Wales Railway Company to make a Railway to join the Central Wales Extension Railway in the Parish of Llanelwedd in the County of Radnor; and to confer upon the said Company further Powers with respect to Roads crossed by their Railway, and with respect to the Purchase of Lands; and to enable the said Company to let their Railway on Lease; and to raise further Sums; and for other Purposes.

143. An Act for authorizing the Construction of a Railway, to be called "The Halifax and Ovenden Junction Railway;" and for other Purposes.

144. An Act to authorize the Mistley, Thorpe, and Walton Railway Company to make a Railway to connect their Line with an authorized Extension of the Tendring Hundred Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

145. An Act for making further Provision with respect to the Liverpool Exchange Buildings and the Exchange Area, and for authorizing the Liverpool Exchange Company to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

146. An Act for the Amalgamation of the North Kent Waterworks Company and their Undertaking and Property with the Kent Waterworks Company and their Undertaking and Property, and for the Dissolution of the North Kent Waterworks Company; and for authorizing the Kent Water works Company to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

147. An Act for authorizing the Aberystwith and Welsh Coast Railway Company to acquire additional Lands, and to raise further Monies; and for authorizing the Oswestry and Newtown Railway Company to contribute further Monies towards the Funds of that Company; and for other Purposes.

148. An Act to re-incorporate the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Gateshead Union Gaslight Company, and to make better Provision for lighting with Gas the Boroughs of Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Gateshead, and several neighbouring Parishes and Townships in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham; and for other Purposes.

149. An Act for incorporating a Company for making a Railway in the County of Lancaster, to be called "The Garstang and Knot End Railway;" and for other Purposes.

150. An Act to authorize the Globe Telegraph Company (Limited) to construct and maintain Telegraphs; to acquire and work Letters Patent relating to Electro-magnetic Telegraphs and Apparatus; and for other Purposes.

151. An Act to authorize the Severn Valley Railway Company to raise further Sums of Money, and to make certain Works in connexion with their Railway; and for other Purposes.

152. An Act to enable the Nantwich and Market Drayton Railway Company to increase their Capital; and for other Purposes.

153. An Act for the Purification of the Water of Leith, by Interception and Conveyance into the Sea of the Sewage falling into the same, and otherwise; and for other Purposes.

154. An Act to authorize the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to run Steam Vessels between Littlehampton, Places on the Coast of France, and in the Channel Islands.

104. An Act for enlarging the Powers of "The Weston-super-Mare Pier Act, 1862;" and for other Purposes.

156. An Act to change the Name of the West Shropshire Mineral Railway Company, and to enable them to make Branch Railways and a Deviation, and to alter the Line and Levels of their Railway; and to confer upon the said Company further Powers for making, crossing, and altering public Roads, and for the Purchase of additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

157. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the East Indian Railway Company, and to authorize the Company to raise further Capital; and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking.

158. An Act for making a Railway from the Caledonian Railway, near Kirtlebridge Station, to the Maryport and Carlisle Railway, near Brayton Station, with Branch Railways in connexion therewith, in the Counties of Dumfries and Cumberland; and for other Purposes.

159. An Act to amend the Act relating to the Phoenix Gas Company, and to authorize such Company to raise more Capital, and purchase a certain Piece of Land; and for other Purposes.

160. An Act to make further Provision for the Maintenance and Repair of the Wallasey Embankment; and for other Purposes.

161. An Act to authorize the Oswestry and Newtown Railway Company to subscribe to the Bishop's Castle Railway; and for other Purposes.

162. An Act to enable the Independent Gaslight and Coke Company to raise additional Capital; to define their Limits for supplying Gas; to repeal, amend, and extend the Act relating to the Company; and for other Purposes.

163. An Act for making a Railway from the Cornwall Railway, near Burngullow, to the Saint Dennis Branch of the Newquay Railway, near Hendra, in the County of Cornwall; and for other Purposes.

164. An Act for the Construction by the Midland Railway Company of new Railways from their Bristol and Birmingham Line to the City of Bath and to Thornbury; and for other Purposes.

165. An Act for enabling the Leeds, Bradford, and Halifax Junction Railway Company to construct new Works and acquire additional Lands in the West Riding of the County of York; and for other Purposes.

166. An Act for authorizing the London and South-western Railway Company to make and maintain a Line of Railway from Kensington to Richmond, and Junction Lines communicating with the Hammersmith and City Railway and the North and South Western Junction Railway respectively; and to raise further Monies; and for authorizing Arrangements with divers Railway Companies; and for other Purposes.

167. An Act for rendering valid Letters Patent granted to Thomas Webster Rammell for "Improvements in Pneumatic Railways and Tubes."

168. An Act to provide for the Discharge by Deputy in certain Cases of the Functions of Warden in the University of Durham; and to authorize the Abolition of certain Fellowships in the said University; and to provide a further Endowment for the School of Theology, and a proposed School of Physical Science, in the said University; and for other Purposes.

169. An Act for supplying and lighting with Gas and supplying with Water the Town of Barrow-in-Furness, and the Townships of Above Town, Ireleth, Lindal, and Martin, Dalton, Dalton Proper, Yarlside, Hawcoat, and Saint George's Barrow, in the Parish of Dalton-in-Furness in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for other Purposes.

170. An Act for making a Railway from the Cornwall Railway to Bodmin.

171. An Act to authorize the Worcester, Bromyard, and Leominster Railway Company to purchase additional Lands; to extend the Time limited for the Purchase of Lands and for completing the Railway; and for other Purposes.

172. An Act to enable the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to provide improved Railway Communication between Tunbridge Wells and Eastbourne; and for other Purposes.

173. An Act to enable the Scottish North-eastern Railway Company to construct a new Line between Dundee and Forfar; to levy Tolls; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

174. An Act for authorizing an Alteration of the Southampton and Netley Railway, and the Amalgamation of the Southampton and Netley Railway with the London and Southwestern Railway; and for other Purposes.

175. An Act to incorporate a Company for the making of Railways in the Counties of Carmarthen and Cardigan, to be called "The Swansea and Aberystwith Junction Railway."

176. An Act to enable the Wellington and Drayton Railway Company to divert a Portion of their authorized Railway, and to transfer their Undertaking to the Great Western Railway Company.

177. An Act for enabling the Hayling Railways Company to make and maintain Railways in Extension of their authorized Railways, and to make and maintain Docks, and to raise Monies for the Purpose, and to make Arrangements with other Companies; and for other Purposes.

178. An Act for the Amalgamation of the London Dock Company and the Saint Katharine Dock Company into One Company by the Name "The London and Saint Katharine Docks Company," and for the Transfer to that Company and the Amalgamation with their Undertaking and Docks of the Undertaking and Docks of the Victoria (London) Dock Company; and for other Purposes.

179. An Act for the Stockport and Ashton Turnpike Roads in the Counties Palatine of Chester and Lancaster, and the County of York.

180. An Act for better supplying with Water the Borough of Wisbech, and certain Parishes and Places in the Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk; and for other Purposes.

181. An Act for authorizing the making of Railways from the Railway of the Somerset and Dorset Railway Company at Wells to the Railway of the Bristol and Exeter Railway Company at Yatton, and Arrangements between those Companies in relation thereto; and for other Purposes.

182. An Act for making Railways from the Great Eastern Railway at East Dereham to Norwich, to be called "The Wensum Valley Railway;" and for other Purposes.

183. An Act to enable the Pembroke and Tenby Railway Company to construct new Lines of Railway; and for other Purposes.

184. An Act for the Sale to the Bristol and Exeter Railway Company of the Undertaking of the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Western Canal, and for the Abandonment of a Portion of the Canal; and for other Purposes.

185. An Act to enable the Newry and Armagh Railway Company to raise further Capital, and for other Purposes.

186. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Carnarvon to Llanberis in the County of Carnarvon.

187. An Act for the Construction of an Embankment, Docks, and other Works, and the Reclamation and Acquisition of Lands near Fleetwood in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for other Purposes.

188. An Act for making a Railway from the Merthyr, Tredegar, and Abergavenny Railway to Crickhowell; and for other Purposes.

189. An Act for making a Railway from the Town of Crieff to the Perth, Almond Valley, and Methven Railway near Methven; and for other Purposes.

190. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway in Middlesex, to be called "The Midland and South-western Junction Railway."

191. An Act for the Extension of the Municipal Limits of the City of Londonderry, and for the Increase of the Jurisdiction of the Court of Conscience there; and for the further Improvement of the City; and for raising further Monies; and for other Purposes.

192. An Act for authorizing the Charing Cross Railway Company to acquire additional Lands at or near to their Cannon Street Station in the City of London, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

193. An Act for more effectually maintaining, keeping in repair, and improving the Roads, Highways, and Bridges within the County of Peebles; and for other Purposes.

194. An Act for affording increased Facilities for the Transmission of Traffic between the Railways of the London and North-western Railway Company and Railways in Ireland; and for other Purposes.

195. An Act to authorize the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company to construct additional Works and acquire additional Lands; to alter the Works and Powers (connected with or affecting their Undertaking) of other Companies, Bodies, and Persons; and to amend the Acts relating to the above-named Company, to Dover and to Mary ate; and for other Purposes.

196. An Act to authorize the Shrewsbury and Welchpool Railway Company to transfer or lease their Undertaking to the London and North-western Railway Company, or to the London and North-western and Great Western Railway Companies.

197. An Act for making a Railway from Helston to Penryn in the County of Cornwall; and for other Purposes.

198. An Act for giving Effect to an Award relating the Borough of Belfast, and for confirming Things done with a view to the Execution of the Acts for the Improvement of the Borough; and for other Purposes.

199. An Act to enable the Kington and Eardisley Railway Company to extend their authorized Line of Railway to Presteign, and to use a Portion of the Leominster and Kington Railway, and make Agreements with other Companies; and for other Purposes.

200. An Act for making a Railway from the Great Western Railway, near Harbury, to the London and North-western Railway, near Birdingbury, in the County of Warwick.

201. An Act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Bolton to construct additional Waterworks; to acquire the Turton and Entwisle Reservoir; to provide a public Park and Town Hall; and for other Purposes.

202. An Act to enable the Great Northern Railway Company to extend their Railway to the Town of Barnet; to improve their Station at King's Cross; and for other Purposes.

203. An Act to further amend and extend the Acts for the Improvement of the Navigation of the Rivers Burry, Loughor, and Lliedi, in the Counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan, and for the Improvement of the Harbour of Llanelly in the said County of Carmarthen; and to grant certain Powers to the Llanelly Railway and Dock Company and the South Wales Railway Company in relation to the Improvement of the said Harbour; and for other Purposes.

204. An Act for incorporating a Company, and for making and maintaining the Macclesfield, Bollington, and Marple Railway; and for other Purposes.

205. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from the Watford and Rickmansworth Railway at Watford to the Edgware, Highgate, and London Railway at Edgware.

206. An Act for making and maintaining Highways, Bridges, Quays, and Ferries; and for regulating Ferries in the Shire of Argyll.

207. An Act for making a Railway from the Staines, Wokingham, and Woking Railway to Cambridge Town in the County of Surrey; and for other Purposes.

208. An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Harbour of Ardrossan, and to provide for the Improvement of the said Harbour.

209. An Act to enable "The Whitby Waterworks Company (Limited)" to supply with Water the Town and Borough of Whitby, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the Parish of Whitby in the North Riding of the County of York; and for other Purposes.

210. An Act to extend the Bourton-on-the-Water Railway towards Cheltenham; to amend the Act relating to the Bourton-on-the- Water Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

211. An Act for enabling the Isle of Wight Ferry Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

212. An Act to form into a separate Undertaking Part of the City Lines of the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company, and to provide for a Contribution thereto by the Great Northern Railway Company, and to consolidate some of the Stocks and Shares of the first-named Company; and for other Purposes.

213. An Act to enable the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of increasing the Accommodation of the Dock Estate on the Liverpool Side of the River Mersey, and to make a Diversion of Derby and Victoria Roads; and for altering certain Rates; and for other Purposes.

214. An Act to improve and extend the Dundee and Newtyle Railway; and for other Purposes.

215. An Act for authorizing the Extension and Maintenance of Tramways in the Parish of Erith in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes.

216. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway and Branch Railway to be called "The Waterford and Wexford Railway," and of a Harbour in Greenore Bay; and for other Purposes.

217. An Act to enable the Aylesbury and Buckingham Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

218. An Act to extend the Powers of the Llanelly Railway and Dock Company.

219. An Act to authorize the London and Blackwall Railway Company to enlarge certain of their Stations and Works; and for other Purposes.

220. An Act to authorize the Stamford and Essendine Railway Company to make a Railway from their Railway to join the Northampton and Peterborough Branch of the London and North-western Railway; and for other Purposes.

221. An Act for authorizing the Tottenham and Hampstead Junction Railway Company to make a Railway to join the Midland Railway; and for other Purposes.

222. An Act for making a Railway from Christian Malford in the County of Wilts to Nailsworth in the County of Gloucester; and for other Purposes.

223. An Act for authorizing the Somerset and Dorset Railway Company to acquire additional Lands for the Purposes of their Undertaking; and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

224. An Act to incorporate a Company for making the Carmarthenshire Railway, and to confer other Powers with reference thereto.

225. An Act to authorize the Corris, Machynlleth, and River Dovey Tramroad Company to make a new Railway; to abandon Part of their existing Undertaking; to amend their Act; and for other Purposes.

226. An Act for conferring additional Powers on the London and North-western Railway Company for the Construction of Works, and otherwise in relation to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies; for authorizing the Abandonment of; certain Railways; and for other Purposes.

227. An Act for the Amalgamation of divers Railway Companies with the London and South-western Railway Company; for authorizing that Company to make and maintain additional Lines of Railway, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

228. An Act to enable the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway Company to extend their Railway towards the City of Londonderry; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

229. An Act to regulate, the Use by the Lynn and Sutton Bridge Railway Company of the Cross Keys Bridge over the River Nene.

230. An Act for enabling the Midland Railway Company to construct a Railway from Chesterfield to Sheffield; and for other Purposes.

231. An Act for enabling the Midland Railway Company to construct a Branch Railway in the Parish of Saint Pancras; for authorizing Arrangements with the Metropolitan Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

232. An Act for making a Railway from the Potteries Line of the North Staffordshire Railway to near Tunstall in the Parish of Wolstanton in the County of Stafford; and for other Purposes.

233. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Hartley and Cranbrook to Tenterden in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes.

234. An Act for the Extension of the Wrexham, Mold, and Connah's Quay Railway to Whitchurch and Brymbo; and for other Purposes.

235. An Act to incorporate a Company for making a new Bridge from Chelsea to Battersea, with Approaches thereto.

236. An Act for the Amalgamation of the Waterford and Limerick Railway Company and the Limerick and Foynes Railway Company, and for authorizing the Waterford and Limerick Railway Company to work the Undertaking of the Rathkeale and Newcastle Junction Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

237. An Act for authorizing the West London Docks and Warehouses Company to execute further Works, and to make Arrangements with other Companies; to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

238. An Act for incorporating the Wandsworth Bridge Company, and for authorizing them to make and maintain the Wandsworth Bridge, and to make Roads leading thereto; and for other Purposes.

239. An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Birmingham and Staffordshire Gaslight Company; and for other Purposes.

240. An Act for authorizing the Peterborough, Wisbeach, and Sutton Railway Company to extend their Line of Railway; and for other Purposes.

241. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Dock and other Works near the Mouth of the River Avon, to be called "The Bristol Port and Channel Dock;" and for other Purposes.

242. An Act to enable the Great Northern Railway Company to extend their Railway from Lincoln to Sleaford; and to authorize the Amalgamation of the Boston, Sleaford, and Midland Counties Railway and the Bourn and Essendine Railway with the Great Northern Railway.

243. An Act to enable the Great Northern Railway Company to complete their Loop Line between Doncaster and Gainsborough; and to improve the Gradients of their Railway South of Gainsborough.

244. An Act to enable the Blyth and Tyne Railway Company to raise further Sums of Money; to extend the Time limited in respect of certain of their authorized Branches; and for other Purposes.

245. An Act for enabling the Midland Railway Company to construct new Railways and Works, and to acquire additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

246. An Act to empower the North London Railway Company to construct additional Works at Poplar; and for other Purposes.

247. An Act for making a Railway from the Dartmouth and Torbay Railway at Brixham Road Station to Brixham in the County of Devon, and a Tramway in connexion therewith; and for other Purposes.

248. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Clyde Navigation to lay down Lines of Rails or Tramways upon and in connexion with the Quays at the Harbour of Glasgow, and to borrow additional Money; to alter certain of the Rates leviable by them; and for other Purposes.

249. An Act for better supplying with Water Exmouth, Budleigh Salterton, and the adjoining Districts within the Parishes of Littleham and Exmouth, Withycombe Raleigh, and East Budleigh, in the County of Devon.

250. An Act to authorize the Amalgamation of the Hamilton and Strathaven Railway Company with the Caledonian Railways Company; and for other Purposes.

251. An Act for the Incorporation of "The West Grinstead, Cuchfield, and Hayward's Heath Junction Railway Company," and the making and maintaining of "The West Grinstead, Cuckfield, and Hayward's Heath Junction Railway;" and for other Purposes.

252. An Act to enable the Great Northern and Western (of Ireland) Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

253. An Act for the Discharge of Debts of the Irish North-western Railway Company; and for authorizing divers Arrangements between that Company and other Railway Companies; and for other Purposes.

254. An Act to incorporate a Company for making Railways to connect the several Railways in the Town of Belfast, and to construct a Central Station in Belfast; and for other Purposes.

255. An Act for incorporating "The Millwall Canal Company," and for authorizing them to make and maintain Canals and other Works in the Isle of Dogs, and thereby, and by the Appropriation of Works and Lands there, to provide Accommodation for Shipping and Waterside Accommodation for Shipbuilding and other Businesses requiring Water Frontage; and for other Purposes.

256. An Act for authorizing the Construction of Docks and other Works upon or near Hubberston Pill at Milford Haven in the County of Pembroke; and for other Purposes.

257. An Act for making Extension or Connecting Lines of Railway in the City of Bristol; and for other Purposes.

258. An Act for incorporating a Company for making a Railway in the County of Devon, to be called "The Buckfastleigh, Totnes, and South Devon Railway;" and for other Purposes.

259. An Act for better lighting with Gas Parts of the Parishes of Walthamstow and Leyton in the County of Essex, and for conferring further Powers in relation thereto on the County and General Gas Consumers Company (Limited); and for other Purposes.

260. An Act for enabling the Metropolitan Railway Company to make additional Works; for extending the Time limited for the compulsory Purchase of Lands and Completion of certain Works; for authorizing the raising of additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

261. An Act for better lighting with Gas Parts of the Parishes of Northfleet, Stone, and Swanscombe, in the County of Kent, and for conferring further Powers in relation thereto on the County and General Gas Consumers Company (Limited); and for other Purposes.

262. An Act to amalgamate the Oswestry and Newtown, Llanidloes and Newtown, Newtown and Machynlleth, and Oswestry, Ellesmere, and Whitchurch Railway Companies, and to confer Powers upon the amalgamated and other Companies.

263. An Act to authorize Agreements between the Oswestry and Newtown, the Llanidloes and Newtown, the Oswestry, Ellesmere, and Whitchurch, the Newtown and Machynllethy the Hereford, Hay, and Brecon, the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil, and the London and North-western Railway Companies; and for other Purposes.

264. An Act for authorizing the Rhymney Railway Company to make and maintain their Cardiff and Caerphilly and other Railways; and for other Purposes.

265. An Act to authorize certain Deviations from the existing and authorized Lines of the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway Company, and to empower that Company to form a Junction with the Limestone Railway of the Rhymney Iron Company, and (instead of the Vale of Neath Railway Company) to exercise the Powers of "The Vale of Neath Railway Act, 1863," for constructing the Merthyr Curve; and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

266. An Act for making a Railway from the Great Western Railway to Watlington in the County of Oxford.

267. An Act for constructing a Pier at New Brighton in the County of Chester.

268. An Act for the Commutation of Tithes in certain Parishes in the City of London; and for other Purposes.

269. An Act for making a Railway from the Cornwall Railway to Redruth in the County of Cornwall; and for other Purposes.

270. An Act to enable the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to construct Railways between Blackburn, Chorley, Horwich, and Wigan.

271. An Act for sanctioning an Agreement between the Caledonian and Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Companies with respect to the Construction of Branch Railways to connect their Undertakings with Glasgow Harbour; and for authorizing the Formation of a Joint Station there; and for other Purposes,

272. An Act for the Incorporation of "The Ilfracombe Railway Company," and the making and maintaining of "The Ilfracombe Railway;" and for other Purposes.

273. An Act for the Construction of Railways in the County of Lancaster, to be called "The Lancashire Union Railways;" and for other Purposes.

274. An Act to authorize the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to make certain Lines of Railway and other Works in and near the Parish of Battersea in the County of Surrey; and for other Purposes.

275. An Act for authorizing the Rhymney Railway Company to make and maintain Lines of Railway to join the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway and the Merthyr, Tredegar, and Abergavenny Railway respectively; and for other Purposes.

276. An Act to authorize the Rickmansworth, Amersham, and Chesham Railway Company to make and maintain a level Crossing on their Railway at Rickmansworth; and for other Purposes.

277. An Act for extending the Limits within which the Stockport District Waterworks Company may supply Water, and for authorizing them to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

278. An Act for making a Railway from the Mid-Sussex Railway in the Parish of Hardham to the Shoreham, Steyning, and Henfield Railway near the Town of Steyning; and for other Purposes.

279. An Act to empower the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company to make Railways at Cowlairs, and between Maryhill and the River Clyde; to authorize the Construction of a Tramway at the Harbour of Glasgow; and for other Purposes.

280. An Act for the Incorporation of the Herne Bay, Hampton, and Reculver Oyster Fishery Company; and for authorizing them to establish and maintain an Oyster Fishery in the Estuary of the River Thames, and to make and maintain a Pier and a Tramway and other Works; and for other Purposes.

281. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways from Dublin to Rathmines, Rathgar, Roundtown, Rathfarnham, and Rathcoole, and for other Purposes with relation to the said Railways.

282. An Act to authorize the Great Eastern Railway Company to make several short Junction Railways for connecting different Railways in their System at various Points; and for other Purposes.

283. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Alford to Mablethorpe in the County of Lincoln; and for other Purposes.

284. An Act for making Railways in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, to be called "The Drayton Junction Railway;" and for other Purposes.

285. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways from Cheltenham to Witney in Oxfordshire, and to Farinqdon in Berkshire, to be called "The East Gloucestershire Railway."

286. An Act for making and maintaining the City of Glasgow Union Railway; and for other Purposes.

287. An Act for incorporating a Company, and for making and maintaining the Kingsbridge Railway; and for other Purposes.

288. An Act for authorizing a Lease of a Portion of the Undertaking of the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation to the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, and of the Remainder thereof to the London and North-western Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

289. An Act for incorporating the Launceston, Bodmin, and Wadebridge Junction Railway Company, and authorizing them to make and maintain the Launceston, Bodmin, and Wadebridge Junction Railway; and for authorizing Arrangements between that Company and the Okehampton Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

290. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway in the Borough of Liverpool, to be called "The Liverpool Central Station Railway and for other Purposes.

291. An Act to enable the Metropolitan Railway Company to extend their Railway to Notting Hill, Kensington, and Brompton.

292. An Act for enabling the Scottish Central Railway Company to extend their Stations at Perth and Dundee, and to execute certain other Works in the Counties of Perth, Forfar, and Stirling; and for other Purposes.

293. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway to connect the Swansea Vale and Neath and Brecon Railways.

294. An Act for making a Railway from the River Tamar in the Parish of Calstock to Callington in the County of Cornwall; and for other Purposes.

295. An Act to enable the Worcester, Dean Forest, and Monmouth Railway Company to extend their Railway to the Great Western Railway near Gloucester; and for other Purposes.

296. An Act for vesting the Undertaking of the Saint Helen's Canal and Railway Company in the London and North-western Railway Company

297. An Act to enable the South Wales Mineral Railway Company to extend their Undertaking.

298. An Act for changing the Name of the Alton, Alresford, and Winchester Railway Company, and for authorizing them to make and maintain Railways (the Mid-Hants Lines) in extension of their authorized Railways (the Alton Lines), and to raise Monies for the Purpose, and to make Arrangements with other Companies; and for other Purposes.

299. An Act to enable the Great Northern and Western (of Ireland) Railway Company to use a Portion of the Midland Great Western Railway (of Ireland) near Athlone, and to make Agreements with the Great Southern and Western Railway Company, and to issue a Portion of their Share Capital as Preference Shares; and for other Purposes.

300. An Act to extend the Time for the Purchase of Lands for and Completion of the Kilpurcell Branch Railway of the Kilkenny Junction Railway Company, and to confer upon that Company Running Powers over the Waterford and Kilkenny Railway, and to enable them to raise further Money; and for other Purposes.

301. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from the Parsonstown and Portumna Bridge Railway to the Town of Portumna.

302. An Act for authorizing certain Arrangements between the Much Wenlock and Severn Junction Railway Company and Wenlock Railway Company and the Great Western Railway Company; and for extending the Time for the compulsory Purchase of Property required for the Wenlock Railway; and for other Purposes.

303. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from the Metropolitan Railway through Saint Johns Wood to the Hampstead Junction Railway.

304. An Act to enable the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway Company to construct new Lines between their authorized Lines and the Rhymney Railway, and to connect the Rumney and Rhymney Railways, and between the Rumney Railway and Caerphilly and Llantwit-fardre, and to join the Great Western Railway; and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

305. An Act to amend "The Dublin Improvement Act, 1849," and "The Dublin Improvement Act Amendment Act, 1861," and to confer additional Powers upon the Corporation of Dublin.

306. An Act for conferring further Powers on the Great Western Railway Company for the Construction of Works and the Acquisition of Lands, and otherwise in relation to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies and Persons; and for other Purposes.

307. An Act for making a Railway from the Bristol and Exeter Railway to Barnstaple; and for other Purposes.

308. An Act to authorize the Construction of several Railways and a Canal chiefly in the Parishes of Wolstanton and Audley by the North Staffordshire Railway Company, and to confer other Powers upon such Company and various other Companies and the Duke of Bridgewater's Trustees.

309. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways from the Silverdale and Newcastle Railway at Wolstanton to the Old Manor House at Madeley, and thence to the Nantwich and Market Drayton and London and North-western Railways; and for other Purposes.

31o. An Act for making a Railway from Petersfield to Bishops Waltham; and for other Purposes.

311. An Act for the Amalgamation of the Mid-Kent Railway Company, and their Undertaking, Railway, and Property, with the South-eastern Railway Company, and their Undertaking, Railway, and Property; and for other Purposes.

312. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways between Cannock Chase and Wolverhampton in the County of Stafford; and for other Purposes.

313. An Act to authorize the Great Eastern Railway Company to make several Railways in and near the Metropolis in connexion with their existing Railway, and to purchase Lands for a Station in the City of London.

314. An Act to enable the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to make new Lines of Railway in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex; to acquire additional Lands; and to acquire the Undertakings of certain other Companies; and for other Purposes.

315. An Act to enable the Metropolitan Railway Company to extend their Railway from Finsbury Circus to Trinity Square, Tower Hill; and for other Purposes.

316. An Act to enable the Neath and Brecon Railway Company to extend their Railway to the Central Wales Extension Railway, and to construct a Branch to the Banwen and Maesmarchog Collieries; and for other Purposes.

317. An Act to enable the Portpatrick Railway Company to alter certain of their Works; to increase their Capital; to make working Arrangements with certain Companies; and to use Portions of other Undertakings.

318. An Act to enable the Portpatrick Railway Company to establish Communication by Steam Vessels between Portpatrick and Donaghadee and between Stranraer and Belfast and Larne.

319. An Act to authorize the Construction of Docks, and a Branch Railway and other Works, at Exmouth in the County of Devon; and for other Purposes.

320. An Act to authorize the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company to run Steam and other Vessels between Great Grimsby and certain Foreign Ports.

321. An Act for making Railways and Tramways in and near the City of Dublin.

323. An Act for authorizing the Completion of an Inner Circle of Railways North of the Thames.

323. An Act for making Railways from the Hampstead Road to the Charing Cross Railway at Hungerford, with a Branch to the London and North-western Railway; and for making new Streets from Tottenham Court Road to Chandos Street, Strand, and from the Strand to Duke Street; and for other Purposes.

324. An Act to make Provision for the Assessment of Damages claimed against the Sheffield Waterworks Company in consequence of an Inundation caused by the giving way of the Embankment of One of the Reservoirs of the Company; and to enable the Company to raise further Money, and to increase their Water Rents; and for other Purposes.

325. An Act for making and maintaining "The Tooting, Merton, and Wimbledon Extension Railway;" and for other Purposes.

326. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Pier at Aldborough in the County of Suffolk, and of a Railway therefrom to the Great Eastern Railway at Aldborough, with a Branch Railway to Slaughden; and for other Purposes.

327. An Act for making a Railway from the authorized Line of Railway from Ryde to Lower Shanklin, near Yar Bridge, to Bembridge Point, with a Pier or Landing Place there, and a Tramway from the said intended Railway to Bembridge Down, all in the Parish of Brading in the Isle of Wight; to authorize Arrangements with the Isle of Wight Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

328. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways or Tramways from the Town of Holywell to Greenfield in the County of Flint, and to the Holywell Station of the Chester and Holyhead Railway; and for other Purposes.

329. An Act for making a Railway from the Great Southern and Western Railway in the Parish of Naas and County of Kildare to the Town of Baltinglass in the County of Wicklow; and for other Purposes.

