Local Acts passed in 1865, 28 & 29 Victoria c.1 - c.382.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1865.
---

1. An Act to enable the Coln Valley and Halstead Railway Company to increase their Capital.

2. An Act to regulate the Mode of Valuation of the underground Pipes or Works in the City of Glasgow belonging to the City and Suburban Gas Company of Glasgow, for the Purpose of Assessment under "The Glasgow Police Act, 1862."

3. An Act to enable the Metropolitan Board of Works to open a new Street in Whitechapel, and to remove Middle Row, Holborn, all in the County of Middlesex.

4. An Act to reduce the Capital and Borrowing Powers of the Mistley, Thorpe, and Walton Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

5. An Act to confer further Powers upon the Brighton, Hove, and Preston Constant Service Waterworks Company.

6. An Act to enable the Rossendale Union Gas Company to raise additional Capital.

7. An Act to dissolve the Union subsisting between the Visitors of the Lunatic Asylum for the Counties of Leicester and Rutland and the Corporation of the Borough of Leicester, for the Admission of Lunatic Paupers from the said Borough into the said Asylum, and to empower the said Corporation to provide a separate Asylum; and to authorize the Corporation to establish a Market for the Sale of Hay and other Commodities, in lieu of the existing Market; and to extend the Powers of the said Corporation with respect to Streets in the said Borough; and for other Purposes.

8. An Act for making an Embankment on the South Shore of the River Shannon near to the City of Limerick; and for other Purposes.

9. An Act for authorizing the Local Board for the District of the Borough of Oswestry and the Liberties thereof to provide a better Supply of Water to the District, and to complete the Sewerage of the District, and to dispose of the Sewage for Irrigation; and for other Purposes.

10. An Act to repeal an Act for making, repairing, and improving certain Roads leading to and from Helston in the County of Cornwall, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes.

11. An Act to enable the Ramsbottom Gas Company to raise additional Capital.

12. An Act to authorize the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Bolton to construct an Aqueduct and other Works in connexion with the intended Wayoh Reservoir; and to make further Provisions for the Regulation of the Borough.

13. An Act for better supplying with Gas the Inhabitants of Redhill and of certain Places in the Neighbourhood thereof in the County of Surrey.

14. An Act to enable the South Metropolitan Gaslight and Coke Company to purchase additional Lands; to remove a Church in the Neighbourhood of their Works; and for other Purposes relating to the Company.

15. An Act for more effectually lighting Folkestone and its Neighbourhood with Gas.

16. An Act to incorporate the Banbury Water Company (Limited), and to make further Provision for the Supply of Water to the Town of Banbury and the Neighbourhood thereof.

17. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town of Luton in the County of Bedford.

18. An Act to enable the Athenry and Ennis Junction Railway Company to raise additional Capital, and for other Purposes.

19. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Poole to Bournemouth.

20. An Act to authorize the Construction of new and widening and altering of existing Streets and other Works and Improvements in the Borough of Liverpool; and for other Purposes.

21. An Act to vest in the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and the Lancashire Union Railways Company jointly certain Portions of Railway near Blackburn.

22. An Act to authorize the widening of the Blackpool Branch of the Preston and Wyre Railway; and for other Purposes.

23. An Act to incorporate a Company for making a Railway to be called the Luddenden Valley Railway; to authorize working and other Arrangements with the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company; to enable that Company to subscribe Capital; and for other Purposes.

24. An Act for incorporating the Fareham Gas and Coke Company; for the Increase and Regulation of their Capital; and for other Purposes.

25. An Act to extend the Limits within which the Bath Gaslight and Coke Company are authorized to supply Gas, and to enable the Company to construct a Railway or Tramway, to erect additional Works, to raise further Capital; and for other Purposes.

26. An Act for granting further Powers to the Bristol Waterworks Company, and for the Amendment of their existing Act.

27. An Act for the Improvement and Regulation of the proposed new Town of West Worthing in the Parish of Heene in the County of Sussex.

28. An Act to incorporate the Exmouth Gas, Coke, and Water Company (Limited), and to make further Provision for lighting the Town of Exmouth and certain neighbouring Places with Gas.

29. An Act to enable the Shrewsbury and North Wales Railway Company to raise further Sums, and to divide their Shares, and to make Deviations and Alterations in their authorized Line of Railway; and for other Purposes.

30. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the East and West India Dock Company.

31. An Act to authorize the Metropolitan and Saint John's Wood Railway Company to extend their Railway to Hampstead; and for other Purposes.

32. An Act to enable "The Crystal Palace District Gas Company" to raise additional Capital.

33. An Act to enable the Corporation of Bristol to improve the River Avon and the Docks of Bristol.

34. An Act for better supplying with Water the Borough of Saint Alban and the Parishes and Places of Saint Albans, Saint Peter, Saint Michael, Saint Stephen, and Saundridge, all in the County of Hertford.

35. An Act for enabling the Tyldesley with Shakerley Local Board to supply Gras in their District, and in adjoining Places; and for other Purposes.

36. An Act to confer further Powers upon the Chesterfield Waterworks and Gaslight Company.

37. An Act to authorize the Carmarthen and Cardigan Railway Company to form into separate Capitals the Capitals authorized to be raised by the Carmarthen and Cardigan Railway Acts, 1862 and 1863; and to extend the Times granted by the said Acts for the Purchase of Lands and Execution of Works.

38. An Act for the Supply of the City of Winchester and its Neighbourhood with Water and with Gas, and for incorporating into One Company The Winchester Waterworks Company (Limited) and The Winchester Gaslight and Coke Company.

39. An Act for conferring further Powers on the Lostwithiel and Fowey Railway Company in relation to their Capital, and for other Purposes.

40. An Act to define the Capital of the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company; to enable the Company to create Preference Shares; and for other Purposes.

41. An Act for enabling the Buckfastleigh, Totnes, and South Devon Railway Company to extend their Railway to Ashburton; and for other Purposes.

41. An Act to confirm an Agreement between the Bristol and Exeter Railway Company and the Devon and Somerset Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

43. An Act to enable the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to create Debenture Stock.

44. An Act to enable the Kington and Eardisley Railway Company to divide their Shares, and for other Purposes.

45. An Act to grant further Powers to the Stafford and Uttoxeter Railway Company.

46. An Act for enabling the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin to lay down and maintain Tramways on the Quays and elsewhere at Dublin; for amending the Acts relating to the Corporation; and for other Purposes.

47. An Act for better supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Townships of Runcorn, Weston, and Halton, in the Parish of Runcorn in the County of Chester.

48. An Act to empower the Glasgow and South-western Railway Company to contribute Funds towards and hold Shares in the Undertaking of the City of Glasgow Union Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

49. An Act for incorporating the Rastrick Gas Company, Limited, and extending their Powers; and for other Purposes.

50. An Act to enable the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to make new Railways from Saint Leonards to their Ouse Valley and Tunbridge Wells and Eastbourne Lines, and Deviations in those Lines; and for other Purposes.

51. An Act for the Construction of Railways to connect, by means of the Thames Tunnely certain Railways on the Surrey Side of the River Thames with certain Railways on the Middlesex Side of the said River, to be called "The East London Railway;" and for other Purposes.

52. An Act for incorporating and granting other Powers to "The Birstal Gaslight Company."

53. An Act to enable the Bodmin Railway Company to extend their Railway to the Bodmin and Wadebridge Railway; to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

54. An Act to incorporate a Company for better supplying with Gas Littleborough in the Parish of Rochdale in the County of Lancaster, and the Neighbourhood thereof; and for other Purposes.

55. An Act for better lighting with Gas the District of Brierley Hill, and certain Parishes and Places adjacent thereto, in the Counties of Stafford and Worcester.

56. An Act to authorize the Newport Pagnell Railway Company to extend their Railway to Olney in the County of Bucks.

57. An Act to reconstitute the Preston Gas Company; to authorize them to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

58. An Act to amend an Act for building a new Chapel upon Portsmouth Common in the Parish of Portsea in the County of Southampton; and for other Purposes.

59. An Act to amend the "Galway Commissioners Waterworks Act, 1863."

60. An Act to transfer the Statute Labour Roads in the Burgh of Dundee to the Commissioners of Police of the said Burgh, and to provide for the Management and Maintenance of the said Roads.

61. An Act to incorporate a Company for making a Railway from the Darlington and Barnard Castle Branch of the North-eastern Railway near Gainford in the County of Durham to Forcett in the North Riding of the County of York; to authorize Working and other Arrangements with the North-eastern Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

62. An Act to authorize the Great Eastern Railway Company to make a Railway from their Saint Ives and March Railway at Somersham to the Ramsey Railway at Ramsey in the County of Huntingdon.

63. An Act for consolidating and amending the Acts relating to Markets and Slaughterhouses in Glasgow, and for other Purposes.

64. An Act to incorporate the Gosport Gas and Coke Company, and to make further Provision for lighting with Gas the Town of Gosport and certain Parishes and Places in the Neighbourhood thereof; and for other Purposes.

65. An Act to enable the Local Board of Health for the District of the Borough of Llanelly to construct Waterworks, and supply their District and adjoining Places with Water; and for other Purposes.

66. An Act to enable the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to make short Junction Railways to connect their existing and authorized Railways in the County of Surrey, and to acquire additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

67. An Act to restore the Exemption of Goods loaded or unloaded on the Lands or Docks of Robert Vyner Esquire, Part of and adjoining to the Great Float at Birkenhead, from the Payment of Dock Rates on Goods to the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board.

68. An Act to enable the Whitehaven Junction Railway Company to enlarge their Station Accommodation at Whitehaven; to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

69. An Act to authorize the Commissioners of the Glasgow Corporation Waterworks to construct a Bridge for carrying the Aqueduct from Loch Katrine to Glasgow over the River Endrick; to provide for the better Distribution of Water; and for other Purposes.

70. An Act to make better Provision respecting the Repayment of Money borrowed by the Corporation of Sunderland, and for other Purposes.

71. An Act for authorizing the Acquisition by the London and South-western Railway Company and the Devon and Somerset Railway Company of the Undertaking and Property of the Ilfracombe Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

72. An Act to grant various additional Powers to the North London Railway Company.

73. An Act to enable the Corporation of "The President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer, and Members of the School for the Indigent Blind" to sell and grant Leases of the Land belonging to them, and to purchase other Land, and for otherwise enabling them the better to carry out the Purposes of the said Corporation.

74. An Act to enable the Glasgow and South-western Railway Company to make new Railways between Kilmarnock and Glasgow, and for other Purposes.

75. An Act for better supplying the Township of Horsforth in the West Riding of the County of York with Water; and for other Purposes.

76. An Act for incorporating and granting other Powers to "The Drighlington and Gildersome Gaslight Company."

77. An Act to authorize the Liverpool United Gaslight Company to increase their Capital, and to purchase additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

78. An Act to extend for a further Period the Powers of the Wexford Harbour Embankment Company for the Completion of their Undertaking; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Company; and for other Purposes.

79. An Act to amend the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Company of Proprietors of the Stourbridge Navigation, and to confer further Powers on that Company; and for other Purposes.

80. An Act for more effectually maintaining and repairing several Roads adjoining or near to the Town of Great Torrington in the County of Devon; and for new Powers; and for other Purposes.

81. An Act for authorizing an Extension of the Corwen and Bala Railway; for abandoning Portions of the Corwen and Bala and Bala and Dolgelly Railways; and for other Purposes.

82. An Act to enable the Weald of Kent Railway Company to make a Deviation of their authorized Line of Railway; and for other Purposes.

83. An Act to vest the Carmyllie private Railway in the Scottish North-eastern Railway Company; Powers to that Company to take Tolls; raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

84. An Act to enable the Maryport and Carlisle Railway Company to construct "The Derwent Branch Railway;" to enlarge the Bull Gill Station; to purchase additional Lands; to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes,

85. An Act to empower the Port Talbot Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

86. An Act to enable the Whitehaven, Cleator, and Egremont Railway Company to make Branches and other Works, and to extend their Railway to Bigrigg Moor in the County of Cumberland; to raise further Capital; and for other Purposes.

87. An Act for authorizing the Construction of Railways in the County of Northumberland, to be called "The Hexham and Allendale Railway;" and for other Purposes.

88. An Act to authorize the Construction of Docks at King's Lynn, and for other Purposes relating to that Undertaking.

89. An Act for authorizing "The London and South-western Railway Company" to abandon the making of Lines of Railway at Kensington and Hammersmith, and to make other Lines of Railway instead thereof, and to make the "Chiswick Curve;" and for other Purposes.

90. An Act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Manchester to construct new Streets, enlarge Markets, improve the Channel of the River Medlock, and to effect further Improvements in the said City; and for other Purposes.

91. An Act to incorporate a Company for making a Railway from the South Durham and Lancashire Union Branch of North-eastern Railway at Lartington to Middleton in Teesdale; Working Arrangements with the North-eastern Railway Company; Powers to that Company to subscribe; and for other Purposes.

92. An Act for enabling the Agra and Masterman's Bank (Limited) to divide the original Shares of One hundred Pounds in the Capital of the Company into Two Shares of Fifty Pounds each.

93. An Act to extend the Time for completing the Aylesbury and Buckingham Railway; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

94. An Act to re-incorporate "The Gomersal Gaslight Company, Limited;" to authorize the raising of additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

95. An Act for establishing a Cattle Market at Market Drayton in the County of Salop.

96. An Act for granting further Powers to the Belfast Gaslight Company.

97. An Act to transfer to the Bristol and Exeter Railway Company the Powers of constructing and working the Cheddar Valley and Yatton Railway; to extend the Time for purchasing Lands; to authorize the Purchase of additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

98. An Act for a Joint Station at Bristol for the Great Western, Bristol and Exeter, and Midland Railway Companies; and for other Purposes.

99. An Act for enabling the Local Board of the Borough of Carnarvon to supply their District with Water.

100. An Act to enable the London and Blachwall Railway Company to lease their Undertaking to the Great Eastern Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

101. An Act to authorize the Hammersmith and City Railway Company to alter some of the Works connected with their Railway, and to purchase additional Lands, and to lease or transfer their Undertaking to the Great Western and Metropolitan Railway Companies; and for other Purposes.

102. An Act for authorizing the London and South-western Railway Company to make new Lines of Railway in Surrey, and for vesting in them Portions of Railways, and for authorizing Agreements between them and other Railway Companies, and for the raising by them of further Monies; and for other Purposes.

103. An Act for authorizing the London and South-western Railway Company to make and maintain a Railway from their Main Line of Railway at Pirbright by Aldershot to Farnham; and for other Purposes.

104. An Act for authorizing the London and South-western Railway Company to make and maintain a Railway from Bideford to Great Torrington, and for other Purposes.

105. An Act to authorize the Great Northern Railway Company to construct a Railway from Hornsey to their Hertford, Luton, and Dunstable Line near Hertford.

106. An Act for better supplying with Water the Towns of Kidderminster, Stourport, and Bewdley, and certain Parishes and Places adjacent thereto, in the County of Worcester.

107. An Act to empower the Ventnor Harbour Company to raise additional Capital.

108. An Act for more effectually paving, lighting, and improving the Town of Ross in the County of Hereford, for maintaining and providing Markets within such Town, and for supplying the same with Water; and other Purposes.

109. An Act for better supplying the Town of Rhyl and Places in the surrounding District with Water; and for other Purposes.

110. An Act for better supplying the Town of Gainsborough and the Neighbourhood thereof with Water; and for other Purposes.

111. An Act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to construct Branch Railways and other Works in the Counties of Durham and York; to acquire additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

112. An Act for supplying with Water the Burgh of Ayr and Places adjacent.

113. An Act to extend the Time for the Purchase of Lands for and Completion of the Sligo Extension of the Enniskillen, Bundoran, and Sligo Railway Company; and to enable the Company to raise further Money.

114. An Act to enable the Dublin and Antrim Junction Railway Company to create Preference Shares in lieu of unissued, surrendered, and forfeited Shares; and for other Purposes.

115. An Act to authorize the Enlargement and Maintenance of existing Waterworks in the Township of Glossop in the Parish of Glossop in the County of Derby, and the Construction of new Waterworks, and to authorize the Sale of such Waterworks, and the Purchase thereof; and for other Purposes.

116. An Act to authorize the Construction by the London and Blackwall Railway Company of Railways in the Parishes of Stepney, Poplar, and Limehouse, to be called The London, Blackwall, and Millwall Extension Railway;" to authorize Agreements with other Companies with reference thereto; and for other Purposes.

117. An Act to confer further Powers upon the Metropolitan Railway Company with reference to certain Works and Lands, and to authorize the Lease or Transfer of the Undertaking of the Hammersmith and City Railway Company, and Arrangements with other Parties; and for other Purposes.

118. An Act to authorize the Great Eastern Railway Company to make certain Railways in connexion with their Railways near the Metropolis, and to purchase Station Lands; and for other Purposes.

119. An Act to authorize the Hastings and St Leonards Gas Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

120. An Act to repeal and consolidate the Acts relating to the Exeter Gaslight and Coke Company and the Exeter Commercial Gaslight and Coke Company; and to confer further Powers on the Exeter Gaslight and Coke Company; and for other Purposes.

121. An Act for reclaiming from the Sea certain Lands on and near the Eastern and South-eastern Coast of Essex, for making Conduits from the North London Main discharging Sewers to the Coast of Essex; for utilizing the Sewage of North London; and for other Purposes.

122. An Act for making a Railway to connect Brean Down Harbour with existing Railways in the County of Somerset; and for other Purposes.

123. An Act to vary, extend, and consolidate the Powers of the Northern Assurance Company; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

124. An Act for the further Improvement of the Drainage and Navigation by the River Witham in the County of Lincoln, and for amending the Acts relating thereto; and for other Purposes.

125. An Act to authorize the North British Railway Company to make several Railways in the Parishes of Liberton, Lasswade, and elsewhere, in the County of Edinburgh; and to have Running Powers over the Esh Valley Railway; and for other Purposes.

126. An Act to authorize the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City and Borough of Ripon to purchase the Gasworks of the Ripon Gaslight Company, and to supply Gas within the said City and Borough and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the West and North Ridings of the County of York; and to preclude Questions as to the Style of the City and Borough, and the Name of the Corporation; and for other Purposes,

127. An Act to empower the West Sussex Junction Railway Company to make a Deviation from the authorized Line of their Railway; and for other Purposes.

128. An Act to repeal, and re-enact with Amendments, the Provisions of the Act relating to the Leamington Priors Gaslight and Coke Company; to extend the Limits of Supply thereby authorized; to authorize an Increase of Capital; and for other Purposes.

129. An Act for the Incorporation and better Regulation of the Affairs of the Assam Company.

130. An Act to extend the Kilrush and Kilkee Railway, and to grant further Time for Completion of the Works.

131. An Act to repeal the Acts relating to the Plymouth and Dartmoor Railway Company; to authorize the raising of additional Capital, and Arrangements with the South Devon Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

132. An Act for making a Railway from the Bristol and Exeter Railway at Tiverton to the Devon and Somerset Railway in the Parish of Morebath in the County of Devon, and for granting certain Powers to the Bristol and Exeter Railway Company with reference thereto.

133. An Act to authorize the Amalgamation of the Dunblane, Doune, and Callander Railway Company with the Scottish Central Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

134. An Act to authorize the Amalgamation of the Crieff Junction Railway Company with the Scottish Central Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

135. An Act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to make a Railway from Barrhead to Paisley, and to improve the Railway between Barrhead and Crofthead, all in the County of Renfrew; and for other Purposes.

136. An Act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to make a Branch Railway for connecting their Main Line near Dalmakeddar with the Dumfries, Lochmaben, and Lockerby Junction Railway near Shielhill in the County of Dumfries; and for other Purposes.

137. An Act to repeal, consolidate, and amend the Provisions of the Acts of Parliament relating to the Company of Merchants of the City of Edinburgh; and to enlarge the Powers of the said Company; to amend the Act relating to Daniel Stewart's Hospital; and for other Purposes.

138. An Act to extend the Limits for the Supply of Water, and to authorize the building of a Town Hall, by the Local Board of Health for the District of Merthyr Tydfil; and for other Purposes.

139. An Act for making a Railway from the Caledonian Railway at Crofthead to Kilmarnock, with a Branch to Beith, in the Counties of Renfrew and Ayr; and for other Purposes.

140. An Act for the Extension of the Boundaries of the Municipal Borough and District of Halifax, and otherwise improving the said Borough; to amend and extend the several Powers of the Acts relating thereto; and for other Purposes.

141. An Act to extend the Limits of Supply of the Neath Water Company, and to authorize them to construct additional Works; and for other Purposes.

142. An Act to enable the Southampton Gaslight and Coke Company to extend their Limits for the Supply of Gas, and to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

143. An Act to enable the Whitehaven and Furness Junction Railway Company to make Branches and other Works, and to extend their Railway from Millom in the County of Cumberland to join the Furness Railway in the Parish of Dalton in the County of Lancaster; to raise further Capital; and for other Purposes.

144. An Act to extend the Term and amend the Provisions of the Act relating to the Cromford and Belper Turnpike Road.

145. An Act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Manchester to construct new Works in connexion with their Waterworks; and for other Purposes.

146. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Pier in Morecambe Bay.

147. An Act for extending the Powers of "The Rickmansworth, Amersham, and Chesham Railway Company."

148. An Act for the Incorporation of the Ham Oyster Fishery Company, and for authorizing them to establish and maintain an Oyster Fishery near the North-east Coast of the Isle of Sheppey in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes.

149. An Act for authorizing the Okehampton Railway Company to make and maintain Extensions of their Railway to Bude in the County of Cornwall and to Great Torrington in the County of Devon respectively, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

150. An Act to authorize the vesting in the Great Eastern Railway Company of the Bishop Stortford, Dunmow, and Braintree Railway.

151. An Act to confer further Powers upon "The Metropolitan District Railway Company."

152. An Act to give Effect to an Agreement between the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh and the North British Railway Company with reference to the Fruit and Vegetable Market; and for the Enlargement of the North British Station at Edinburgh; and for other Purposes.

153. An Act to incorporate a Company for making "The Fareham and Netley Railway;" and for other Purposes.

154. An Act for authorizing the Teign Valley Railway Company to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

104. An Act for defining and consolidating the Undertaking and Mortgage Debt of "The Bristol Port Railway and Pier Company;" and for other Purposes.

156. An Act to authorize the Cork and Limerick Direct Railway Company to issue Preference Shares in lieu of cancelled Shares, and to create Debenture Stock; and for other Purposes.

157. An Act for authorizing the Isle of Wight Railway Company to provide and work Steam Vessels, and to provide Accommodation for Traffic thereby, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

158. An Act to authorize the Llanelly Railway and Dock Company to raise more Money.

159. An Act to enable the Mid-Wales Railway Company to make a Railway to join the Central Wales Railway; and for other Purposes.

160. An Act to amend the Provisions of the West Bromwich Improvement Act, 1854, and the West Bromwich Improvement Amendment Act, 1855.

161. An Act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to Balerno in the County of Edinburgh; and for other Purposes.

162. An Act for the better Management of the Marsh Estate of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Southampton; and for authorizing them to establish and maintain new Markets, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes,

163. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled "An Act for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Barnstaple in the County of Devon, and for making several new Lines of " Road connected therewith," and to grant more effectual Powers in lieu thereof; to convert into Turnpike Road Portions of existing Roads; and for other Purposes.

164. An Act to authorize the opening of certain new Streets in the Borough of Belfast, and to confer certain Powers upon a Company and the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Belfast for such Purposes.

165. An Act for empowering the Cheltenham Waterworks Company to extend their Works and Limits of Supply, and to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

166. An Act for granting certain Powers to the Crays Gaslight and Coke Company, Limited.

167. An Act to authorize the Amalgamation of the General Terminus and Glasgow Harbour Railway Company with the Caledonian Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

168. An Act to authorize the Consolidation into One Undertaking of the Inverness and Perth Junction and the Inverness and Aberdeen Junction Railways, and the Union into One Company of the Two Companies to which the said Railways respectively belong; to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the same Companies; and for other Purposes.

169. An Act for making a Railway from Bonar Bridge Railway Station at Ardgay in the County of Ross to Brora in the County of Sutherland, to be called "The Sutherland Railway;" and for other Purposes.

170. An Act to authorize the Carmarthen and Cardigan Railway Company to extend their Railway near Kidwelly in Carmarthenshire.

171. An Act to continue the Winchcomb District of Turnpike Roads Trust in the County of Gloucester; and for other Purposes.

172. An Act to enable the Mold and Denbigh Junction Railway Company to raise further Sums, and to divide their Shares, and to make Deviations and Alterations in their authorized Line of Railway; and for other Purposes.

173. An Act to authorize the Bishop's Castle Railway Company to extend their Railway to the Minsterley Branch of the Shrewsbury and Welshpool Railway in Shropshire; and for other Purposes.

174. An Act for transferring the New North Road or Parliamentary Road, Glasgow, to the Board of Police of Glasgow; and for other Purposes.

175. An Act for extending the Time for the Purchase of Lands and the Completion of the Railway authorized by "The Carnarvonshire Railway Act, 1862."

176. An Act for the Extension of the Wrexham, Mold, and Connah's Quay Railway to Farndon; and for other Purposes.

177. An Act to authorize the Stonehouse and Nailsworth Railway Company to extend their Railway from Dudbridge to the Great Western Railway at Stroud; and for other Purposes relating to the same Company.

178. An Act for authorizing the making by the Tottenham and Hampstead Junction Railway Company of Lines of Railway by way of Substitution for Lines of Railway already authorized to be made by them; and for authorizing Arrangements between them and the Great Eastern Railway Company and the Midland Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

179. An Act to enable the Furness Railway Company to construct new Lines of Railway, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

180. An Act for maintaining, improving, and managing the public Roads and Bridges in the County of Dumfries.

181. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Wolverhampton to Walsall, all in the County of Stafford.

182. An Act to authorize the Great Northern Railway Company to construct a Railway in Lincolnshire from Sleaford to Bourn.

183. An Act for separating for certain Purposes the Borough of Belfast from the County of Antrim; and for making better Provision respecting Contribution by the Borough towards the Expenses of the County; and for amending the Provisions of certain of the Acts relating to the Borough; and for other Purposes.

184. An Act to authorize the Great Eastern Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to consolidate certain of their Preference Stocks, and to confer Powers upon the said Company with reference to Lowestoft Harbour; and for other Purposes,

185. An Act for making a Railway from Presteign in the County of Radnor to join the Central Wales Railway in the Parish of Llangunllo, to be called "The Lugg Valley Railway;" and for other Purposes.

186. An Act to enable the Solway Junction Railway Company to make certain Deviations in their authorized Line; and for other Purposes.

187. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of "The Westminster Improvement and Incumbered Estate Act, 1861;" for winding up the Affairs of the Commission; for the compulsory Purchase of Lands and the Completion of the Improvements; Borrowing Power; and for other Purposes.

188. An Act for amending and extending the "Burnham Tidal Harbour Act, 1860," and for enlarging the Powers of the Burnham Tidal Harbour Company; and for other Purposes.

189. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town and Borough of Belfast and other Places, and for altering and amending the Constitution of the Corporation of the Belfast Water Commissioners; and for other Purposes.

190. An Act to enable the Denbigh, Ruthin, and Corwen Railway Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

191. An Act to authorize the Edgware, Highgate, and London Railway Company to construct a short Line of Railway to connect their Railway with the Tottenham and Hampstead Junction Railway; and for other Purposes.

192. An Act for making Railways from the Hammersmith and City Railway through Fulham to the North Shore of the River Thames; and for other Purposes.

193. An Act to empower the Lancashire Union Railways Company to construct an Extension Line to Saint Helens and other Branches in the County of Lancaster; and for other Purposes.

194. An Act to authorize the Lynn and Sutton Bridge Railway Company to execute certain Works at Sutton Bridge, and granting other Powers to the same Company.

195. An Act for the Improvement of the Town of Southport and the Neighbourhood thereof; and for other Purposes.

196. An Act authorizing the Sale or Transfer of Southwark Bridge.

197. An Act to authorize the Sunningdale and Cambridge Town Railway Company to make new Railways, and to use Part of the Railway of the South-eastern Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

198. An Act to authorize the Transfer to the Belfast, Holywood, and Bangor Railway Company of the Holywood Branch of the Belfast and County Dotcn Railway; and for other Purposes relating to such Transfer.

199. An Act to extend the Time for the compulsory Purchase of Lands for Part of the Undertaking of the Sevenoaks, Maidstone, and Tunbridge Railway Company.

200. An Act to authorize the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company to form a Station on the College Lands at Glasgow, and to subscribe to and hold Shares in the City of Glasgow Union Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

201. An Act to authorize the Monkland Railways Company to make Branch Railways in the County of Lanark; and for other Purposes.

202. An Act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to make a Branch Railway for connecting their Railway with the North British Railway near Edinburgh; and for other Purposes.

203. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway, to be called "The Skipton and Wharfdale Railway."

204. An Act for a better Water Supply to Tunbridge Wells and Places near thereto; and for other Purposes.

205. An Act for the Amalgamation of the Ogmore Valley Railways Company and the Ely Valley Extension Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

206. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways from the Port Carlisle Railway to the River Caldew, and thence to the Goods Lines on the Southern Side of the Carlisle Citadel Station; and for other Purposes.

207. An Act for repairing the Road from the Guide Post below Haddon out of the Bakewell Turnpike Road into the Bentley and Ashbourne Turnpike Road, in the County of Derby; and for other Purposes.

208. An Act for amending the Metropolitan Market Act, 1857; and for other Purposes.

209. An Act for the Mansfield and Worksop Turnpike Road in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby.

210. An Act to give Effect to an Arrangement concerning the Contribution payable under certain Enactments by certain Baronies in Roscommon and Galway and the County of the Town of Galway to the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company.

211. An Act for conferring further Powers on the Swansea and Aberystwith Junction Railway Company.

212. An Act for maintaining the Public Roads and Bridges in the County of Wigtown.

213. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway across the Firth of Forth in connexion with the Edinburgh and Glasgow and North British Railways, and in completion of the improved Railway Route between Edinburgh and Perth across the Firth; also other Railways and Works; and for other Purposes.

214. An Act for the further improving of the Town of Blackpool and the rest of the Township of Layton with Warbrick in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "Blackpool Improvement Act, 1865."

215. An Act for continuing the Term of the Turnpike Roads from Brimington and Chesterfield in the County of Derby to the High Moors in the Parish of Brampton in the said County; and for other Purposes.

216. An Act to authorize the Great Northern Railway Company to construct certain short Lines of Railway at Newark, Spalding, Essendine, and Barkstone; and for other Purposes.

217. An Act to amalgamate the Monkland Railways Company with the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company.

218. An Act to authorize the Kidwelly and Llanelly Canal and Tramroad Company to stop up and discontinue the Use of their Canals, and to make a Railway from Burry Port in the Parish of Pembrey to join the Mountain Branch of the Llanelly Railway in the Parish of Llanarthney, Carmarthenshire, with Branches; to change the Name of the Company; and for other Purposes.

219. An Act to authorize the West Cornwall Railway Company to enter into Working Arrangements with other Companies, and to lease or sell their Railway; and for other Purposes.

220. An Act to empower the Belfast Central Railway Company to make a Line of Railway and a Tramway, and to empower the Belfast Harbour Commissioners to make a Tramway; and for other Purposes.

221. An Act to empower the Dublin Trunk Connecting Railway Company to make Junction and Deviation Railways; and for other Purposes.

222. An Act to authorize the Construction by the Dublin, Wicklow, and Wexford Railway Company of a Railway connecting their Railway with the Dublin and Kingstown Railway; and for other Purposes.

223. An Act for making a Railway from Dingwall to Kyle of Lochalsh, to be called "The Dingwall and Skye Railway;" and for other Purposes.

224. An Act for authorizing the Isle of Wight Railway Company to make additional Railways, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

225. An Act to enable the Saint Clement Danes Improvement Company to make certain Improvements in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes.

226. An Act to authorize the Stourbridge Railway Company to construct a Branch Railway to Stourbridge, and to raise additional Sums of Money for their original Railway and Extension Railway; and for other Purposes.

227. An Act for the better Regulation of the Rochester Oyster Fishery; and for other Purposes.

228. An Act for incorporating the Lymington River Company, and authorizing them to make Improvements of the lower Part of the Lymington River in connexion with the Lymington Docks, and to reclaim Mud Land opposite to the Docks; and for other Purposes.

229. An Act for enabling the Busby Railway Company to extend their Railway to the Village of East Kilbride in the County of Lanark; and for other Purposes.

230. An Act for the Incorporation of the Burnley Market Company; and for other Purposes.

231. An Act to revive and extend the Powers of the River Fergus Navigation and Embankment Company; and for authorizing the Company to embank and reclaim from the Sea other Waste Lands on the Sides of the River Fergus in the County of Clare; and for other Purposes.

232. An Act to enable the West Cork Railway Company to raise additional Capital; to maintain certain Portions of their Railway constructed beyond the authorized Limits; to extend the Time limited for Completion of Works; and for other Purposes.

233. An Act to incorporate a Company for making Railways in the County of Worcester, to be called the Halesowen and Bromsgrove Branch Railways; and for other Purposes.

234. An Act to incorporate a Company for making and maintaining a Railway from the Peterston Station of the South Wales Railway to Cadoxton-juxta-Barry, with a Branch to Sully, all in the County of Glamorgan; and for other Purposes.

235. An Act for supplying with Water the Town and Neighbourhood of Newtown in the County of Montgomery.

236. An Act for the Extension of the Hoylake Railway to New Brighton; and for other Purposes.

237. An Act to enable the Sidmouth Railway and Harbour Company to make and maintain a Branch from their authorized Railway in the Parish of Sidmouth; and for other Purposes.

238. An Act for making a Railway, to be called "The Spilsby and Firsby Railway;" and for other Purposes.

239. An Act to enable the Swansea Vale and Neath and Brecon Junction Railway Company to construct a Branch to Abercrave; and for other Purposes.

240. An Act for more effectually maintaining and keeping in repair the Roads, Highways, and Bridges in the County of Aberdeen; for making new Roads in the said County; and for other Purposes.

241. An Act to authorize the Bishop's Castle Railway Company to make Communications between their Railway and certain neighbouring Railways; and for other Purposes relating to their Undertaking.

242. An Act to abolish certain Restrictions as to the Use of the Connexion Railways of Messieurs Samuel Allsopp and Sons at Burton-upon-Trent, and to authorize them to construct additional Railways.

243. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway in the Town of Burton-upon-Trent; and for other Purposes.

244. An Act for incorporating a Company, and for making and maintaining the Hawes and Melmerby Railway; and for other Purposes.

245. An Act to enable the Glasgow and South-western Railway Company to construct new Railways in connexion with their Railways and the Kirkcudbright and Bridge of Weir Railways; and for other Purposes.

246. An Act to enable the Glasgow and South-western Railway Company to make and maintain certain Railways in the County of Ayr; and for other Purposes.

247. An Act to enable the City of Glasgow Union Railway Company to make Deviations of their authorized Railway; to construct a Railway to the Harbour of Glasgow; and for other Purposes.

248. An Act for amalgamating the Undertaking of the Marple New Mills and Hayfield Junction Railway Company with that of the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company; and for authorizing the last-mentioned Company to subscribe to the Undertaking of the Liverpool Central Station Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

249. An Act for authorizing the Construction of a Railway from the Great Eastern Railway at Mellis to Eye in the County of Suffolk; and for other Purposes.

250. An Act for the Improvement and better Government of the Borough of Newcastle-upon-Tyne; and for other Purposes.

251. An Act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to construct a Railway and Works in Leeds in the County of York; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

252. An Act to incorporate the Committee for managing the General Station at Perth, and to vest in such Committee the whole of that Station and other Works to be made Part thereof; to alter the Division and Appropriation thereof; to authorize the Enlargement and Improvement of that Station and the Construction of new Works; to enable the Committee to recover the Expense of Enlargement from the Companies interested in such Station, and to confer Powers and impose Liabilities on those Companies; and for other Purposes.

253. An Act to authorize the Joint Committee for managing the General Railway Station at Perth to lease or feu Part of the Ground within the Station Limits for an Hotel, or to erect an Hotel thereon; to enable the Companies interested in the said Station, or the Majority of them, to contribute to the Hotel; and for other Purposes.

254. An Act for regulating the Police, Lighting, Draining, and Improvement of the Burgh of Port-Glasgow; for supplying with Water the said Burgh and Places adjacent; and for other Purposes.

255. An Act to empower the South Devon Railway Company to make a Branch Railway at Exeter, and to confer upon them further Powers in relation to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies; and for other Purposes.

256. An Act for incorporating the South Northumberland Railway Company, and authorizing them to make and maintain the South Northumberland Railway; and for other Purposes.

257. An Act to enable the Torquay Gas Company to increase their Capital and extend their Works; and for other Purposes.

258. An Act for making a Railway from near the Waterloo Station of the London and South-western Railway to Whitehall; and for other Purposes.

259. An Act to enable the West Riding and Grimsby Railway Company to raise further Sums of Money; to extend the Time limited in respect of One of their authorized Branches; and for other Purposes.

260. An Act to enable the Wrexham and Minera Railway Company to make and maintain new Lines of Railway; and for other Purposes.

261. An Act to enable the Wrexham, Mold, and Connah's Quay Railway Company to extend their Railway to Connah's Quay; and for other Purposes.

262. An Act to stop up Part of an existing Road called Gloucester Road, formerly called Hogmore Lane, in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, and to vest the Site thereof in the Owners of adjoining Lands, and to make a new Road of greater Width in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes.

263. An Act for incorporating the Bude Canal and Launceston Junction Railway Company, and authorizing them to make and maintain the Bude Canal and Launceston Junction Railway; and for other Purposes.

264. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways from the Waterford and Limerick Railway at Clonmel to Lismore and Dungarvan; and for other Purposes.

265. An Act to enable the Dublin, Rathmines, Rathgar, Roundtown, Rathfarnham, and Rathcoole Railway Company to extend their Railway to Blesinton and in Dublin; and for other Purposes with relation to the same Railway.

266. An Act for making a Railway from the Town of Oban in the County of Argyle to the Dunblane, Doune, and Callander Railway near Callander in the County of Perth, with a Tramway to the Harbour of Oban; and for other Purposes.

267. An Act for making a new Railway Station at Leeds in the County of York; and for other Purposes.

268. An Act to provide for a Contribution by the London and South-western Railway Company to the Undertaking of the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company, and for the User by them of Part of that Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

269. An Act to authorize the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company to make connecting Railways, and to widen Parts of their existing Railways in Surrey, and to acquire additional Lands; to provide for the Abandonment of a Railway authorized by the "Crystal Palace and South London Junction Railway Act, 1862;" and for other Purposes.

270. An Act for making a Railway from Stratford-on-Avon to Worcester; and for other Purposes.

271. An Act to enable the Mold and Denbigh Junction Railway Company to make certain new Lines of Railway, and to abandon a Portion of their authorized Railway; and for other Purposes.

272. An Act for making a Railway from Scarborough to Whitby.

273. An Act for the Dissolution of the Tooting, Merton, and Wimbledon Railway Company, and for vesting their Undertaking, Railway, and Property in the London and Southwestern Railway Company and the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company; and for authorizing the making and maintaining of a Junction Line of Railway at Wimbledon between the London and South-western Railway and the Tooting, Merton, and Wimbledon Railway; and for other Purposes.

274. An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Tyne Improvement Commissioners, and to facilitate the Construction of the Tynemouth Docks; and for other Purposes.

275. An Act for enabling the West Yorkshire Railway Company to raise further Money; and for other Purposes.

276. An Act for making a Railway from the West Midland Railway to the Coleford, Monmouth, Usk, and Pontypool Railway; and for other Purposes.

277. An Act to authorize the Abandonment of the Wem Branch of the Cambrian Railways Company, and a Transfer of the Company's Agreement to work the Aberystwith and Welsh Coast Railway to Thomas Savin, and a Lease of the Company's Undertaking to the said Thomas Savin.

278. An Act to make further Provision for the Prevention of Accidents from Gunpowder in the River Mersey and in the Borough of Liverpool; and for other Purposes.

279. An Act for making a Railway from the Deeside Railway Extension at Charleston of Aboyne to the Bridge of Gairn, to be called "The Aboyne and Braemar Railway."

280. An Act for authorizing the Sale by the Assignees in Bankruptcy of the Estate and Effects of the Bagenalstown and Wexford Railway Company of their Line of Railway and all other their Property, together with the Rights, Powers, Authorities, and Privileges of the said Company, and for the Dissolution of the said Company.

281. An Act for authorizing the Monmouthshire Railway and Canal Company to execute additional Works; to acquire the Brecon and Abergavenny Canal; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes relating to the same Company.

282. An Act for authorizing the Sidmouth and Budleigh Salterton Railway Company to make and maintain a Deviation of their authorized Line in the County of Devon; and for other Purposes.

283. An Act to enable the Aberystwith and Welsh Coast Railway Company to deviate from some of its authorized Lines; to make certain Extensions at Portmadoc Harbour, Aberdovey, and Cerig-y-Penrhyn; and for other Purposes.

284. An Act to empower the Brecon and Llandovery Junction Railway Company to make a Deviation of Part of their authorized Railway; and for other Purposes.

285. An Act for the Consolidation of the Capitals and Undertakings of the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway Company; to enable them to raise more Money, and to construct new Lines to Ivor and Dowlais, and a Diversion of the Cyfarthfa Deviation; to extend the Time for the Completion of Parts of their Railways; and for other Purposes.

286. An Act for granting certain Powers to the Bromley Gas Consumers Company, Limited.

287. An Act for the Amalgamation of the Scottish Central Railway Company with the Caledonian Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

288. An Act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to make and maintain certain Branch Railways, to supersede certain level Crossings, and to improve certain of their Stations and acquire additional Lands, in the Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, Edinburgh, Dumbarton, and Cumberland; and for other Purposes.

289. An Act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to make a Railway from their Line near Cleland in the County of Lanark to their Line near Mid-Calder in the County of Edinburgh, with Branches to the Mineral Fields and Works in that District; and for other Purposes.

290. An Act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to extend their Douglas Branch to Muirkirk in the Counties of Lanark and Ayr; and for other Purposes.

291. An Act to authorize the vesting of the Aberystwith and Welsh Coast Railway in the Cambrian Railways Company by Amalgamation.

292. An Act for making and maintaining the Chester and West Cheshire Junction Railway; and for other Purposes.

293. An Act for making a Railway from Coventry to the Southam Railway; and for other Purposes.

294. An Act for making a Railway from the Town of Crieff to Comrie, with a Railway connecting said Railway with the authorized Crieff and Methuen Junction Railway; and for other Purposes.

295. An Act to incorporate a Company for maintaining an existing Railway from Carreg Hylldrem in the County of Merioneth to Portmadoc in the County of Carnarvon, and making an Extension thereof.

296. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways to connect Deal and Walmer and Dover in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes.

297. An Act to authorize the Amalgamation of the Dumfries, Lochmaben, and Lockerby Junction Railway Company with the Caledonian Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

298. An Act for the Amalgamation of divers Railway Companies with the Glasgow and South-western Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

299. An Act for conferring further Powers on the Great Western Railway Company for the Construction of Works and the Acquisition of Lands, and otherwise in relation to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies and Persons; and for other Purposes.

300. An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions relating to the Police of the Town of Greenock; to authorize certain Improvements in the said Town; and for various other Purposes.

301. An Act for making Railways from Greenock to the Glasgow and South-western and Bridge of Weir Railways; and for other Purposes.

302. An Act to amend the Highbridge Markets and Gas Act; and for other Purposes.

303. An Act for making a Railway from the Westerfield Station near Ipswich of the Great Eastern Railway to Felixstow in the County of Suffolk; and for other Purposes.

304. An Act for authorizing the London and South-western Railway Company to make new Works; and for the Amalgamation with their Undertaking of the Undertakings of divers Railway Companies; and for authorizing Arrangements respecting divers Railways; and for regulating and increasing the Capital and Borrowing Powers of the London and South-western Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

305. An Act to authorize the Manchester and Milford Railway Company to make certain new Railways in substitution for Part of their authorized Railway and Aberystwith Branch; and to extend the Time for the Purchase of Lands and Completion of Part of their authorized Line; and to give various other Powers to the said Company and to other Railway Companies; and for other Purposes.

306. An Act for making a Railway from the Cemmes Road Station on the Cambrian Railway to near the Town of Dinas Mowddwy; and for other Purposes.

307. An Act to enable the Newry and Greenore Railway Company to make certain Deviations in their authorized Line, and to construct certain new Works; and for other Purposes.

308. An Act to provide for a complete Union of the Undertakings of the North British and Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Companies by Amalgamation; and for other Purposes,

309. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Pier at Burntisland and other Works by the North British Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

310. An Act for making Railways from the North London Railway to Alexandra Park, and to the Edgware, Highgate, and London Railway; and for other Purposes.

311. An Act for defining and extending the Powers of the Corporation of Oldham in relation to the Improvement of Streets in the Borough, and to Police and other Matters of local Government, and to Gas and Water Supply; and for other Purposes.

312. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway between Ross and Monmouth; and for other Purposes.

313. An Act for dividing the Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob in the City and County of Bristol; and for forming the Out-Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob into a distinct and separate Parish; for making further Provision as to the Election and Appointment of Overseers of the Poor for the said Out-Parish, and as to Churchwardens of the said Out-Parish; and for other Purposes.

314. An Act for the making and maintaining of Stapenhill Bridge over the River Trent near to the Town of Burton-upon-Trent, with Approaches thereto, and for the discontinuing of Stapenhill Ferry across the River; and for other Purposes.

315. An Act for making a Railway from near the Aberystwith and Welsh Coast Railway in the Parish of Towyn in the County of Merioneth to the Township of Maestrefnant in the Direction of Talyllyn, to be called "The Talyllyn Railway;" and for other Purposes.

316. An Act for authorizing the Vale of Neath Railway Company to raise further Monies; and for giving Effect to Agreements between them and the Aberdare Valley Railway Company and the London and North-western Railway Company respectively; and for other Purposes.

317. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Watchet to Minehead in the County of Somerset

318. An Act for making Railways in Wiltshire from the London and South-western Railway to the Berks and Hants Railway at Pewsey and Woodborough; and for other Purposes.

319. An Act to authorize Deviations in the Line of the Gloucester Extension of the Worcester, Dean Forest, and Monmouth Railway Company; and to enable the Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

320. An Act for authorizing the Construction of a Railway from Acton to Brentford; and for other Purposes.

321. An Act to authorize the West Riding and Grimsby Railway Company to construct a Railway from the South Yorkshire Railway to Lincoln; and for other Purposes.

322. An Act for incorporating a Company for making a Railway from Portmadoc to Beddgelert in the Counties of Carnarvon and Merioneth; and for other Purposes.

323. An Act to enable the Bishop's Castle Railway Company to make Deviations in their authorized Railway, and a new Line in connexion therewith; to alter the Levels of their authorized Railway; and for other Purposes.

324. An Act for enabling the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway Company to acquire the Hereford, Hay, and Brecon Railway; and for other Purposes.

325. An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Docks and other Works at and near to Cardiff of the Trustees and others claiming under the Will of the late Marquess of Bute; for authorizing Arrangements with Railway and other Companies; and for other Purposes.

326. An Act to confer farther Powers upon the Carnarvon and Llanberis Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

327. An Act to vest in the Great Northern, the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire, and the Midland Railway Companies, jointly, the Stockport and Woodley Junction, the Stockport, Timperley, and Altrincham Junction, the Cheshire Midland, the West Cheshire, and the Garston and Liverpool Railways; and for other Purposes with respect to the said Undertakings.

328. An Act to authorize the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company to make a Railway from Glasgow to Coatbridge, and a Junction with the City of Glasgow Union Railway; and for other Purposes.

329. An Act for incorporating a Company for making a Railway, to be called "The Furness and Lancaster and Carlisle Union Railway;" and for other Purposes.

330. An Act for the Amalgamation of the Leeds, Bradford, and Halifax Junction Railway Company with the Great Northern Railway Company.

331. An Act for the Amalgamation of the West Yorkshire Railway Company with the Great Northern Railway Company.

332. An Act for conferring Powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company for the Construction of Branch Railways and Works and the Acquisition of Lands; and for other Purposes.

333. An Act for conferring additional Powers on the London and North-western Railway Company in relation to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies in England; and for other Purposes.

334. An Act for conferring additional Powers on the London and North-western Railway Company in relation to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies in Wales; and for other Purposes.

335. An Act for conferring additional Powers on the Midland Railway Company for the Construction of Works, and otherwise in relation to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies; and for other Purposes.

336. An Act to repeal the Act relating to the Moses Gate and Ringley Branch Turnpike Roads, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof; and to authorize new Works; and for other Purposes.

337. An Act to authorize the Widening and Extension of the Nantlle Railway; and for other Purposes.

338. An Act for making a Railway from Christian Malford in the County of Wilts to Beachingstoke in the same County.

339. An Act to authorize the North Staffordshire Railway Company to construct certain Railways forming a Loop Line of Railway in the Staffordshire Potteries; and for other Purposes.

340. An Act for authorizing the Peterborough, Wisbeach, and Sutton Railway Company to extend their Railway to Crowland; and for other Purposes.

341. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways in the County of Salop, to be called "The Shrewsbury and Potteries Junction Railway;" and for other Purposes.

342. An Act for authorizing the Sirhowy Railway Company to construct a Railway in substitution for the authorized Extension of their Railway to the Merthyr, Tredegar, and Abergavenny Railway, and to deviate their authorized Railway in the Parish of Bedwellty, and to use Parts of the Merthyr, Tredegar, and Abergavenny Railway; and for confirming the Mode in which certain Roads have been crossed or diverted by the Company; and for suspending the Operation of certain Provisions of "The Sirhowy Railway Act, 1860," as to Passenger Trains to be run upon the Railways of the Company and the Monmouthshire Railway; and for other Purposes.

343. An Act for authorizing "The South-eastern Railway Company" to make new Lines of Railway by way of Extensions of their Railway at Greenwich, Woolwich, and Cranbrook respectively; to acquire additional Lands; to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

344. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway in Essex, to be called the "South Essex Railway."

345. An Act to authorize the Strathspey Railway Company to extend their Railway; and for other Purposes.

346. An Act to authorize the Ryde Pier Company to construct certain Tramways at Ryde in the Isle of Wight; and for other Purposes.

347. An Act to authorize the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company to make a short connecting Railway at Beckenham, and to abandon certain authorized Lines; to make Provisions as to the working of their Traffic and that of the South-eastern Railway Company; to confer further Powers with reference to the Kent Coast Railway, and Exemptions from Dues and Privileges at Broadstairs, Ramsgate, and Margate; and for other Purposes.

348. An Act for authorizing the Construction of Railways from Bury St. Edmunds in the County of Suffolk to Thetford in the County of Norfolk; and for other Purposes.

349. An Act to authorize the Llanelly Railway and Dock Company to extend their Railway to the Mumbles.

350. An Act for making a Railway from Navan in the County of Meath to Kingscourt in the County of Cavan.

351. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways from Waterford to Dungarvan in the County of Waterford, and from Lismore in the County of Waterford to Fermoy in the County of Cork; and for other Purposes.

352. An Act to confer further Powers upon the Carmarthenshire Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

353. An Act for making a Railway from the Great Southern and Western Railway at Thurles to Clonmel.

354. An Act to enable the Chichester and Midhurst Railway Company to extend their Railway to the London and South-western Railway near Haslemere; and for other Purposes.

355. An Act for making and maintaining "The Bedford and Northampton Railway;" and for other Purposes.

356. An Act for making an Extension of the Blane Valley Railway in the County of Stirling, and a Diversion of Part of the said Railway; and for other Purposes.

357. An Act for the Extension of the Drayton Junction Railway to Bettisfield; and for other Purposes.

358. An Act for making a Railway from Girvan in the County of Ayr to East Challoch in the County of Wigtown; and for other Purposes.

359. An Act for enabling the Midland Railway Company to construct Railways from Mansfield to Southwell, and from Mansfield to Worksop, with a Branch to Staveley, and other Branches; and for other Purposes.

360. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway in the County of Monmouth, to be called the "Newport and Usk Railway;" and for other Purposes.

361. An Act to enable the Northampton and Banbury Junction Railway Company to make a Branch at Blisworth; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

362. An Act to enable the Northampton and Banbury Junction Railway Company to extend their Railway to Chipping Norton and Blockley; and for other Purposes,

363. An Act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to construct Branch Railways in the North Riding of Yorkshire, and abandon Portions of Railway; and for other Purposes.

364. An Act for making Railways from the Newport, Abergavenny, and Hereford Line of the Great Western Railway Company at Pontypool to Caerleon, and to the Great Western Railway at or near Newport; and for other Purposes.

365. An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Regents Canal to improve their Limehouse Basin, and make a new Entrance thereto from the River Thames, and a Wharf on the Thames, and other Works, at Limehouse; for regulating their Capital, and authorizing them to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

366. An Act for making Railways in Gloucestershire to connect certain Railways on the East with Railways on the West of the River Severn; and for other Purposes.

367. An Act for incorporating a Company for making a Railway, to be called "The South Wales and Great Western Direct Railway;" and for other Purposes.

368. An Act for the Amalgamation of the Undertakings of the West Hartlepool Harbour and Railway Company and the Cleveland Railway Company with that of the North-eastern Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

369. An Act to incorporate a Company for making the Limerick and North Kerry Junction Railway; and for other Purposes.

370. An Act for authorizing the Bodmin and Wadebridge Railway Company to improve the Line of their Railway, and to abandon Portions thereof, and to raise further Monies; and for authorizing Arrangements between them and other Railway Companies; and for other Purposes.

371. An Act to enable the Mid-Wales Railway Company to make Extensions to the Westward, and to abandon the Formation of the Llangurig Branch authorized to be made by "The Mid-Wales Railway (Llangurig Branch, &c.) Act, 1863;" and for other Purposes.

372. An Act for authorizing the West London Docks and Warehouses Company to extend their Limits of Deviation; to divert or stop up Roads; to alter and vary their Rates and Duties and Rates of Interest; to change their Name; to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

373. An Act for making a Railway from the Cornwall Railway near Saltash to the Tamar Kit Hill and Callington Railway at Callington in the County of Cornwall.

374. An Act for authorizing the Launceston, Bodmin, and Wadebridge Junction Railway Company to make an Extension Railway from the Bodmin and Wadebridge Junction Railway at Ruthern Bridge to the Cornwall Railway at Truro, and to raise further Monies; and for changing the Name of the Company; and for other Purposes.

375. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from the North Kent Railway to the Medway, and of a Pier in that River; and for other Purposes.

376. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway in the County of Glamorgan, to be called "The Afon Valley Railway;" and for other Purposes.

377. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Dock and other Works at or near Newport on the Western Side of the River Usk, to be called "The Alexandra Dock," and of Railways to connect the same with neighbouring Railways; and for other Purposes.

378. An Act for authorizing the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company to make a Railway to Liverpool; and for other Purposes.

379. An Act for making certain Railways from the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway to the East Grinstead, Groombridge, and Tunbridge Wells Railway, and to the Brighton, Uckfield, and Tunbridge Wells Railway; and for other Purposes.

380. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from the South Wales Railway to Fishguard Bay, and of a Harbour there; and for other Purposes.

381. An Act to extend the Time limited for the Purchase of Lands and Completion of Works by the Acts relating to the Waterford and Passage Railway Company.

382. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways in and near Dublin, to be called "The Dublin Metropolitan Junction Railways."

