Local Acts passed in 1868-9, 32 & 33 Victoria c.1-54.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 14, 1869.
---

1. An act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the West Middlesex Waterworks to raise a further sum of money; and for other purposes.

2. An act for better supplying with Water Brymbo and places adjacent in the county of Denbigh.

3. An act to amend the Acts relating to the London Necropolis and National Mausoleum Company; and for other purposes.

4. An act to authorize the Company of Proprietors of Lambeth Waterworks to raise further Money; and for other purposes.

5. An act for making a Railway from the East Lincolnshire line of the Great Northern Railway at Firsby to the town of Wainfleet All Saints, in the parts of Lindsey in the county of Lincoln; and for other purposes.

6. An act to enable the Crystal Palace Company to grant leases of certain portions of their land.

7. An act to alter and enlarge some of the powers of the Rock Life Assurance Company, and for other purposes.

8. An act for altering the vestry of the parish of Saint Giles Without Cripplegate within the liberties of the city of London, and for other purposes.

9. An act to amend “The Redheugh Bridge Act, 1866.”

10. An act to confer powers upon the Corporation of Grimsby as to the West Marshes, and the construction of a bridge over the Old Dock, and of other works at Grimsby; and for other purposes.

11. An act to authorize the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the borough of Leeds to improve the streets and becks, and to make other improvements in the said borough; and for other purposes.

12. An act for making better provision for the repair and improvement of Great Tower Hill; and for other purposes.

13. An act to confirm a Working Agreement between the Dublin and Meath Railway Company and the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company; and for other purposes.

14. An act to transfer the Harbour of Workington from the trustees thereof to the Right Honourable William Earl of Lonsdale; to authorize the improvement and extension of that harbour; and for other purposes.

15. An act for dissolving the Ilkley Gas Company (Limited) and re-incorporating the proprietors therein with others, and to give them further powers for supplying gas to Ilkley and the neighbourhood in the West Riding of the county of York; and for other purposes.

16. An act to subdivide the shares of the Imperial (Fire) Insurance Company, and for other purposes with respect to the future management of the same Company.

17. An act to sanction certain proceedings of the Harrogate Waterworks Company with reference to the construction of works and the raising of money, and to empower them to construct additional works and to raise further money; and for other purposes.

18. An act to consolidate, define, and regulate the Capital of the South Devon Railway Company; and for other purposes.

19. An act for making provision for the execution of the London Coal and Wine Duties Continuance Act, 1868, as far as it relates to the freeing from Toll of the following Bridges on the Thames; namely, Kew, Kingston-upon-Thames, Hampton Court, Walton-upon-Thames, and Staines; and Chingford Bridge and Tottenham Mills Bridges on the Lee; and for other purposes.

20. An act for authorizing the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to raise a further sum of money for the completion of the Holborn Valley Viaduct, and the streets and works connected therewith.

21. An act for making a railway from the Great Southern and Western Railway in the parish of Fermoy in the county of Cork to Lismore in the county of Waterford; and for other purposes.

22. An act to enable the West Ham Gas Company to increase their Capital, and for other purposes with respect to the same Company.

23. An act to alter the constitution of University College, London, and for other purposes relating to the said College.

24. An act to enable the Parochial Board of the parish of Edinburgh, and the Trustees of the Estate of Craiglockhart for behoof of said board, to obtain from the Edinburgh Water Company a supply of Water for the New Poorhouse, and other buildings in connexion therewith, erected or to be erected on the lands of Craiglockhart.

25. An act for dissolving the Manchester and Stockport Railway Company, and transferring their undertaking to the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire and Midland Railway Companies jointly; and for empowering the two last-mentioned companies jointly to make a short branch railway out of the Stockport and Woodley Junction Railway; and for authorizing a joint ownership by those two companies of the Newton and Compstall Railway and the Marple New Mills and Hayfield Junction Railway; and for granting running powers to the Midland Railway Company over parts of the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway; and for other purposes.

26. An act to enable the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company to acquire additional lands at Great Grimsby, in the county of Lincoln.

27. An act for empowering the Local Board of Melton Mowbray, in the county of Leicester, to provide a Cattle Market; and for conferring other powers on the Local Board; and for other purposes.

28. An act to authorize the Kent Coast Railway Company to provide for the payment of their mortgages by means of redeemable debenture stock.

29. An act for effecting an arrangement with respect to the mortgage and other Debts of the Enniskillen, Bundoran, and Sligo Railway Company; and for other purposes.

30. An act to make provision respecting the use of subways under the management of the Commissioners of Sewers of the City of London and the liberties thereof; and for other purposes.

31. An act to authorize the Great Yarmouth Waterworks Company to raise more Money, and for the Prevention of Waste and Misuse of the Company’s Water; and for other purposes.

32. An act for authorizing the Water Trust of Greenock to raise further Money; and for amending the provisions of the Acts relating to the Trust; and for other purposes.

33. An act for authorizing the Dumbarton Water Commissioners to make and maintain an additional storage reservoir and other works, and to give an increased supply of water; for dividing the burgh of Dumbarton into wards; and for other purposes.

34. An act to enable the West Somerset Mineral Railway Company to enter into a working agreement with and to grant a lease of their undertaking to the Ebbw Vale Steel, Iron, and Coal Company, limited; and for other purposes connected with their undertaking.

35. An act to extend the time for the purchase of lands and for the completion of the Hounslow and Metropolitan Railway.

36. An act for incorporating and granting farther powers to the Cleckheaton Gas Company.

37. An act to authorize “The Radcliffe and Pilkington Gas Company” to raise further monies by shares and by borrowing.

38. An act for enlarging the powers of the Consett Waterworks Company.

39. An act for better supplying with Gas the parish of Waltham Holy Cross in the county of Essex and the parish of Cheshunt in the county of Hertford; and for other purposes.

40. An act to authorize the King's Lynn Docks and Railway Company to connect their undertaking with the railways at Kings Lynn, to change the name of the company, and for other purposes with relation to the company.

41. An act for altering and enlarging the powers of the Launceston and South Devon Railway Company for raising money, and for vesting their undertaking in the South Devon Railway Company; and for other purposes.

42. An act for incorporating the Shotley Bridge and Consett District Gas Company; for enabling them to supply gas to parts of the parishes of Lanchester in the county of Durham; and Shotley in the county of Northumberland; and for other purposes.

43. An act for dissolving and re-incorporating the Darwen Waterworks and Reservoirs Company, and for enabling them to execute additional works and raise further capital; and for other purposes.

44. An act to extend the time limited for the completion of the Bridge and other works authorized by “The Albert Bridge Act, 1864," and for other purposes.

45. An act to provide for the disposition of the Workhouse Fund of the parish of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields in the county of Middlesex.

46. An act to incorporate Commissioners, and to vest in them the undertaking of the Dundee Water Company; and for other purposes.

47. An act for making a Railway from Stony Stratford in the county of Buckingham to the Woiverton station of the London and North-western Railway Company; and for other purposes.

48. An act to vest the Glasgow, Paisley, and Johnstone Canal in the Glasgow and South-western Railway Company, and to enable that company to guarantee the payment of dividends upon a portion of the share capital of the Greenock and Ayrshire Railway Company; and for other purposes.

49. An act for supplying with water the townships of Undermillbeck, Applethwaite, and Troutbeck, in the parish of Windermere in the county of Westmorland, and for conferring powers for that purpose on the Windermere District Gas Company; and for other purposes.

50. An act for supplying Bishops Stortford in the county of Hertford with water.

51. An act for better supplying with Gas and Water the town of Bridgend and neighbourhood in the county of Glamorgan, and for other purposes.

52. An act to enable the Midland Great Western Railway (of Ireland) Company to raise further Monies by borrowing.

53. An act for extending the time for the compulsory purchase of lands for, and for the completion of the authorized Railway of the London and South-western Railway Company from Bideford to Great Torrington.

54. An act to alter and extend the powers of the Accrington Gas and Waterworks Company in relation to their Waterworks; and for other purposes.

55. An act to enable the Spalding Waterworks Company to extend their works; and for other purposes with relation to the same company.

56. An act to extend the time for the purchase of lands and for the construction of the works authorized by “The Lymington Harbour and Docks Act, 1864.”

57. An act to extend the time for the purchase of lands and for the construction of the works authorized by The Medway Docks Act, 1866.

58. An act to transfer to and vest in the Corporation of Glasgow the undertakings of the Glasgow Gaslight Company and the City and Suburban Gas Company of Glasgow, and for other purposes.

59. An act to confirm a scheme under “The Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866.”

60. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863,” and the Acts amending the same.

61. An act for abandonment of the extension railways authorized by the Llynvi Valley Railway Act, 1866, and for extension of the times limited for purchase of lands and completion of works under that Act and the Ogmore Valley Railways Act, 1866, and for making better provision for application of capital and payment of debts of the Llynvi and Ogmore Railway Company; and for other purposes.

62. An act to grant further powers to the Metropolitan District Railway Company.

63. An act to confer further powers upon the Great Western and the Bristol and Exeter Railway Companies with respect to the Bristol Harbour Railway and Depot, and for other purposes.

64. An act to incorporate a Company to be called “The Barnstaple Gas Company;” to provide for the lighting of the town and parish of Barnstaple and adjoining places; and for other purposes.

65. An act to authorize the construction of a bridge over the river Crouch in Essex, to be called “The Cricksea Bridge.”

66. An act to authorize the Local Board of Oswaldtwistle, in the parish of Whalley, in the county of Lancaster, to make and supply Gas, and to confer various powers upon the said Local Board in reference to gas, water, and street improvements; and for other purposes.

67. An act for discontinuing the Chapelry District or new Parish of All Saints, Bishopsgate, in the city of London, as a separate district; for authorizing the appropriation of certain land in that district (provided by the Great Eastern Railway Company for a new Church in substitution of the existing Church) as sites for a Curate's Residence for the parish of Saint Botolph Without, Bishopsgate, and for Schools in lieu of the present Bishopsgate Ward Schools, and for a School Chapel; and for the regulation and management of such new Schools and School Chapel, and for authorizing certain monies to be applied in building the same; and for other purposes.

68. An act for conferring further powers upon the Pontefract Park Trustees and the Pontefract Street Commissioners respectively.

69. An act to extend the Edgware, Highgate, and London Railway to Harrow.

70. An act to confirm certain Orders made by the Board of Trade under The Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, relating to Donibristle (Firth of Forth), and the Holy Loch (Firth of Clyde).

71. An act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Cliftonville, Gillingham, Rosslare, Saint Just, Fowey, and Padstow.

72. An act for the amalgamation of the Surrey and Sussex Junction Railway Company with the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company; and for other purposes.

73. An act for the better regulation of the Harbour of Porthleven in Mount’s Bay in the county of Cornwall, and for other purposes.

74. An act for extending the boundaries of the Borough of Stockton, and for consolidating and amending the Acts in force in the Borough in relation to the management and improvement of Streets, and to Sewerage, and to Buildings, and to Police and other matters of local government; and for other purposes.

75. An act for conferring further power on the Buckfastleigh, Totnes, and South Devon Railway Company with reference to their authorized capital.

76. An act to enlarge the powers of the Llanelly Railway and Dock Company, and for other purposes.

77. An act to authorize the sale of Saint James' Chapel Hampstead Road, and the utilization of the residue of the property adjoining thereto, for the benefit of the parish of Saint James', Westminster; and for other purposes.

78. An act to extend the time for the purchase of lands for and for the construction of certain branch railways authorized by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (West Riding Branches, &c.) Act, 1866; to authorize the abandonment of a junction railway authorized by that Act; to confer further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway and the London and North-western Railway Companies with respect to certain undertakings vested in them jointly; and for other purposes.

79. An act to amend the “Ross Improvement Act, 1865.”

80. An act for authorizing the Scinde Railway Company to amalgamate their several undertakings, and to make further agreements with the Secretary of State in Council of India; and for other purposes.

81. An act to confer further powers on the City of Glasgow Union Railway Company, the Glasgow and South-western Railway Company, and the North British Railway Company.

82. An act for amending the Hartlepool Port and Harbour Act, 1855; for abandoning part of the works by that Act authorized; for the construction of other works; for the improvement and regulation of the Port and Harbour of Hartlepool; and for other purposes.

83. An act for conferring additional powers on the Midland Railway Company for the construction of new works; for extending the periods for the purchase of certain lands; and for the construction of certain authorized railways; and for other purposes.

84. An act for dissolving and re-incorporating the Proprietors of “The Maryport Gaslight Company (Limited);“ and for other purposes.

85. An act for the formation and improvement of Clontarf Township, comprising the districts of Clontarf, Dollymount, and Ballybough, in the barony of Coolock and county of Dublin.

86. An act for conferring further powers upon and for amending the Acts relating to the London and South-western Railway Company.

87. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the borough of Preston as a Municipal Corporation, and also as the Local Board of Health.

88. An act for re-incorporating and giving additional powers to the Brighton Aquarium Company, and for other purposes.

89. An act to authorize the Great Eastern Railway Company to abandon the construction of certain railways and to purchase lands for station purposes; also to enact certain provisions with respect to the Great Eastern Metropolitan Undertaking; and for other purposes.

90. An act for making better provision for the cure of souls within the original limits of the parish of Saint Mary, Newington, in the diocese of London.

91. An act for making a railway from the Great Western (South Wales) Railway near Whitland to Crymmych Arms in the county of Pembroke.

92. An act to extend the time for the completion of the East Norfolk Railway, and for other purposes.

93. An act for the abandonment of the railways authorized by “The Southsea Railway Act, 1867,” and for other purposes.

94. An act to authorize the construction of Street Tramways in certain parts of the Metropolis south of the River Thames, and for other purposes.

95. An act to authorize the construction of Street Tramways from Pimlico to Peckham and Greenwich, and for other purposes.

96. An act to extend the time for the purchase of lands, and for the completion of the Garstang and Knot End Railway, and for increasing the capital of the Garstang and Knot End Railway Company.

97. An act for enabling the Milford Improvement Commissioners to borrow further monies, and for other purposes.

98. An act for improving and completing a direct line of railway communication between Glasgow and Kilmarnock, via Crofthead, and for vesting the same in the Caledonian and Glasgow and South-western Railway Companies; and for abandoning the Kilmarnock Direct Railway; and for other purposes.

99. An act to authorize the Crystal Palace and South London Junction Railway Company to make a short Railway in the parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, in the county of Surrey; and for other purposes.

100. An act to consolidate and amend the several Acts relating to the Port and Harbour of Dublin and the Dublin Port and Docks Board; and for other purposes.

101. An act to authorize the construction of Street Tramways in certain parts of the Metropolis north of the River Thames, and for other purposes.

102. An act for supplying with Gas the towns of Aberdare and Aberaman and the parish of Aberdare, all in the county of Glamorgan.

103. An act for further improving the Navigation of the River Severn, and for amending and extending the Severn Navigation Acts; and for other purposes.

104. An act for better supplying with Gas the parishes of Walton-on-Thames and Weybridge in the county of Surrey, and for supplying the parish of Shepperton in the county of Middlesex; and for other purposes.

105. An act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to alter and abandon part of their authorized Gilling and Pickering Railway, and of their Port Clarence Branch, and to confer on the Company further powers in reference to other portions of their undertaking; and for other purposes.

106. An act to incorporate a Company for better supplying Milnrow, in the parish of Rochdale, in the county of Lancaster, and the neighbourhood thereof, with Gas; and for other purposes.

107. An act to dissolve the Cleveland Water Company (Limited) and re-incorporate the members thereof, and to make further provision for the supply of water to Saltburn-by-the-Sea, Skelton, and other places in Cleveland; and for other purposes.

108. An act for enabling the Dublin and Drogheda Railway Company to effect a communication between their railway and the works of the London and North-western Railway Company at the North Wall, Dublin; and for other purposes.

109. An act for conferring further powers on the Great Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and the undertakings of other Companies; and for other purposes.

110. An act for transferring to the Corporation of Huddersfield the undertaking of the Commissioners for the Huddersfield Waterworks, and for empowering the Corporation to construct additional Waterworks and to supply Water within extended limits; and for other purposes.

111. An act for arranging the affairs of the Bristol and North Somerset Railway Company, and for other purposes.

112. An act for better supplying with Water the towns of Walton, Weybridge, Chertsey, Byfleet, Cobham, and Shepperton, and the several parishes and places adjacent thereto, in the counties of Middlesex and Surrey; and for other purposes.

113. An act to revive and extend the time limited by “The Mid-Wales Railway (Western Extensions) Act, 1865,” for the compulsory purchase of lands and completion of works, and to abandon the formation of the Railways authorized by “The Mid-Wales Railway Act, 1864,“ and “The Mid-Wales Railway (Eastern Extension) Act, 1865,” respectively, and to enable the Mid-Wales Railway Company to use a portion of the Neath and Brecon Railway; and for other purposes.

114. An act for improving and maintaining the Harbour of Dundee and the Docks and Works connected therewith, and amending the Acts relating to the said Harbour; and for other purposes.

115. An act for conferring additional powers on the London and North-western Railway Company for the construction of new works, and in relation to their own undertaking and the undertakings of other Companies; and for other purposes.

116. An act to confer additional powers on the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company for the construction of works, and otherwise in relation to their own undertaking and the undertakings of other Companies; and for other purposes.

117. An act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Manchester to purchase additional lands for the purposes of their Waterworks, to widen and alter Deansgate, to acquire additional lands, and to raise further monies; and for other purposes.

118. An act for authorizing the construction of a Dry Dock and other works at Newport by and for conferring other powers upon the Newport Harbour Commissioners.

119. An act to confer various powers upon the North British Railway Company for the abandonment of certain railways and works, the purchase of lands for station purposes, and with respect to superfluous lands, deferred preference dividends, and other matters connected with their undertaking; and for other purposes.

120. An act to dissolve the Local Boards of the districts of Sutton and Parr, in the borough of Saint Helens in the county of Lancaster, and to repeal the Saint Helens Improvement Act, 1855, and to constitute the Corporation of the said borough the Local Authority therein for the improving and governing of the said borough; to enable the said Corporation to extend their Waterworks and to purchase the undertakings of the Saint Helens Waterworks Company and the Saint Helens Gas Company; and for other purposes.

121. An act to incorporate a Company for extending the Thetford and Watton Railway to the Great Eastern Railway at Swaffham in Norfolk.

122. An act for granting further powers to “The Oxford Gaslight and Coke Company.”

123. An act to confirm three Provisional Orders made by the Poor Law Board under the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1867, with reference to the city of Chester, the incorporated hundreds of Tunstead and Happing in the county of Norfolk, and the parish of Woolavington in the county of Sussex.

124. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under “The Local Government Act, 1858,” relating to the districts of Bideford, Bournemouth, Bowness, Bristol, Croydon (2), Fleetwood, Hanley, Harrogate, Litchurch, Litherland, Portsmouth, Rochdale, Ryde, and Worthing; and for other purposes relative to certain districts under that Act.

125. An act for better supplying with Water the parish of Dorking in the county of Surrey.

126. An act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to abandon certain authorized railways; for sanctioning the acquisition by that Company of certain land; for altering the mode of raising a portion of their authorized share capital; for authorizing the amalgamation of the Crieff and Methven Junction Railway Company with the Company, and agreements with other companies and parties; and for other purposes.

127. An act to form into a separate undertaking the Bude and Torrington Extensions of the Devon and Cornwall Railway Company, and to incorporate a Company for the making and maintaining thereof; and for other purposes.

128. An act to authorize the Imperial Gaslight and Coke Company to raise more money and purchase more land; and for other purposes.

129. An act for authorizing the Local Board of Health for the District of Keighley to make additional Waterworks, for extending the limits within which the Board may supply Water and Gas, for authorizing improvements in the town of Keighley; and for other purposes.

130. An act to increase the capital of the South Metropolitan Gaslight and Coke Company, and for other purposes with relation to the same Company.

131. An act for defining and extending the powers of the Corporation of Wolverhampton in relation to the Management of Streets in the Borough, and to Sewerage, and to Police and other matters of Local Government, and to Water Supply; and for other purposes.

132. An act to give further time for the completion of the Railways of the Dundalk and Greenore Railway Company and the joint works authorized by the Newry and Greenore Railway Act, 1863; and for other purposes.

133. An act to amend “The Towns Improvement (Ireland) Act, 1854,” so far as relates to the town of Kingstown; and for other purposes.

134. An act to enable the Metropolitan Board of Works to widen Hamilton Place and to extend the same into and improve Park Lane in the parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the county of Middlesex; and for other purposes.

135. An act to authorize the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the borough of Bradford, in the west riding of the county of York, to construct new Waterworks; and for other purposes.

136. An act to grant further powers to the Metropolitan Bailway Company.

137. An act to enable the Severn and Wye Railway and Canal Company to improve and extend their undertaking; and for other purposes with relation to the same Company.

138. An act for making a Railway from the North-eastern Railway at Richmond to Reeth in the north riding of the county of York; and for other purposes.

139. An act for better supplying with Water the borough of Truro in the county of Cornwall.

140. An act for the conversion of the Mortgages of the Hereford, Hay, and Brecon Railway Company into Debenture Stock; and for other purposes relating to the same Company.

141. An act for enabling the Festiniog Railway Company to widen and improve their railway, and to raise further money; and for other purposes.

142. An act to give further time for the completion of Brean Down Harbour, and for the compulsory purchase of lands for the Brean Down Docks; and for other purposes.

143. An act for making a Railway from Princes Risborough in the county of Buckingham to Watlington in the county of Oxford; and for other purposes.

144. An act to create and incorporate a Public Trust for supplying Water to the city of Edinburgh, town and port of Leith, town of Portobello, and districts and places adjacent; to transfer to the Trust the undertaking and powers of the Edinburgh Water Company; and for other purposes.

145. An act for vesting the undertaking of the Swansea Yale and Neath and Brecon Junction Railway Company in the Neath and Brecon Railway Company; for suspending legal proceedings against the Neath and Brecon Railway Company; for converting the mortgage and other debts into debenture stock; for raising money, and regulating the capital of that Company; and for other purposes.

146. An act for making a railway from the Ely, Haddenham, and Sutton Railway at Haddenham to the Great Eastern Railway at Longstanton; and for other purposes.

147. An act to make better provision for the Local Management of the borough of Sligo; and for dissolving the Town and Harbour Commissioners of Sligo, and vesting in the Corporation of the borough the powers of the Town Commissioners and incorporating a new body of Harbour Commissioners; and for empowering the Corporation to construct Waterworks and supply Water, and to acquire Gasworks and supply Gas; and for other purposes.

148. An act to incorporate a Company for constructing Docks, Warehouses, and other works in the parish of Holyhead in the county of Anglesea; and for other purposes.

149. An act to confirm Provisional Orders under “The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863,” and the Acts amending the same.

150. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under “The Local Government Act, 1858,” relating to the districts of Aberystwith, Ashton-under-Lyne, Bath, Cleckheaton, Crompton, Newport (Monmouthshire), Reading, Southport, Stalybridge, and Weston-super-Mare.

151. An act to authorize the abandonment of a certain portion of the railways authorized by the Ellesmere and Glyn Valley Railway Act, 1866, and an extension of time for the compulsory purchase of lands and the completion of other portions of the said railways; and for other purposes.

152. An act for making a Railway from Callington to Calstock in the county of Cornwall; and for other purposes.

153. An act to authorize the Wrexham, Mold, and Connah’s Quay Railway Company to raise a sum of money for their undertaking; and for other purposes.

154. An act for conferring further powers upon the Furness Railway Company for the construction of Works and the acquisition of Lands, and otherwise in relation to their undertaking; and for other purposes.

155. An act to extend the time for the purchase of lands for, and completion of, the Belgravia and South Kensington New Road; and for other purposes.

156. An act to authorize the construction of a Pier at Portobello in the county of Edinburgh.

157. An act for making and maintaining a Market in Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the county of Middlesex; and for other purposes.

158. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under “The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862,” relating to the Burgh of Broughty Ferry.

159. An act to authorize the inclosure of certain lands in pursuance of a report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

