Local Acts passed in 1870, 33 & 34 Victoria c.1 - c.177.
From The Public General Statutes, 1870.
---

1. An act to authorise the Chester United Gas Company to raise additional Capital.

2. An act for supplying the town and parish of Mansfield in the county of Nottingham with Water.

3. An act to enable the Runcorn, Weston, and Halton Waterworks Company to raise additional Capital.

4. An act for extending the powers of "The Leicester Lunatic Asylum and Improvement Act, 1865," and for other purposes.

5. An act for better supplying with Gas the borough of Newport and the parishes of Carisbrooke, Whippingham, and St. Nicholas in the Isle of Wight in the county of Southampton; and for other purposes.

6. An act to confirm certain Orders made by the Board of Trade under The Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, relating to Boston Deeps and Emsworth.

7. An act to consolidate into one ordinary Stock the separate ordinary Stocks and Shares in the North-eastern Railway Company, and to make other provisions consequent thereon, and in reference to the Share Capital of the Company; and for other purposes.

8. An act to ascertain and commute Commonable and certain other Rights in the Abbot's Wood in the Forest of Dean in Gloucestershire.

9. An act to authorise the abandonment of a portion of the Callander and Oban Railway, to extend the time for the completion of another portion thereof; and for other purposes.

10. An act for incorporating "The Airedale Gas Company," and for enabling them to supply Gas to parts of the townships of Idle and Ecdeshill, in the West Riding of Yorkshire.

11. An act for incorporating "the Kings Lynn Gas Company," and for enabling them to supply Gas to Kings Lynn and other places in Norfolk.

12. An act for incorporating the Wrexham Gaslight Company, with powers to supply the town of Wrexham and its neighbourhood with Gas; and for other purposes.

13. An act to authorise the construction of a Railway from the Midland Railway at Chesterfield to Brampton, and Branch Railways or Tramways connected therewith, in the county of Derby; and for other purposes.

14. An act to enable the Commissioners of Police of the Burgh of Broughty Ferry to purchase the Gasworks of the Broughty Ferry Gaslight Company, and to supply gas within the said Burgh and District.

15. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Asylum for Female Orphans.

16. An act to enable the Severn and Wye Railway and Canal Company to extend their railway to the Ross and Monmouth Railway near the River Wye.

17. An act to enable the local board for the district of Hyde, in the county palatine of Chester, to purchase the Hyde, Wemeth, and Newton Waterworks, and to confer upon them other powers with reference thereto.

18. An act for better supplying with Water the town and parish of Beccles, in the county of Suffolk.

19. An act to amend The Fylde Waterworks Act, 1861, to increase the capital of the Fylde Waterworks Company, to extend and define the limits of supply, to give power to alter the number of directors; and for other purposes.

20. An act to amend and extend the Acts relating to the Millwall Canal Company, to change the name of the Company; and for other purposes.

21. An act to alter and enlarge some of the powers of "The North British and Mercantile Insurance Company."

22. An act for better supplying with Water the parishes of Old Shoreham, New Shoreham, Kingston-by-Sea, Southwick, Portslade, and Aldrington, in the county of Sussex.

23. An act to amend and enlarge the Provisions of "The Southport Waterworks Act, 1854," "The Southport Waterworks Act, 1856," and "The Southport Waterworks Act, 1867," to make further and better Provision for supplying the town of Southport and the adjoining districts with Water; and for other purposes.

24. An act for dissolving the Yeadon Waterworks Company limited, and re-incorporating the Proprietors therein with others for more effectually supplying with Water the Township of Yeadon, and certain parts of the Township of Rawden, both in the Parish of Guiseley, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for other purposes.

25. An act to incorporate the Proprietors of the Chiltern Hills Spring Water Company (Limited), and granting them powers with reference to Supply of Water to the town of Aylesbury and the vicinity thereof; and other purposes.

26. An act to incorporate the Brecon Gas Company, and to enable them to supply the town of Brecon with gas; and for other purposes relating to the Company.

27. An act to confirm certain Orders made by the Board of Trade under The Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, relating to the Frith of Forth.

28. An act to confer further powers on the Wolverhampton and Walsall Railway Company.

29. An act to grant further powers to the Newport Pagnell Railway Company.

30. An act to incorporate the Eccleshill and Bolton Gas Company, Limited, and to make further provision for lighting certain parts of the townships of Eccleshill and Bolton with Gas; and for other purposes.

31. An act for the making of a Railway from Golspie to Helmsdale in the county of Sutherland, and for the abandonment of part of the authorised railway of the Sutherland Railway Company; and for other purposes.

32. An act to authorise the construction of a Bridge over the river Trent in the County of Nottingham, and Roads and Approaches thereto, to be called "the Gunthorpe Bridge."

33. An act to constitute a body of Commissioners, and to empower them to purchase certain shipping dues from His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales; and also to provide for the alteration and ultimate extinction of such shipping dues, and for raising moneys; and for other purposes.

34. An act to vest Fosdyke Bridge and certain property connected therewith in the inhabitants of the parts of Holland in Lincolnshire as a county bridge and county property.

35. An act for vesting in the Corporation of Paisley the supply of Gas to that town and the suburbs thereof; and for other purposes.

36. An act to confer various powers upon the Great Eastern Railway Company with respect to the Ramsey Branch of the said Company, and the Tendring Hundred Railway; and for other purposes.

37. An act for better raising and securing a Fund for the Widows and Children of the Officers, Agents, Clerks, and Porters of the Royal Bank of Scotland.

38. An act for dissolving the Saint Alban's Gas and Water Company, and re-incorporating the proprietors therein with others for more effectually supplying with Gas the borough of Saint Alban and other adjoining parishes and places; and for other purposes.

39. An act to extend the Time for the compulsory Purchase of Lands for the purposes of the North Metropolitan Railway Act, 1867.

40. An act for incorporating and granting further powers to the Hebden Bridge Gas Company.

41. An act for making a Railway from the Hawthomden station of the Peebles Railway to Penicuik in the county of Edinburgh; and for other purposes.

42. An act to amend two Acts for Repressing Juvenile Delinquency in the City of Glasgow.

43. An act to enable the Local Board for the District of Aberdare to erect Waterworks and supply Water; to purchase the Undertaking of the Aberdare Waterworks Company; and for other purposes.

44. An act for conferring various additional powers upon the Caledonian Railway Company; and for other purposes.

45. An act to empower the corporation of Northampton to establish Markets and Fairs; and for other purposes.

46. An act to authorise the Construction of the Edinburgh, Loanhead, and Roslin Railway.

47. An act to enable the Metropolitan and Saint John's Wood Railway Company to abandon the authorised Extension of their Railway to Hampstead; and for other purposes.

48. An act for authorising the Corporation of the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh to remove their infirmary buildings to a more suitable position, and to acquire for that purpose the site of George Watson's Hospital and adjacent lands; and for other purposes.

49. An act to extend the time for completing the works of the Milford Haven Dock and Railway Company; to lease the undertaking; and for other purposes.

50. An act for extending the time for the completion of the Bedford and Northampton Railway.

51. An act for enabling the Reading Gas Company to raise additional Capital; to construct new Works; for extending their Limits of Supply; and for other purposes.

52. An act for making alterations in the authorised Metropolitan Railways of the Great Eastern Railway Company, and for extending the time for the completion thereof; and for conferring upon that Company and upon certain other companies other powers in connexion with the said railways; and for other purposes.

53. An act for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the city and borough of Bath to more effectually supply with Water the city and borough of Bath; and for other purposes.

54. An act to authorise the Trustees of the Clyde Navigation to construct a Dock or Tidal Basin, Quays, Tramways, and other works at the Harbour of Glasgow; to abandon certain works, and to borrow additional money; and for other purposes.

55. An act to enlarge the powers of the East London Railway Company for the compulsory purchase of lands and for the completion of works, and to enable them to raise further money; to confirm and authorise agreements between the East London and other Railway Companies; and for other purposes.

56. An act for the transfer to the mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of the borough of Leeds of the undertakings of the Leeds Gaslight Company and the Leeds New Gas Company; and for other purposes.

57. An act for better supplying with Water the town of Ruabon and places adjacent, in the county of Denbigh.

58. An act to authorise the Limerick and Ennis Railway Company to cancel certain authorised but unissued Shares, and to borrow on Mortgage in lieu thereof, and to issue Debenture Stock; and for other purposes.

54. An act to authorise the Limerick and Foynes Railway Company to cancel certain authorised but unissued preference shares, and to borrow on mortgage in lieu thereof, and to issue debenture stock; and for other purposes.

60. An act to confer further powers on the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigations; and for other purposes.

61. An act to enable the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Company to extend and improve their works, to convert their existing capital into stock; and for other purposes.

62. An act to enlarge the powers of the London and Blackwall Railway Company, and to enable them to abandon certain Railways authorised by "The London, Blackwall, and Millwall Extension Railway Act, 1865."

63. An act for conferring additional powers on the Midland Railway Company for the construction of works, and for the raising of further capital; and for other purposes.

64. An act to extend the Limits and increase the Capital of the Shipley Gaslight Company; and for other purposes.

65. An act to authorise the construction a of Bridge over the River Ouse in the county of York, to be called "Cawood Bridge."

66. An act to authorise the Waterworks Commissioners of Kirkcaldy and Dysart to raise a further sum of money, and to amend "The Kirkcaldy and Dysart Waterworks Act, 1867" and for other purposes.

67. An act to extend the time for the completion of Stapenhill Bridge at Burton-upon-Trent.

68. An act for more effectually lighting with Gas Buxton and other places in Derbyshire.

69. An act to enable the Local Board for the district of Cleckheaton to make and supply Gas, and to purchase the undertaking of the Cleckheaton Gas Company, to confer other powers in relation to gas on the said Local Board; and for other purposes.

70. An act for granting further powers to the Imperial Continental Gas Association.

71. An act to enable the Great Northern Railway Company to abandon the construction of the Watford and Edgware Railway.

72. An act to authorise the Dare Valley Railway Company to raise additional capital, to abandon a portion of their authorised railway, and to lease their undertaking to the Taff Vale Railway Company; and for other purposes.

73. An act to authorise the Llantrissant and Taff Vale Junction Railway Company to abandon the construction of a certain railway authorised by "The Llantrissant and Taff Vale Junction Railway Act, 1866" and to extend the time for the completion of another railway authorised by the same Act; and to lease their undertaking to the Taff Vale Railway Company; and for other purposes.

74. An act for the revival of the powers and extension of the time for the compulsory purchase of lands and completion of the railway authorised by "The Girvan and Portpatrick Junction Railway Act, 1865," and also for enabling the Girvan and Portpatrick Junction Railway Company to divide and convert the shares in their capital into preferred and deferred shares; and for other purposes.

75. An act for extending the Limits within which the Cardiff Gaslight and Coke Company may supply Gas, and for empowering the Company to raise additional Capital; and for other purposes.

76. An act incorporating and conferring further powers on the Carmarthen Gas Company.

77. An act to incorporate a Company for better supplying with Gas and Water the township of Rainhill, in the parish of Prescot and county palatine of Lancaster; and for other purposes.

78. An act for the abandonment of the extension authorised by "The Blane Valley Railway Extension Act, 1865" and for other purposes.

79. An act for authorising the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and the London and North-western Railway Company to run Steam Vessels between Fleetwood and Belfast; and for other purposes.

80. An act for conferring powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company for the construction of a. railway and other works, and the acquisition of lands, in the west riding of the county of York and the county of Lancaster; and for other purposes.

81. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863," and the Acts amending the same.

82. An act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Alum Bay, Dartmouth, Ilfracombe, Penryn, and Walton-on-the-Naze.

83. An act for vesting in the Great Western Railway Company the undertaking of the Company of Proprietors of the Herefordshire and Gloucestershire Canal Navigation; and for other purposes.

84. An act for enabling the London and North-western and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Companies to alter and enlarge their station at Preston, and in connexion therewith to acquire lands and execute certain works, and for authorising Agreements between the Companies in reference to those and other matters; and for other purposes.

85. An act to incorporate the Colne Fishery Company, and to authorise the demise to them of the Fishery of the River Colne.

86. An act to enable the Dublin and Antrim Junction Railway Company to raise further moneys by borrowing; and for other purposes.

87. An act for carrying into effect Arrangements with respect to Commons parcel of the Manor of the City of Lincoln.

88. An act to make provision for supplying the Borough of Yeovil with Water; for amending "The Borough of Yeovil Extension and Improvement Act, 1854"; and for other purposes.

89. An act to extend for a further Period the Time for the Construction of a Portion of the Railway authorised by the Great Northern and Western (of Ireland) Railway Act, 1861; and for other purposes.

90. An act to authorise the Tyne Improvement Commissioners to collect certain Coal and other Dues now collected by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the borough of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and to apply the whole thereof to the Tyne Improvement Fund; and for other purposes.

91. An act to amend "The Edinburgh and Bathgate Railway Act, 1846," with respect to the Rents payable under the Lease thereby authorised; and for other purposes.

92. An act for the abandonment of the authorised street from the Thames Embankment below Charing Cross railway bridge to Wellington Street, Strand; and for other purposes.

93. An act for making further provision with respect to the Sanitary Condition of the Borough of Leeds; and for other purposes.

94. An act to enable the Metropolitan District Railway Company to make a Station near Bread Street, and for other purposes with respect to the same Company.

95. An act for amending and extending the Acts relating to the supply of Water and Gas in the borough of Halifax and its neighbourhood, and to the improvement of that borough; and for other purposes.

96. An act to enable the lord mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of Dublin to enlarge and extend portions of the Dublin Corporation Waterworks; to amend the Dublin Corporation Waterworks Acts, 1861, 1863, and 1866; to construct additional filter beds; to lay down additional mains or pipes; to consolidate their powers; to confirm agreements; and for other purposes.

97. An act to authorise the Belfast Harbour Commissioners to sell their surplus lands, and to make leases.

98. An act to enable the Sevenoaks, Maidstone, and Tunbridge Railway Company to make a deviation of their authorised railway; to extend the time for making a part of the same; and for other purposes.

99. An act to amalgamate the Atlantic Telegraph Company with the Anglo-American Telegraph Company, and to provide for the dissolution of the Atlantic Telegraph Company; and for other purposes.

100. An act for making Intercepting and Outfall Sewers for Brighton and certain neighbouring districts; and for other purposes.

101. An act to lease the Great Northern and Western (of Ireland) Railway to the Midland Great Western Railway (of Ireland) Company; and for other purposes.

102. An act for conferring additional powers upon the Company of Proprietors of the Skipton Waterworks with reference to their undertaking and the raising of money; and for other purposes.

103. An act to extend the time for the construction by the Metropolitan Railway Company of the Tower Hill Extension.

104. An act to authorise Alterations in the Stobcross Railways and other works; to confer Powers upon the Trustees of the Clyde Navigation and others in reference to the Stobcross undertaking; to extend the time for the Purchase of Land and completion of various Railways; to convert Port Edgar into a Harbour; to provide for the Conversion of the Leadburn Preference Stock into Ordinary Stock, and for the Consolidation of the Lien Stocks of the North British Railway Company; and for other purposes.

105. An act for enabling the North-eastern Railway Company to construct a railway from Leyburn to Hawes, and other works, and acquire additional lands; for the abandonment of the authorised Hawes and Melmerby Railway; and for vesting in the Company the undertaking of the West Durham Railway Company; and for other purposes.

106. An act for empowering the Brighton and Hove General Gas Company to construct works at or near New Shoreham Harbour, and to acquire a site for the same; and for other purposes.

107. An act to extend the time for the completion of the Railway and Works of the Navan and Kings Court Railway Company, to enable that Company to enter into working and other agreements with certain Companies; and for other purposes.

108. An act for the arrangement by Arbitration of the Affairs of the Newry and Armagh Railway Company.

109. An act for the Abandonment of the Railways authorised by "The Tottenham and Hampstead Junction Railway Act, 1865;" and for other purposes.

110. An act for making railways from Barnstaple to Ilfracombe; and for other purposes.

111. An act to enable the Downpatrick, Dundrum, and Newcastle Railway Company to grant a lease of their undertaking; and for other purposes.

112. An act for conferring additional powers on the London and North-western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and the undertakings of other Companies; and for other purposes.

113. An act for extending the limits of the district under the authority of the West Hartlepool Improvement Commissioners, and for making better provision for the improvement and government of the extended district; and for other purposes.

114. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the districts of Blackpool, Bristol, Eton, Heckmondwike, Kidderminster, Lincoln, Nottingham, Plymouth, South Molton, Wallasey, and Ware; and for other purposes relative to certain districts under the said Act.

115. An act to confirm Provisional Orders under "The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862," relating to the Burghs of Dunfermline and Perth.

116. An act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Jewish United Synagogues.

117. An act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for certain charities in the parishes of Saint Olave and Saint John in the borough of Southwark.

118. An act for conferring on the London and Northwestern Railway Company additional powers, and making further provision with respect to steam communication between Holyhead and Ireland; and for other purposes.

119. An act for supplying Littlehampton and certain adjacent parishes in the county of Sussex with Water.

120. An act for the better management of the Town Moor of the borough of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and for the further improvement and better government of the borough; and for other purposes.

121. An act to enable the Gaslight and Coke Company to purchase the undertaking of the Victoria Docks Gas Company; and for other purposes.

122. An act for authorising an Extension of the existing railway of the Midland Counties and South Wales Railway Company to the Buckinghamshire Railway, and for reviving the powers and extending the time for purchase of lands and construction of works authorised by a former Act of the Company; and for suspending legal proceedings against the Company; and for altering the financial arrangements of the Company; and for other purposes.

123. An act for extending the limits within which the Newcastle and Gateshead Water Company may supply water, and for empowering them to construct additional works, and to raise additional capital; and for other purposes.

124. An act to authorise the construction of a Subway under the Thames between Southwark and the City of London.

125. An act to extend the time for the completion of the Wandsworth Bridge and Approaches; and for other purposes.

126. An act to confer additional powers on the Dublin, Wicklow, and Wexford Railway Company for the construction of works and other matters relating to their undertaking; and to enable the Company and the London and North-western Railway Company to make traffic arrangements; and other purposes.

127. An act to enable the Pembroke and Tenby Railway Company to extend their railway to Pembroke Dockyard, and to make arrangements with the Admiralty; and for other purposes.

128. An act to authorise the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Waterworks to extend their limits of supply, to construct further works; and for other purposes.

129. An act for amending and extending the provisions of the Acts relating to the borough of Salford; for authorising certain street improvements; and for other purposes.

130. An act to authorise the Bristol and North Somerset Railway Company to deviate from the authorised line of their Railway at Radstock; and for other purposes.

131. An act for making better provision for the supply of Water to a district consisting of the boroughs of Ashton-under-Lyne and Stalybridge, and the district of the Dukinfield Local Board of Health, and their respective neighbourhoods; and for other purposes.

132. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the "Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867," relating to the Burgh of Fraserburgh.

133. An act for enabling the Local Board of Health in and for the District of the Borough of Reading to execute certain works for the Improvement of the Water Supply and Sewerage of the Borough, and the Drainage of Lands in and adjoining thereto; and for other purposes.

134. An act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of Lands, and completion of the Waterworks authorised by the Act relating to the Rotherham and Kimberworth Local Board of Health; and to authorise the said board to construct Gasworks, and to purchase the undertaking of the Rotherham Gaslight and Coke Company; and to authorise various agreements with respect to Water and Gas; and for other purposes.

135. An act to authorise the North British Railway Company to make railways and a bridge across the Tay near Dundee, to connect their system with the railways of the Caledonian Railway Company east and west of Dundee; and for other purposes.

136. An act to enable the Ryde Pier Company to extend their railway to the station of the Isle of Wight Railway at Ryde; and for other purposes relating thereto.

137. An act for granting further powers to "The Saint Helens Gas Company."

138. An act to incorporate a Company for establishing and holding a Market and Fairs in the town and parish of Thrapston, in the County of Northampton; and for other purposes.

139. An act to extend the powers of the Dublin Trunk Connecting Railway Company for the taking of Lands and completion of their undertaking, to change the name of the Company; and for other purposes.

140. An act for conferring further powers on the Great Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and the undertakings of other Companies; and for other purposes.

141. An act to extend the time for the purchase of lands and for the construction of the Halifax and Ovenden Junction Railway, and to vest the said railway in the Lancashire and Yorkshire and the Great Northern Railway Companies.

142. An act to amend the Exmouth Docks Act, 1864.

143. An act to extend and define the Limits of the Borough of Enniskillen; to enable the Commissioners for that Borough to construct Waterworks, and supply Water; and for other purposes.

144. An act for empowering the Corporation of Oldham to construct additional Waterworks and for extending their limits of supply of Water and Gas, and for amending The Oldham Borough Improvement Act, 1865; and for other purposes.

145. An act to authorise the Construction of Railways in the City of Worcester; and for other purposes.

146. An act to enable the Bury Saint Edmunds and Thetford Railway Company to make a Deviation in their authorised Railway; and for other purposes.

147. An act for empowering the South-eastern Railway Company to abandon certain authorised Lines, and for extending the time for purchase of Lands and Completion of Works of certain other Lines, and for making better provision respecting Hotels, and for amending the Company's Acts; and for other purposes.

148. An act to extend the time for purchase of Lands, and for the completion of the Harborne Railway.

149. An act for extending and amending the Acts relating to the Navigation and Conservancy of the Thames; and for other purposes.

150. An act to extend the time and continue the powers granted to the Halesowen and Bromsgrove Branch Railways Company for the compulsory purchase of Lands, and for the completion of Railways in the County of Worcester, and to authorise that Company to abandon a certain Railway in the same county; and for other purposes.

151. An act for extending the time for the completion of the authorised works of the Burnham Tidal Harbour Company.

152. An act for extending the time for the completion of the Teign Valley Railway, and for conferring additional powers upon the Teign Valley Railway Company; and for other purposes; and of which the short title is "Teign Valley Railway Act, 1870."

153. An act for making a Railway extending from the authorised Newport Railway to Long Craig, in the County of Fife; for abandoning the Newport Deviation Railway; and for other purposes.

154. An act to authorise the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to abandon the Worthing Junction and to make a short Railway for improving the communication with Eastbourne, and to acquire additional Lands, and to sanction Agreements between them and the South-eastern Railway Company; and for other purposes.

155. An act for making better provision for the Cure of Souls within the limits of the Parish of Leverington, and of certain adjacent Parishes, all in the County of Cambridge and the Diocese of Ely,

156. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Sewage Utilization Acts," relating to the district of East Barnet.

157. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Drainage of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1860," and the Acts amending the same.

158. An act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Falmouth, Irvine, Kinsale, Mousehole, St. Leonards-on-Sea, and Ventnor.

159. An act for confirming a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Burntisland.

160. An act to enable the Corporation of Blackburn to construct Works for Sewage Utilization; to acquire Lands for that purpose; to provide a Cattle Market; to improve the Borough; and to raise further Moneys; and to confer upon the Corporation, additional Powers; and for other purposes.

161. An act to give further time for the completion of the Works authorised by "The Alexandra (Newport) Dock Act, 1865" and for the compulsory purchase of Lands for the Railways by that Act authorised; and for other purposes.

162. An act for facilitating the Sale and Transfer of the Property or Undertaking of the Dagenham (Thames) Dock Company, in liquidation; and for other purposes.

163. An act for extending the Powers of the Newry and Greenore Railway Company.

164. An act for extending the time for the completion of the Poole and Bournemouth Railway, and of which the short title is "Poole and Bournemouth Railway Act, 1870."

165. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the district of Merthyr Tydfil.

166. An act for dissolving the Ellesmere and Glyn Valley Railway Company and reincorporating the same as "The Glyn Valley Tramway Company," with power to construct Tramways; and for other purposes.

167. An act to authorise the Pimlico, Peckham, and Greenwich Street Tramways Company to construct additional passing places and to convert certain of their authorised Tramways into double lines of Tramway; and for other purposes.

168. An act to authorise the Construction of Tramways from Birmingham in the county of Warwick to Handsworth, West Bromwich, and Tipton in the county of Stafford; and for other purposes.

169. An act to authorise the Construction of Tramways in the towns of Plymouth, Stonehouse, and Devonport, in the county of Devon; and for other purposes.

170. An act to authorise the Construction of Street Tramways in the Borough of Portsmouth; and for other purposes.

171. An act to authorise the Construction of Street Tramways in certain parts of the Metropolis; and for other purposes.

172. An act to empower the North Metropolitan Tramways Company to construct new Street Tramways; and for other purposes.

173. An act to authorise the Metropolitan Street Tramways Company to extend their Tramways; and for other purposes.

174. An act to authorise the Pimlico, Peckham, and Greenwich Street Tramways Company to extend their authorised Tramways; and for other purposes.

175. An act to authorise the Construction of Street Tramways in certain parts of the city of Glasgow and its suburbs; and for other purposes.

176. An act for enabling the Liverpool Tramways Company to make new Street Tramways in Toxteth Park, in extension of their authorised undertaking; and for other purposes.

177. An act to authorise the Construction of Street Tramways in certain parts of the Suburbs of Birmingham; and for other purposes.

