Private Acts passed in 1880, 43 & 44 Victoria c.1-211.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 16, 1880.
---

1. An act to enable the Edinburgh and District Water Trustees to borrow additional sums of money; and for other purposes.

2. An act to alter the Boundaries of certain of the existing Wards and to create new Wards in the city of Bristol; and for other purposes.

3. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863, and the Acts amending the same.

4. An act to authorise the Bury and Tottington District Railway Company to raise additional Capital; and for other purposes.

5. An act to provide for the Sale of a Burial Ground of the parish of Aston-juxta-Birmingham, situate in Liverpool Street, in the borough of Birmingham; and for other purposes.

6. An act to make provision with respect to Mortgages by the Municipal Commissioners of the Borough of Carrickfergus and the Carrickfergus Harbour Commissioners of their respective Properties for the improvement of Carrickfergus Harbour; and for other purposes.

7. An act to enable the Vestry of Saint Luke, Middlesex, to lease and otherwise deal with Surplus Lands acquired by them in making Street Improvements.

8. An act for amending some of the Provisions of the Cardiff Corporation Act, 1879, and for conferring Powers upon the Cardiff Waterworks Company; and for other purposes.

9. An act to enable the Chester United Gas Company to raise additional Capital.

10. An act for empowering the London and North-western Railway Company to construct a new railway to be called the Sutton Coldfield and Lichfield Railway; and for other purposes.

11. An act to enlarge the powers of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Glasgow as Trustees for carrying into effect the provisions of the Glasgow Improvements Acts of 1866 and 1871.

12. An act for the Abandonment of the Railway authorised by the Worcester and Aberystwith Junction Railway (Deviation) Act, 1877; and for other purposes.

13. An act for extending the time for the completion of the Llanelly and Mynydd Mawr Railway; and for other purposes.

14. An act to amend the Provisions of certain Acts relating to the Liverpool and Birkenhead Docks with regard to Byelaws; and for other purposes.

15. An act for the Abandonment of the Railway authorised by the Wednesfield and Wyrley Bank Railway Act, 1875.

16. An act to authorise the South London Tramways Company to construct additional Tramways; to raise further Money; and for other purposes.

17. An act to alter the provisions with respect to the dissolution of the Dukinfield and Denton Joint Gas Committee, and to make further provisions with respect to the supply of Gas to the townships of Denton and Haughton in the county of Lancaster; and for other purposes.

18. An act for granting further powers to the Swindon, Marlborough, and Andover Railway Company.

19. An act for the Abandonment of the Ely and Bury Saint Edmunds Railway.

20. An act to enlarge the powers of the Prescot Gas Company and for other purposes in connexion with their undertaking.

21. An act to authorise the construction of Waterworks for the supply of water to the Lunatic Asylum for the County Palatine of Lancaster, situate at Whittingham in the said county; and to enable the Justices of the Peace for the said county to provide necessary courts, offices, and lock-ups for the holding of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace within the hundred of West Derby in the said county.

22. An act to extend the time for the Purchase of Lands authorised by the Bristol and Portishead Pier and Railway Company's Act 1877, to be acquired and to authorise that Company to raise additional Capital; and for other purposes.

23. An act to authorise alterations of the Gauge of the Letterkenny Railway and of the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway, for extending the periods limited for the compulsory purchase of certain Lands by the Letterkenny Railway Company and for the completion of that Company's Railways to authorise Agreements between them and the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway Company; and for other purposes.

24. An act for further extending the time for the completion of Railway No 1 authorised by the Llantrissant and Taff Vale Junction Railway Act, 1866.

25. An act to extend certain powers of the Sligo, Leitrim and Northern Counties Railway Company; and for other purposes.

26. An act for extending the boundaries of the borough of Chepping Wycombe in the county of Buckingham; and for other purposes.

27. An act to authorise the Sutton Bridge Dock Company to construct new works at Sutton Bridge in the parts of Holland, in the county of Lincoln; and for other purposes.

28. An act for making further Provision with respect to certain officers of the city of Liverpool in the county of Lancaster; and for other purposes.

29. An act to empower the Mayor, Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Doncaster to construct additional Works, to acquire Lands and Easements for that purpose; and for other purposes.

30. An act to enable the Hendon Rural Sanitary Authority to make certain payments to the Local Board for the Hendon Local Government District out of the income of trust estates and funds vested in the Edgware Highway Board by the Metropolis (Kilburn and Harrow) Roads Act 1872, to vary the provisions of the said Act, to discharge the Hendon Rural Sanitary Authority from the obligation to maintain portions of a certain road, to impose on them the obligation to maintain another portion of the same road; and for other purposes

31. An act to establish and render valid certain Building Leases and a certain Agreement for a Building Lease of parts of the Estates of the Warden and Poor Men of the Hospital of the Holy and Undivided Trinity in East Greenwich, founded by Henry Howard, Earl of Northampton, commonly called Trinity Hospital, Greenwich.

32. An act for regulating the management of the Widows Fund of the Faculty of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow; for authorising a transfer of the Fund and its liabilities; for winding up the Fund; and for other purposes.

33. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, and the Public Health Act, 1875, relating to the Borough of Conway.

34. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Highways and Locomotives (Amendment) Act, 1878, relating to the county of Salop.

35. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863, and the Acts amending the same.

36. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Boroughs of Abingdon and Beverley, the Local Government District of Briton Ferry, the Borough of Burnley, the Local Government District of Buxton, the Borough of Cardigan, the Town of Hove, the City of Manchester, the Improvement Act District of Middleton and Tonge, the Boroughs of Newbury and Southport, the Improvement Act District of West Hartlepool, and the Local Government District of Wirksworth.

37. An act to confirm a Scheme under the Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866, and the Metropolitan Commons Amendment Act, 1869, relating to Staines Commons.

38. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the town of Ballinasloe; and to the Ballymacormick Burial Ground; and to the towns of Clonmel and Tralee; and to Waterworks in the town of Wicklow.

39. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, relating to the Burgh of Broughty Ferry.

40. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the towns of Banbridge, Monaghan, Thurles, and Trim, and to Waterworks in the town of Kinsale, and to the Skule Bog United District.

41. An act for the Abandonment of the Greencastle and Kilkeel Railway.

42. An act to authorise the Construction and Maintenance of a Sea Wall and other Works at Clacton-on-Sea in the county of Essex, and to provide for the Appointment of Commissioners for that purpose.

43. An act to extend the period limited for the compulsory purchase of lands for the Loose Valley Railway.

44. An act for the Incorporation of Trustees; for vesting in them Newry Port Harbour River and Canal Navigation; for enlarging and improving the same and making certain new Works in connexion therewith; and for other purposes.

45. An act to extend the Time for the Purchase of certain Lands and for the Construction of the Works authorised by the Milford Docks Acts, 1874 and 1875.

46. An act for conferring further Powers on the Eastbourne Gas Company for the Purchase of Land, the Construction of Works, the raising of Money, and otherwise in relation to their undertaking.

47. An act for granting further Powers to the Didcot, Newbury, and Southampton Junction Railway Company; and for other purposes.

48. An act for authorising the Construction of a Railway from the Gwinear Road Station of the West Cornwall Railway Company to Helston; and for other purposes.

49. An act to authorise the Bristol Port and Channel Dock Company to make a new Entrance into their Dock, and to confer further powers upon them.

50. An act for making a railway in the parishes of Beckenham, Wickham otherwise West Wickham, and Hayes, in the county of Kent; and for other purposes.

51. An act to incorporate a Company for establishing and holding Markets and Fairs and Slaughter-houses, and building a Town Hall in the Town of Aberdare, in the County of Glamorgan, and to authorise the Company to purchase the Undertaking of the Aberdare Market Company; and for other purposes.

52. An act for the revival of the powers for making and maintaining a Bridge across the River Severn at Shrewsbury, with Approaches thereto; and for other purposes.

53. An act for the abandonment of the Bridge authorised by the Stapenhill Bridge Act, 1865, and for the making and maintaining of another Bridge in lieu thereof; and for other purposes.

54. An act to amend the Corris, Machynlleth, and River Dovey Tramroad Act, 1858, and the Corris Railway Act, 1864, and to confer further powers upon the Corris Railway Company; and for other purposes.

55. An act for extending the time limited by the Swansea Harbour Act, 1874, for the completion of the Docks, Railways, and Works by that Act authorised, and for enabling the Earl of Jersey to act as a Harbour Trustee.

56. An act for the abandonment of the Cashel Extension Railway authorised by the Southern Railway (Extension and Further Powers) Act, 1873; and for other purposes.

57. An act to authorise the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Wakefield to construct certain Reservoirs and Waterworks, to contract their limits of supply; and for other purposes.

58. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Improvement Act District of Abergavenny (two), the Local Government Districts of Baldock, Bredbury, Bromsgrove, Cuckfield, and Ebbw Yale, the Hanley, Stoke, and Fenton Joint Hospital District, the Local Government District of Heckmondwike, the Borough of Pembroke, and the Local Government Districts of Swindon New Town, and Withington.

59. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Rural Sanitary Districts of the Amersham, Ashby-de-la-Zouch, and Basford Unions, the Borough of Chard; the Local Government District of Croydon, the Borough of Cheltenham, the Rural Sanitary District of the Hendon Union, the Local Government Districts of Hornesy and Leyton, the City of Lincoln, the Borough of Plymouth, the Local Government District of Redditch, the Rural Sanitary District of the Shardlow Union, and the Local Board of Health District of Woolwich.

60. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Poor Law Amendment Act, 1867, relating to the City of Canterbury, and an Order of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the parishes of Bepton, Chithurst, Famhurst, Iping, Kirdford, Linch, Linchmere, Lodsworth, Lurgashall, Selham, Stedham, Terwick, Trotton, and Woolbeding, and to the Tything of North Ambersham.

61. An act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Chew Magna Gas, Garstang Gas, Halstead Gas, Harrogate Gas, Holywell Gas, Long Eaton Gas, Trowbridge Gas, Broadstairs Water, East Blatchington and Seaford Water, Gisborough Water, Harrogate Water, Luton Water, Newhaven and Denton Water, Norwood (Middlesex) Water, and Pwllheli Water.

62. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Local Government District of Ashford, the Improvement Act District of Bournemouth, the Urban Sanitary District of Folkestone, the Local Government Districts of Ilfracombe and Mirfield, the Rural Sanitary District of the Reigate Union, and the Port of Wisbech.

63. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to a new Street in Dublin, and to Waterworks in the town of Fermoy.

64. An act to confirm the Provisional Order for the Regulation of certain Lands known as Abbotside Common, situate in the parish of Aysgarth, in the county of York, in pursuance of a report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

65. An act to authorise the Manchester and Milford Railway Company to abandon the Branch Railway to Devil's Bridge; and for other purposes.

66. An act for conferring further powers upon the Exmouth and Budleigh Salterton Waterworks Company; for the raising of further capital; and for other purposes.

67. An act for incorporating and conferring Powers on the Malton Gas Company.

68. An act to amend, vary, and extend the Powers of the Caledonian Insurance Company, and for other purposes relating thereto.

69. An act to enable tho London, Tilbury, and Southend Railway Company to improve and extend the West Street Pier at Gravesend, and to construct a Wharf at Thames Haven.

70. An act to authorise the Wrexham Waterworks Company to make new Service Reservoirs and Filter Beds; to further extend their Limits of Supply; to raise additional Capital; and for other purposes.

71. An act to confer further Powers upon the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company.

72. An act to authorise the Wandsworth and Putney Gaslight and Coke Company to raise further Capital; and for other purposes.

73. An act for empowering the Corporation of the Borough of Stafford to acquire certain rights in Coton Field in the said borough, and to authorise the formation of allotment gardens for the Freemen of the borough, and of public pleasure grounds in Coton Field, and for conferring on the Corporation further powers in relation to their water undertaking and street improvements, and further sanitary and other powers; and for other purposes.

74. An act for extending the time for making and completing the Mersey Railway.

75. An act to extend the period for the completion of the works authorised by the Belfast Street Tramways Act, 1878.

76. An act to enable the Lincoln Gaslight and Coke Company to raise additional capital; and for other purposes.

77. An act to give effect to an agreement for the transfer to the Corporation of Lancaster of the Lancaster Gas Company's Undertaking, and to authorise the Corporation to make Street Improvements, and to borrow Moneys; and for other purposes.

78. An act to amend the Pegwell Bay Reclamation and Sandwich Haven Improvement Act, 1873, and the Acts amending the same.

79. An act to enable the Bristol General Cemetery Company to enlarge their Cemetery, to raise additional Capital; and for other purposes.

80. An act for authorising Improvements in the Parishes of Saint Mary Abbotts Kensington, and Saint Luke Chelsea; and for other purposes.

81. An act to confirm the Provisional Order for the Regulation of certain Lands known as Clent Hill Common, situate in the parish of Clent, in the county of Worcester, in pursuance of a report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

82. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act, 1861, relating to Frodsham and Helsby Improvements, situated in the parish of Frodsham, in the county of Chester.

83. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Rural Sanitary District of the Alnwick Union, the Borough of Barnsley (two), the Local Government District of Brentford, the Rural Sanitary District of the Durham Union, the Local Government Districts of Ealing, East Dereham, and Mountain Ash (two), the Boroughs of Newcastle-under-Lyme and Penzance, the Rural Sanitary Districts of the Rothbury and Settle Unions, and the Local Government District of Torquay.

84. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, and the Improvement Act District of Ramsgate.

85. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Aldrington, Anstruther, Bouldnor, Broadstairs, Carrickfergus, Castle Bay (Barra), Llandudno, and Tralee and Fenit; and to amend the Cattewater Harbour Order, 1876.

86. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Aberavon, the Local Government District of Ashton-in-Makerfield, the City of Canterbury, the Local Government District of Cleator Moor, the Borough of Congleton, the Local Government District of Horncastle, the City of Lincoln, the Local Government District of Littlehampton, the Improvement Act District of Llandudno, the Local Government Districts of Ossett-cum-Gawthorpe and Oswaldtwistle, the City of Saint Alban (two), and the Borough of Sunderland.

87. An act to confirm the Provisional Order for the inclosure of certain lands known as Hendy Bank Common, situate in the parish of Cefnllys in the county of Radnor, in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

88. An act to confirm the Provisional Order for the inclosure of certain Lands known as the Common Fields, the Common Meadow Lands, the Cow Common, the Green, the Meres, Baulks, and other waste lands, situate in the parish of Steventon, in the county of Berks, in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

89. An act to confirm the Provisional Order for the inclosure of certain Lands known as Llandegley Rhos Common, situate in the parish of Glascwm, in the county of Radnor, in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales,

90. An act to confirm the Provisional Orders for the regulation of certain Lands forming part of the Lizard Common, and situated in the parish of Landewednack, in the county of Cornwall, and the Provisional Orders for the inclosure of certain other Lands forming the remainder of the said common, and situated in the same parish, in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

91. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, relating to the Borough of Lanark.

92. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, relating to the Parish of Blantyre.

93. An act to confirm an Order of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876, as amended and extended by the Poor Law Act, 1879, relating to the Parishes of Bowers Gifford, Hadleigh, Laindon, Leigh, North Benfleet, Pitsea, Prittlewell, South Benfleet, Southchurch, and Vange.

94. An act to enable Her Majesty's Postmaster-General to enlarge and acquire a site for the South-western (of London) District Post Office.

95. An act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Cork to make better Regulations with reference to Street Traffic and Streets, to confer further powers on the Corporation with reference to Water Supply, to fund the Corporate Debt; and for other purposes.

96. An act to confer further Powers upon the London Gaslight Company; and for other purposes.

97. An act for empowering the North Metropolitan Tramways Company to construct Works and raise further Money, and to make Agreements with the London Street Tramways Company; and for other purposes.

98. An act for the improvement of the Drainage of the Upper and Wittersham Levels, otherwise the Kent and Sussex Rother Levels; and for other purposes.

99. An act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the borough of Huddersfield to construct Tramways, New Streets, Roads, and Street and Road Improvements, and other Works; and to make further provision for the good government of the borough; and for other purposes.

100. An act to repeal the Portmadoc Water Order, 1871; to incorporate a Company, and to vest in such Company the undertaking authorised by the said Order, and to grant powers to such Company for the construction of additional Waterworks, and for the supply of water to Portmadoc and the neighbourhood thereof; and for other purposes.

101. An act to authorise the construction of Tramways in the Borough of Northampton and adjacent places; and for other purposes.

102. An act to confer further powers upon the Yeadon and Guiseley Gaslight and Coke Company and to enable them to raise further money; and for other purposes.

103. An act to extend the limits of the Great Yarmouth Waterworks Company, and to authorise the said Company to construct new works and raise more money; and for other purposes.

104. An act for providing for the return of the Money deposited 'for securing the Completion of the Railways authorised by the Devon and Cornwall Railway (Western Extensions) Act, 1873.

105. An act to authorise the Ballymena, Cushendall, and Redbay Railway Company to apply to the purposes of the Ballymena, Cushendall, and Redbay Railway Act, 1872, a sum of twenty-two thousand pounds which they are authorised to raise under the Powers of the Ballymena, Cushendall, and Redbay Railway Act, 1878, and which is not required for the purposes of that Act.

106. An act to confer further powers on the Metropolitan District Railway Company.

107. An act for the revival of the powers and extension of the time for the compulsory purchase of lands and completion of the works authorised by the Romford Canal Act, 1875.

108. An act for extending the Rathmines and Rathgar township, so as to include therein the adjoining townland of Milltown, in the county of Dublin for the establishment of a Fire Brigade; and for other purposes.

109. An act to revive the powers and extend the periods respectively limited for the Construction of Waterworks and Supply of Water and the Purchase of Market Rights authorised by the Sligo Borough Improvement Act, 1869; and for other purposes.

110. An act for amalgamating the Monmouthshire Railway and Canal Company with the Great Western Railway Company.

111. An act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to Bristow Hunt for the Invention of improved Machinery or Apparatus for setting and distributing Types.

112. An act for dissolving the Manchester Carriage Company, Limited, and re-incorporating the Members thereof as a new Company, and for transferring to such new Company the powers conferred by the Manchester Suburban Tramways Acts, 1878 and 1879, and the Manchester Suburban Tramways Orders, 1877 and 1878; and for conferring further powers for the construction of new and the completion of authorised Tramways; and for other purposes.

113. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Ackworth. Featherstone, Purston, and Sharlston Gas Company.

114. An act to enable the Maidstone Gas Company to construct additional Works; to raise further Capital; and for other purposes.

115. An act for enabling the Reading Gas Company to raise additional Capital and to construct new Works; and for other purposes.

116. An act to incorporate a Company for making Works and supplying Water within certain parishes and townships in the Valley of the Dearne; and for other purposes.

117. An act to authorise the Hundred of Hoo Railway Company to extend their Railway by the making of a further Line of Railway, and also a jetty, pier, or landing-place, in the county of Kent, to raise further Money; and for other purposes.

118. An act to extend the Borough of Preston and to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses thereof to provide a Site for a Public Library and Museum, to make new Streets, Street Improvements, Tramways, and other works; and to make further provision for the Improvement and good Government of the Borough; and for other purposes.

119. An act for empowering the Corporation of the City of Rochester to acquire the undertaking of the Strood Waterworks Company, and carry on the same; to construct additional Waterworks and supply Water; to construct Embankment and Sewerage Works; and for other purposes.

120. An act for empowering the British Gaslight Company, Limited, to enlarge their works and to expend further capital at their Staffordshire Potteries Station; and for other purposes.

121. An act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to William Shepherd Williamson, of Congleton in the County of Chester, for the Invention of Improvements in Blast Furnaces.

122. An act to authorise the Dartford Gas Company to purchase additional lands, to raise additional capital, to amalgamate with the Darenth Yale Gas Company, to extend the limits of supply; and for other purposes,

123. An act to provide for the dissolution of the Glasgow, Garnkirk, and Coatbridge Railway Company, the Clydesdale Railway Guaranteed Company, the Greenock Railway Guaranteed Company, the Wishaw Railway Guaranteed Company, and the Glasgow, Barrhead, and Neilston Direct Railway Company, and for the conversion of the stocks of those Companies into annuities stock of the Caledonian Railway Company; and for other purposes.

124. An act to amend the Bristol Channel Pilotage Act, 1861, so far as relates to the Cardiff Pilotage Board; and for other purposes.

125. An act to make further provision for the lighting of the Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, and to extend the powers of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough in relation to the supply of light by electricity; and for other purposes.

126. An act for carrying into effect an Agreement for the transfer by the Liverpool United Tramways and Omnibus Company of their Tramways in the City of Liverpool to the Corporation of Liverpool, and for the Lease of those Tramways to the Company; and for other purposes.

127. An act for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the borough of Wigan in the county of Lancaster to make New Streets, and Improvement of Streets; and for conferring on them further Borrowing Powers and other powers; and for other purposes.

128. An act for making better provision for the Drainage of the Low Grounds and Carrs (known as the Beverley and Barmston Drainage District) in the East Riding of the County of York, and for amending the Acts relating thereto; and for other purposes.

129. An act to amalgamate the Undertakings of the Highland and Dingwall and Skye Railway Companies; and for other purposes.

130. An act to continue for a limited period the powers of the Arbitrator under the Epping Forest Act, 1878, and to amend that Act.

131. An act to confirm the Provisional Order of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the modification of the Metropolis (High Street, Islington) Improvement Scheme.

132. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Local Government District of Eastbourne, the Improvement Act District of Herne Bay, the Local Government Districts of Northwich and Pudsey, the Improvement Act District of Ramsgate, and the Local Government District of West Ham.

133. An act to confirm the Provisional Order for the Inclosure of certain Lands known as Llanfair Hills, situate in the parish of Llanfair Watordine, in the county of Salop, in pursuance of a report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

134. An act to authorise the Metropolitan Railway Company to make a railway in extension of the Kingsbury and Harrow Railway to the town of Rickmansworth; and for other purposes.

135. An act to confirm an agreement between the Glasgow, Yoker, and Clydebank, and North British Railway Companies; and for other purposes.

136. An act to vary the mode of dealing with certain roads crossed by the authorised railways of the East Norfolk Railway Company, and to confer certain powers on the Great Eastern Railway Company with reference to the Western Extensions Capital of the East Norfolk Railway Company; and for other purposes.

137. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Clyde Lighthouses, and to provide for the improvement of the Navigation of the River Clyde below Newark Castle, Port Glasgow.

138. An act to enable the Rathmines and Rathgar Improvement Commissioners to improve the Water Supply of the Rathmines and Rathgar township; and for other purposes.

139. An act to confer powers upon the Corporation of Burton-upon-Trent with reference to Bridges over the River Trent at Stapenhill; to enable them to purchase Lands and construct Works for the disposal of Sewage; and to supply Light by Electricity; and for other purposes.

140. An act to confer further powers with respect to the Great Northern Railway and to the joint undertakings of the Great Northern and Great Eastern and Great Northern and London and North-western Railway Companies.

141. An act for conferring upon the Great Western Railway Company further Powers in connexion with their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies; for vesting in that Company the Undertakings of the Ely and Clydach Valleys, the Malmesbury, and the Mitcheldean Road and Forest of Dean Junction Railway Companies; for vesting in the Great Western Railway Company and the Bala and Festiniog Railway Company the Undertaking of the Festiniog and Blaenau Railway Company, limited; and for other purposes.

142. An act for extending the boundaries of the Municipal Borough of King's Lynn; for authorising the Corporation of the said borough to subscribe further moneys towards the King's Lynn Docks; for amending the King's Lynn Waterworks and Borough Improvement Act, 1859, and the Eau Brink Acts; and for other purposes.

143. An act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Liverpool in the county of Lancaster to obtain a supply of Water from the Rivers Vyrnwy, Marchnant, and Afon Cowny in Montgomeryshire; and for other purposes.

144. An act to enable the Liverpool United Gaslight Company to erect additional Gasworks, and to extend their Limits of Supply.

145. An act for conferring further powers upon the London and North-western Railway Company in connexion with their own Undertaking, and upon that Company jointly with the Lessees of the North and South Western Junction Railway, and the Great Western Railway Company, and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company, and the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company, and the Furness Railway Company, in respect of other Undertakings in which they are jointly interested; and for conferring further Powers upon the Lancashire Union Railways Company; and for other purposes.

146. An act for conferring additional powers on the Midland Railway Company in connexion with their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of the Sharpness New Docks and Gloucester and Birmingham Navigation Company and the Severn Bridge Railway Company; for raising further Capital; and for other purposes.

147. An act to alter and extend the borough of Oldham, to confer upon the Corporation further powers in relation to their Water and Gas undertakings, and for improving the Local Government of the borough; to amend the Acts relating to the borough; and for other purposes.

148. An act for conferring further powers on the Banbury and Cheltenham Direct Railway Company in connexion with their authorised Undertaking; and for other purposes.

149. An act for incorporating the Dagenham and District Farmers' (Optional) Sewage Utilization Company, and for authorising them to construct Works for Supply of Sewage to Owners and Occupiers of Laud in Dagenham and the adjacent District; and for other purposes.

150. An act for making a Railway from Woodside to South Croydon, in the county of Surrey; and for other purposes.

151. An act for subjecting lands within the Black Sluice Level to further taxation for Outfall Improvements, and for increasing the area of taxation; and for other purposes.

152. An act for making Tunnels, Subways, and Roadways partly under the River Mersey between Liverpool and Birkenhead.

153. An act to authorise the construction of a New Cut and other Works for improving the Outfall of the River Witham, in the county of Lincoln, and the constitution of a Joint Board for effecting such works; and for other purposes.

154. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School Boards for Cardiff, Liverpool, Southampton, and Walton-on-Thames to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same.

155. An act to confer further powers on the London Tramways Company (Limited).

156. An act for making a Railway from the Blane Valley Railway to the Forth and Clyde Junction Railway at Gartness, and a Railway from the Forth and Clyde Junction Railway to Aberfoyle; and for other purposes.

157. An act to authorise the transfer of the Undertaking of the Hinckley Gaslight and Coke Company, Limited, to the Hinckley Local Government Board; and for other purposes.

158. An act to revive and amend the powers of the Killorglin Railway Act, 1871, for making a Railway in the county of Kerry from the Farranfore Station of the Great Southern and Western Railway to Killorglin, to provide for a Baronial Guarantee with reference to the Railway; and for other purposes.

159. An act for making Railways between Maidstone and Ashford in the county of Kent; and for other purposes.

160. An act to authorise the Pontypridd, Caerphilly, and Newport Railway Company to deviate a portion of their authorised railway near Pontypridd.

161. An act for making a Railway in the county of Devon, to be called the Totnes, Paignton, and Torquay Direct Railway; and for other purposes.

162. An act to empower the Preston Tramways Company to accept leases of and to work Tramways to be hereafter constructed in or near the Borough of Preston, and to authorise them to raise additional Capital; and for other purposes.

163. An act to revive the powers and extend the periods for the compulsory purchase of Lands, and for the construction of the Railways authorised by the Scarborough and Whitby Railway Acts, 1871 and 1873; and for other purposes.

164. An act to authorise the construction of Tramways in and near to the borough of Gateshead, in the county of Durham; and for other purposes.

165. An act to enable the Lynn and Fakenham Railway Company to extend their Railway to Norwich and Blakeney; and for other purposes.

166. An act to authorise a Deviation in the Kingsbury and Harrow Railway; the Revival and Extension of Time for the Purchase of Lands in connexion with the Works authorised by the Saint John's Wood Railway Act, 1873, and the Metropolitan Railway Act, 1877; the Purchase of other Lands; the diverting or stopping up of certain bridle road and footpaths; also to amend the Acts relating to the Hammersmith and City Railway with respect to superfluous Lands, and the Metropolitan and District Railways Act, 1879, with respect to Capital; and for other purposes.

167. An act to amalgamate the Port Carlisle Dock and Railway Company, the Carlisle and Silloth Bay Railway and Dock and the North British, Arbroath, and Montrose Railway Companies with the North British Railway Company, and to authorise the Company to make a Dock at Silloth; to purchase additional Lands; to make agreements with respect to the erection of Passenger Sheds at the Waverley Station; to guarantee Interest on sums raised for Dock Works at Bo'ness; to contribute to the Forth Bridge Railway Company, and to authorise the Newport Railway Company and the Company to raise more Money; also to extend the time for the sale of superfluous Lands; and for other purposes.

168. An act for incorporating the Alford and Sutton Tramways Company and authorising them to construct Tramways from Alford to Sutton-le-Marsh in the parts of Lindsey in the county of Lincoln; and for other purposes.

169. An act to empower the North Dublin Street Tramways Company to construct New Tramways; and for other purposes.

170. An act to alter and extend the powers of the Trustees of the Port and Harbours of Greenock in relation to the Harbours and Docks; and for other purposes.

171. An act to confirm a certain Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland made under the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Improvement Act, 1875, relating to the city of Dublin; and a certain Provisional Order of the said Board made under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to Waterworks in the city of Armagh.

172. An act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Bath Tramways, Birkdale and Southport Tramways, Bristol Tramways (Extensions), Cambridge Street Tramways (Extension), Cardiff District and Penarth Harbour Tramways Croydon Street Tramways (Extensions), Darlington Tramways, Dudley, Sedgley, and Wolverhampton Tramways, Ipswich Tramways (Extensions), Llanelly Tramways, Merthyr Tramways, Peterborough Tramways, Staffordshire Tramways (Additional Powers), Stockton-on-Tees and District Tramways, Sunderland Tramways (Use of Mechanical Power), Withington Local Board Tramways, and Wolverhampton Tramways (Use of Mechanical Power).

173. An act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Birmingham and Aston Tramways, Blackpool St. Anne's-on-the-Sea and Lytham Tramways, Bradford Corporation Tramways, Carlisle and District Tramways, Folkestone, Sandgate, and Hythe Tramways, North Staffordshire Tramways, Rothesay Tramways, Walsall and District Tramways, Walton-on-the-Hill Tramways, and Woolwich and Plumstead Tramways.

174. An act to make further provision with respect to the Powers of the Commissioners for Public Works in Ireland in relation to a grant and loan for the Improvement of Kinsale Harbour, and to enable the Town Commissioners of Kinsale to guarantee a loan and levy rates for the purposes of such Improvement.

175. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the Improvement of Unhealthy Areas in the Parliamentary Burgh of Leith.

176. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made under the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, relating to Forfar Gas.

177. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863, and the Acts amending the same.

178. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Improvement Act District of Bethesda, the Borough of Birmingham, the Local Government District of Haworth, the Lower Thames Valley Main Sewerage District, the Borough of Rochdale, the Rochester and Chatham Joint Hospital District, the Boroughs of Rotherham, Stockton, and Middlesbrough, and the City of York (two).

179. An act for making a Railway from Tralee to Fenit, in the county of Kerry and for other purposes.

180. An act for making a Railway from Anstruther to Saint Andrews, in the county of Fife; and for other purposes.

181. An act to make further provision for regulating the supply of Gas by the Gas Light and Coke Company, the Commercial Gas Company, and the South Metropolitan Gas Company, and to amend the Acts relating to the said Companies.

182. An act to confer further powers on the Halesowen Railway Company; and for other purposes.

183. An act for enabling the London and South-western Railway Company to execute further Works and to acquire further Lands for the improvement of their Railways; for confirming certain agreements; and for conferring other Powers upon the Company and other Companies; and for other purposes.

184. An act to authorise the Belfast Central Railway Company to make new Railways and Works; to lay additional Rails on their existing Railways and on certain parts of the Belfast and County Down and Belfast, Holywood, and Bangor Railways; and for other purposes.

185. An act to authorise the construction of Tramways in and near to the towns of Coventry and Bedworth, and from Coventry to Bedworth, in the county of Warwick; and for other purposes.

186. An act for incorporating the Freshwater, Yarmouth, and Newport Railway Company; and for other purposes.

187. An act for extending the time for completing the Neath Harbour Works; for authorising the Harbour Commissioners to borrow further Money; and for other purposes.

188. An act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to make Railways and other Works, acquire Lands, and abandon portions of Works in the counties of Lanark, Renfrew, and Edinburgh; to maintain, work, and contribute to the Alloa Railway; to establish an Accident and Life Insurance Fund for their servants, and to raise additional Money; for extending the authorised periods for completion of certain Railways in Lanarkshire, and acquisition of Lands in connexion therewith, and sale of superfluous Lands; and for other purposes.

189. An act to alter the Filey Pier and Harbour Order, 1878, and to dissolve the Company empowered thereby, and re-incorporate them with fresh powers.

190. An act for incorporating a Company and authorising them to make and maintain a Railway from Hounslow to Ealing, in the county of Middlesex; and for other purposes.

191. An act to authorise the North Staffordshire Railway Company to make a railway to connect their Churnet Valley Line with the Stoke Branch therefrom; to purchase additional Lands, and make certain Sidings also; for extending the time for the sale of certain superfluous Lands, and to alter certain of the provisions of the existing Acts with respect to Rates and Charges; and for other purposes.

192. An act for empowering the Ramsgate and Margate Tramways Company to construct additional Tramways; to raise further Capital; to use Steam or other Mechanical Power; and for other purposes.

193. An act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to John Muirhead the younger, and Alexander Muirhead, of Regency Street, in the City of Westminster, for the Invention of Improvements in Electric Telegraphs.

194. An act to authorise the construction of the Edinburgh Suburban and Southside Junction Railway; and for other purposes.

195. An act to incorporate a Company for the construction of the Yarmouth Union Railway; and for other purposes.

196. An act for empowering the Brentford and Isleworth Tramways Company to construct new Tramways, in the county of Middlesex; and for other purposes.

197. An act to authorise the construction of a Railway and Tramways in the county of Antrim, to be called "The Giants Causeway, Portrush, and Bush Valley Railway and Tramways;" and for other purposes.

198. An act for incorporating the Glenariff Railway and Pier Company; and for other purposes.

199. An act to authorise the construction and maintenance of the Hull, Barnsley, and West Riding Junction Railways, and of a Dock and other Works in connexion therewith; and for other purposes.

200. An act for conferring further powers on the Teign Valley Railway Company in relation to their undertaking; and for other purposes.

201. An act for incorporating the Skipton and Kettlewell Railway Company, and authorising them to make and maintain the Skipton and Kettlewell Railway; and for other purposes.

202. An act for conferring on the South-eastern Railway Company further powers with reference to their own undertakings, and those of other Companies; and for other purposes.

203. An act to incorporate a Company for the Construction of the Southsea Railway; and for other purposes.

204. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863, and the Acts amending the same.

205. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same.

206. An act to enable the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland to lend the sum of One thousand pounds to the Mulkear Drainage District Board.

207. An act for making further Provision respecting the borrowing of Money by the Corporation of Liverpool; and for other purposes.

208. An act to make further Provision respecting the borrowing of Money by the Corporation of Nottingham; and for other purposes.

209. An act to authorise the construction of Railways in and near to the District of Cathcart, on the south side of Glasgow; and for other purposes.

210. An act to revive and extend the powers of the Midland Counties and Shannon Junction Railway Company for the purchase of lands and execution of works; to facilitate the completion and beneficial working of their undertaking; to change the name of the Company; and for other purposes.

211. An act to authorise the construction of a railway in the county of Clare, to be called the Ennis and West Clare Railway; and for other purposes.

