Local Acts passed in 1892, 55 & 56 Victoria c.1 - 223.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 29.
---

1. An act to amend the Agreement scheduled to and confirmed by the Hull and Barnsley and South Yorkshire Junction Railways Act 1891 and to enable the South Yorkshire Junction Railway Company to raise further money and for other purposes.

2. An act for the abandonment of the Welshpool and Llanfair Railway.

3. An act to confer further powers on the City of Glasgow Life Assurance Company and for other purposes.

4. An act for more effectually vesting in the Trustees for the time being of the National Penny Bank Limited Securities and other Property representing Moneys received by the Bank on Deposit Accounts and for other purposes.

5. An act to enable the East and West India Dock Company to raise and apply capital in extinguishing or meeting certain liabilities and to amend the scheme of arrangement between the Company and their creditors filed in the High Court and for other purposes.

6. An act for amending the Royal Bank of Scotland Officers Widows Fund Acts, 1870 and 1878.

7. An act for enlarging the powers of the Caledonian Insurance Company and for amending the Company's Acts of 1846 and 1880; and for other purposes.

8. An act to consolidate the Acts relating to the Railway Passengers Assurance Company and to make new provisions for the government of the Company and the management of its affairs and for other purposes.

9. An act to authorise the Bristol Gas Company to purchase lands to erect works for the storage of gas to sell certain lands and for other purposes.

10. An act to authorise the East Indian Railway Company to establish and maintain a sinking fund for the benefit of the deferred annuity holders a sinking fund for the benefit of the annuitants of Class A to amend the East Indian Railway Company Purchase Act 1879 and for other purposes.

11. An act to extend the time for the completion of the Railway authorised by the Cathcart District Railway Act 1887.

12. An act for the abandonment of the Clyde Ardrishaig and Crinan Railway.

13. An act to empower the Corporation of Barrow-in-Furness to make additional Waterworks and for other purposes.

14. An act to regulate the Capital of the Neuchatel Asphalte Company Limited and for other purposes.

15. An act to extend the objects of and confer further powers on the North British and Mercantile Insurance Company and to amend in divers respects the Acts relating to the Company.

16. An act for the abandonment of the Railways authorised by the Felixstowe and Bawdsey Ferry Railway Act 1887.

17. An act for conferring further powers on the Scottish Union and National Insurance Company, and for amending the Acts which regulate the Company; and for other purposes.

18. An act to amend and define the borrowing powers of the Rathmines and Rathgar Improvement Commissioners to enable the Commissioners to borrow an additional sum of money and for other purposes.

19. An act for the granting of further powers to the Oxford Gas Light and Coke Company.

20. An act for the abandonment of the Holsworthy and Bude Railway.

21. An act to empower the Ardrossan Harbour Company to raise further moneys.

22. An act for conferring further powers on the Corporation of Lancaster with respect to Lancaster Marsh.

23. An act to provide for the transfer of Stourport Bridge at Stourport in the County of Worcester to the County Council of that County and for other purposes.

24. An act to enable the Liverpool United Gaslight Company to erect Works for the Storage of Gas on additional Lands and to confer further powers on the Company.

25. An act to effect the drainage of certain Mines and Mineral Lands in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh and for other purposes.

26. An act to empower the Local Board for the district of Southborough in the county of Kent to supply their district and other places with gas and for other purposes.

27. An act for conferring further powers on the Tees Conservancy Commissioners with respect to the improvement and regulation of the River Tees for enabling the Commissioners to raise further moneys for amending the Tee3 Conservancy Acts and for other purposes.

28. An act to extend the time for the completion of the Railways authorised by the Dundee Suburban Railway Act 1884 and the Dundee Suburban Railway Act 1889 and for other purposes.

29. An act to confirm certain special resolutions for dividing the Share Capital of John Crossley and Sons Limited into Preference Shares and Ordinary Shares and for other purposes.

30. An act to enable the Trustees of the Borough Market (Southwark) to borrow money and for other purposes (Borough Market (Southwark).)

31. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1862, relating to the Pilotage District of Swansea.

32. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Town of Larne.

33. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Birchington, Colwyn Bay, Llandudno, Penarth, and Plymouth.

34. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Application or Management of the Charity of Samuel Sunderland, in the Parish of Bingley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

35. An act for the abandonment of the St. Austell Valleys Railway and Dock.

36. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 to 1890, relating to the Burgh of Govan.

37. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Aberystwyth, Ashton-under-Lyne Halifax, Harwich, Limerick, and Maidstone, (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

38. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Kilkenny, Newbury, Sutton (Surrey), West Ham, and Woking (Horsell and Chertsey).

39. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Abbotsbury Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies.

40. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies.

41. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Cambrian Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies.

42. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Cleator and Workington Junction Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies.

43. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the East London Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies.

44. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable theretp, of the Festiniog Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies.

45. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Furness Railway Company and the London and North Western and Furness Railway Companies' Joint Railways.

46. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Hull, Barnsley, and West Riding Junction Railway Company.

47. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Isle of Wight Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies.

48. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies.

49. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the London, Tilbury, and Southend Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies.

50. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies.

51. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Metropolitan Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies.

52. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Midland and South Western Junction Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies.

53. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the North Eastern Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies.

54. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the North London Railway Company.

55. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the North Staffordshire Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies.

56. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Taff Vale Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies.

57. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Caledonian Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies.

58. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Callander and Oban Railway Company.

59. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the City of Glasgow Union Railway Company.

60. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies.

61. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Great North of Scotland Railway Company.

62. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 188S, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Highland Railway Company.

63. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the North British Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies.

64. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Athenry and Ennis Junction Railway Company, and certain other Railway Companies.

65. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, relating to Milnathort Water.

66. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Cullingworth Gas, Kempston Gas, Mitcham and Wimbledon District Gas, South Normanton and Blackwell Gas, and Sutton and Hooton District Gas.

67. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Canna, Fleetwood, Mevagissey, and Newlyn.

68. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Bethesda, Bolton, Buxton, Eye, Lowestoft, Nottingham, Oswaldtwistle, Reading, and Wigan.

69. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Barnsley, Halifax, Keighley, and Wigan.

70. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Acton, Bridgend, Lincoln, New Windsor, Rawdon, Sale, and Stapleton.

71. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Halifax, Milford, Northampton, Rochdale, Tenterden, and Wigan.

72. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Dover, Merthyr Tydfil, Plymouth, and Torquay.

73. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, relating to Bathgate Water.

74. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the County Council of Gloucester under the Allotments Act, 1887, relating to the Parish of Abson-with-Wick, in the Rural Sanitary District of the Chipping Sodbury Union.

75. An act to confirm two Provisional Orders made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the towns of Dundalk and Bangor.

76. An act to enable the Secretary of State for the War Department to purchase certain lands in or near Dublin for the Improvement of the Wellington and Beggars Bush Barracks at Dublin respectively.

77. An act to authorise the Corporation of London to borrow and reborrow under the Local Loans Act 1875.

78. An act to empower the Lanarkshire and Ayrshire Railway Company to raise further moneys to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to make additional advances to the Company by way of Loan or by Subscription for Shares or otherwise and for other purposes.

79. An act for the abandonment of the Eastbourne Seaford and Newhaven Railway.

80. An act to confer further powers upon the Mold Gas and Water Company to empower them to raise additional Capital and for other purposes.

81. An act for conferring further powers on the Southend Gas Company for the construction of Works the raising of money and for other purposes.

82. An act for conferring further powers upon the Metropolitan Railway Company in relation to their own and other Undertakings and for authorising Agreements with other Companies and Bodies and for other purposes.

83. An act to authorise the transfer of the Undertaking of the Cleator Moor Gas Company Limited to the Cleator Moor Local Board and for other purposes.

84. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Harbour of Dundee; and for other purposes.

85. An act to confer further powers of control over the seashoro of the local government district of Waterloo with Seaforth in the County of Lancaster to make better provision . in regard to streets and buildings and for other purposes.

86. An act for the abandonment of part of the Rossendale Valley Tramways and for other purposes.

87. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Medway and to provide for the management and constitution of the Company and to change the name of the Company and for other purposes.

88. An act to authorise the Local Board for the District of Tredegar to construct additional Waterworks and for other purposes.

89. An act to extend the periods now respectively limited for completing and opening certain tramways authorised to be constructed by the Folkestone Sandgate and Hythe Tramways Company and for other purposes.

90. An act to authorise the Ormskirk Gas Light Company to extend their limits of supply to raise additional Capital to acquire additional Lands and for other purposes.

91. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Preston to borrow additional moneys for the purposes of the Ribble Navigation and Preston Dock Undertaking.

92. An act to enable the Provost Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Kilmarnock to acquire the Undertaking of the Kilmarnock Water Company to construct Waterworks and supply Water to the said Burgh and places adjacent and for other purposes.

93. An act for enabling the Select Vestry of the Parish of Saint Margaret in the Borough and County of Leicester to sell and otherwise deal with a piece of Land known as “the Parish Piece” and for empowering the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the said Borough to purchase a portion thereof for the purpose of a Recreation Ground and for providing for the application of the Proceeds of such Sale and for confirming a Charitable Scheme in connexion therewith and for other purposes.

94. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Ipswich to acquire the Undertaking of the Ipswich Waterworks Company and to supply water to the said Borough to issue Corporation Stock and for other purposes.

95. An act to confer further powers on the Southport and Cheshire Lines Extension Railway Company and for other purposes.

96. An act for the abandonment of the Porthdinlleyn Bail way.

97. An act to alter the names of the Union Society and the Union Life Office to repeal certain provisions of an act of 1815 relating to the Enrolment of Memorials of the names of Members of the Society and Office in the High Court of Chancery and to provide for the keeping of a register in lieu thereof and for other purposes.

98. An act for vesting the Ayrshire and Wigtownshire Railway in the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company for Vesting the Bridge Street Station Glasgow in the Caledonian Railway Company and for other purposes.

99. An act to enable the London Chatham and Dover Railway Company to make agreements with the Dover Harbour Board and for other purposes.

100. An act for conferring further powers on the South Eastern Railway Company and upon the Cranbrook and Paddock Wood Railway Company and for other purposes.

101. An act for conferring further powers on the Halifax High Level Railway Company in relation to their Undertaking and for other purposes.

102. An act for constructing a Tunnel under the River Medina with approaches thereto to connect East and West Cowes and for other purposes.

103. An act to revive and extend the time for purchasing lands and completing the North Pembrokeshire and Fishguard Railway and for other purposes.

104. An act to confer further powers on the East Grinstead Gas and Water Company and for other purposes.

105. An act for regulating the rating of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal and for other purposes.

106. An act for conferring further powers upon the Rhyl District Water Company and for other purposes.

107. An act for the transfer of the Navigation from the Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe in the County of Essex to the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Colchester and for altering the Boundaries of the Wards of the said Borough.

108. An act to authorise the Pontypridd Waterworks Company to construct additional Waterworks for better supplying their district with water and for other purposes.

109. An act to extend the time for the purchase of Lands for and for the completion of the Mumbles Railway and Pier.

110. An act to authorise the Glasgow Police Commissioners to reconstruct Glasgow Bridge and for other purposes.

111. An act to authorise the Commissioners of the Glasgow Corporation Waterworks to construct Deviations of their Aqueduct and Works in the Counties of Perth and Stirling and for other purposes.

112. An act to extend the time for the construction of certain authorised Railways and to authorise the Liverpool Overhead Railway Company to make certain Extension Railways and for other purposes.

113. An act for enabling the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to execute certain Works and acquire certain Lands to purchase the Undertaking of the Kanturk and Newmarket Railway Company to raise further Capital by Debenture Stock and for other purposes.

114. An act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to William Horsfall for a new or improved Construction of Furnace for burning Towns' or other refuse.

115. An act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to George Henry Nussey and William Bradshaw Leachman (1) for Improvements in Machinery or Apparatus for pressing and tentering Woollen and other Woven or Felted Fabrics (2) for Improvements in Machinery or Apparatus for pressing Woollen and other Woven or Felted Fabrics and (3) to the said George Henry Nussey for an Improved Knitted Fabric.

116. An act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to (1) John Henry Whitehead for Improvements in Feed Boxes of Combing Machines and (2) John Pickles and Henry Walton Whitehead for Improvements in Noble's Combing Machines.

117. An act for authorising the Airdrie and Coatbridge Water Company to construct new Works to raise additional Capital and for other purposes.

118. An act to consolidate the Townships and parts of Townships within the Borough of Blackburn into one Township to constitute the Council of the said Borough the Burial Board for the said Borough to vest in the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses the Blackburn Technical School and for other purposes.

119. An act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of Lands and for completing the Worcester and Broom Railway and for other purposes.

120. An act to confer further powers on the Ashton-under-Lyne Stalybridge and Dukinfield (District) Waterworks Joint Committee.

121. An act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company with respect to their own Undertaking and Undertakings in which they are jointly interested and for other purposes.

122. An act to confer further powers on the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company and for other purposes.

123. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Newport in the County of Monmouth to construct and work Tramways to collect Municipal Rates and for other purposes.

124. An act to empower the Taff Vale Railway Company to execute Works and acquire Lands and to raise Additional Capital and for other purposes.

125. An act to extend the powers of the Vale of Glamorgan Railway Company for the acquisition of lands for and the completion of their authorised Railways and for other purposes.

126. An act for the abandonment of the Whitland Cronware and Pendine Railway.

127. An act to authorise the North British Railway Company to acquire additional Lands to extend the time for the purchase of Lands for the purposes of certain Railways and Works authorised by the North British Railway Act 1889 and by the West Highland Railway Act 1889 to extend the time limited by those Acts for the completion of the Railways thereby authorised to authorise the North British Railway Company to increase their subscription to the West Highland Railway Company and to subscribe to the Kirkcaldy and District Railway Company to raise additional Capital to authorise the repayment of the Eyemouth Railway Deposit Fund and for other purposes.

128. An act for making a Railway from Stanhope to Wearhead in the county of Durham to be called the Wear Valley Extension Railway and for other purposes.

129. An act to authorise the transfer to the Depositors of the Stock remaining in Court in respect of the Stratford-upon-Avon Towcester and Midland Junction Railway.

130. An act with respect to the supply of Water in London and the neighbourhood.

131. An act to remove doubts as to the interpretation of Section 51 of the London and Saint Katharine and East and West India Docks Act 1888.

132. An act for enabling the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Bradford in the West Riding of the County of York to construct and maintain additional Waterworks to relinquish certain powers already authorised to alter certain existing works and for other purposes connected with the Waterworks Undertaking of the said Mayor Alder men and Burgesses.

133. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Swansea to make and maintain additional waferworks and for other purposes.

134. An act to authorise the Liverpool United Tramways and Omnibus Company to construct new Tramways and for other purposes.

135. An act to enable the Trent (Burton-upon-Trent and Humber) Navigation Company to raise additional Capital to change the Name of the Company and for other purposes.

136. An act for the transfer to and vesting in the Western Valleys (Monmouthshire) Water Company the undertaking of the Risca and Pontymister Gas Company and for other purposes.

137. An act to revive the powers and extend the time for the compulsory purchase of Lands for and for the completion of the Tramroad and Works authorised by the Oxford and Aylesbury Tramroad Act 1888.

138. An act to provide for the transfer of the Chichester portion of the Portsmouth and Arundel Navigation to the Corporation of the City of Chichester and for other purposes.

139. An act to enable the Highland Railway Company to construct a deviation Railway and a new Railway and for other purposes.

140. An act to authorise the Mersey Railway Company to increase the amount of their First Debenture Stock and to extend the time for redeeming such Stock and for other purposes.

141. An act to confer further powers on the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company and for other purposes.

142. An act to authorise the sale of Saint Barnabas Church Liverpool and the site thereof and the erection of a new Church at Anfield in the parish of Walton-on-the-Hill in the county of Lancaster to be called the Church of Saint Simon and Saint Jude Anfield and to provide for the appointment of Trustees and for other purposes.

143. An act to authorise the release of the deposit with the Supreme Court of Judicature in Ireland with respect to the Armagh and Keady Light Railway.

144. An act for authorising the Local Board for the District of Buxton in the County of Derby to accept as a gift from the Most Noble Spencer Compton Duke of Devonshire a new Pump Room and to hold and maintain the same and for conferring powers on the Board in relation to the Local Government of the District and for other purposes.

145. An act for making a Railway from the Epsom Downs Branch of the London Brighton and South Coast Railway to near Walton-on-the-Hill in the County of Surrey and for other purposes.

146. An act to authorise the Corporation of Glasgow to acquire land for a Public Park and for the site of an Infectious Diseases Hospital and to erect such Hospital and for other purposes.

147. An act for repealing an act of the fourth year of the reign of King George the Fourth incorporating the Stamford and Saint Martin's Stamford Baron Gas Light and Coke Company and for extending the limits of supply and defining and regulating the capital and powers of that company and for authorising the company to extend their works and to raise further capital and for other purposes.

148. An act for amending the Westminster (Parliament Street &c.) Improvements Act 1887 and for reviving the powers granted by that Act for the compulsory purchase of lands and for further extending the period for the completion of the works thereby authorised.

149. An act to authorise the Easton and Church Hope Railway Company to re-arrange their capital to extend the time for the completion of their railways and for other purposes.

150. An act to authorise the Brynmawr and Abertillery Gas and Water Company to construct additional Waterworks and to extend their limits for the supply of water and for other purposes.

151. An act for the drainage of lands in the Valley of the River Lee in the Counties of Middlesex Essex and Hertford and for other purposes.

152. An act to enable the Great Northern Railway Company (Ireland) to extend their Railway to Ardee in the County of Louth and to acquire the Undertaking of the Enniskillen Bundoran and Sligo Railway Company and for other purposes.

153. An act for conferring further powers on the Liskeard and Caradon Railway Company for the completion of the Railway authorised by the Liskeard and Caradon Railway Act 1884 and for constituting that Railway a separate undertaking and for other purposes.

154. An act to extend the periods limited for the compulsory purchase of Lands for and for the completion of the authorised Railways of the Hull and North Western Junction Railway Company.

104. An act for making a Railway in the County of Northumberland from the Chathill Station of the North Eastern Railway Company to Sea-Houses and for other purposes.

156. An act to authorise the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway Company to construct Branch Railways and other works to acquire the Undertaking of the North Sea Fisheries (East Lincolnshire) Harbour and Dock Company and for other purposes.

157. An act to confer further powers on the Cork Harbour Commissioners with respect to Pilotage and for other purposes.

158. An act to revive the powers granted by the Weston-super-Mare Clevedon and Portishead Tramways Act 1885 with respect to the construction of the Tramways thereby authorised and to authorise the Weston-super-Mare Clevedon and Portishead Tramways Company to construct additional Tramroads and for other purposes.

159. An act to authorise the Rhyl Improvement Commissioners to purchase the Undertaking of the Rhyl District Water Company to embank and reclaim the Foryd Mudlands adjoining the River Clwyd in the County of Flint and to confer further powers on the Commissioners.

160. An act for confirming the purchase by the North Metropolitan Tramways Company of the tramways of the North London Tramways Company for empowering the North Metropolitan Tramways Company to construct new tramways and for other purposes.

161. An act for the Amalgamation of the Undertakings of the Finn Valley Railway Company and the West Donegal Railway Company and for other purposes.

162. An act to revive the powers and extend the time for completion and opening of the Plymouth Tramways to authorise and confirm an Agreement between the Plymouth Tramways Company and the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Plymouth and for other purposes.

163. An act to make further provision for the Health Improvement and Local Government of the Borough of Bournemouth and for other purposes.

164. An act to revive and extend the time for completing and opening the Lambourn Valley Railway and for other purposes.

165. An act to confer further Police Powers on the Glasgow Police Commissioners and on the Magistrates and the Magistrates' Committee of the City and Royal Burgh of Glasgow.

166. An act to make better provision for the Government and Improvement of the Borough of Middlesbrough and for other purposes.

167. An act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own Undertaking and other Undertakings in which they are interested jointly with other Companies and also for conferring Powers upon the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company the Great Western Railway Company the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company and the North Staffordshire Railway Company in relation to such other Undertakings and for other purposes.

168. An act for empowering the London and North Western Railway Company to construct new and widen existing Railways in the Counties of Warwick and Lancaster and the West Riding of the County of York and for conferring powers upon that Company and the Midland Railway Company in relation to some of such Railways and for other purposes.

169. An act to empower the District Committee of the Middle Ward of the County of Lanark to construct Waterworks and to supply Water within their District and to authorise and require the County Council of the County of Lanark to levy assessments and to borrow money for such Waterworks and supply and for other purposes.

170. An act to give effect to certain Agreements between the Caledonian North British and Lanarkshire and Dumbartonshire Railway Companies and to confer powers on them with respect to joint ownership of the Railway between Dumbarton and Balloch and the Pier at Balloch and the joint acquisition and working of Steamboats on Loch Lomond and other matters to authorise the construction of certain Railways and Works at or near Dumbarton and for other purposes.

171. An act to confer further powers upon the Milford Docks Company and for other purposes.

172. An act to revive the powers for the compulsory purchase of Lands and to extend the time limited for the completion of certain of the Railways and for the abandonment of one of the Railways authorised by the Kingstown and Kingsbridge Junction Railway Act 1887 and for other purposes.

173. An act for empowering the Corporation of the City of Birmingham to obtain a supply of Water from the Rivers Elan and Claerwen and for other purposes.

174. An act for conferring further powers upon the Exmouth and District Waterworks Company.

175. An act to authorise the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to provide Steam Vessels to ply between the Ports of Fleetwood and Dublin and for other purposes.

176. An act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with relation to their own Undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of Undertakings in which they are jointly interested and for other purposes.

177. An act to amend the Leith Harbour and Docks Act 1875 to authorise the construction of a Wet Dock and other Harbour Works and for other purposes.

178. An act for empowering the London and North Western Railway Company to construct new Railways in the West Riding of the County of York to be called the Heaton Lodge and Wortley Railways and for other purposes.

179. An act for enabling the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway Company to extend their Railways to Swansea and Neath and for other purposes.

180. An act to authorise the transfer of the Undertaking of the Southampton Dock Company to the London and South Western Railway Company.

181. An act to authorise the construction of New Railways in the West Riding of the County of York from Maltby to Mexborough and for other purposes.

182. An act to authorise the transfer of the undertaking of the Lostwithiel and Fowey Railway Company to the Cornwall Minerals Railway Company and for other purposes.

183. An act for authorising the sale of the Church and Parochial Schools and Vicarage House of the Parish of Saint Bartholomew in the City of Bristol and the application of the proceeds of sale to the provision of a new Church and Vicarage House for a district out of the new Parish of Saint Andrew Montpelier in the said City and to other purposes and for reuniting the said Parish of Saint Bartholomew for Ecclesiastical purposes to the Parish of Saint James and for enabling the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to dispose of the site and materials of the unfinished Church. of Saint Martin and for other purposes.

184. An act to authorise agreements between the Edinburgh Street Tramways Company and Local Authorities and for other purposes.

185. An act to authorise the construction of a Railway between Londonderry and Draperstown and for other purposes.

186. An act for conferring further powers on the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company for the construction of works the acquisition of lands and the raising of money and for other purposes.

187. An act for the constitution of the Pontypridd Burial Board in the County of Glamorgan and for other purposes.

188. An act for the abandonment of certain of the authorised Railways of the Regent's Canal City and Docks Railway Company for extending the period for the compulsory purchase of lands for and for the completion of others of such authorised Railways for changing the name of the Company for making other provisions with respect to the Company and their affairs and for other purposes.

189. An act for enabling the Uttoxeter Rural Sanitary Authority to provide an improved Water Supply to certain places within their District.

190. An act for incorporating the Rhymney Valley Gas and Water Company and conferring powers on them for the construction of works the supply of Gas and Water and for other purposes.

191. An act to make more effectual provision for Prevention of the Pollution of the Rivers Mersey and Irwell and their tributaries.

192. An act for authorising the Bexhill Water and Gas Company to raise additional Capital.

193. An act to repeal the 169th Section of the Eastbourne Improvement Act 1885, (Eastbourne Improvement Act 1889 Amendment.)

194. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Birmingham and Western Districts Tramways, Drypool and Marfleet Steam Tramways, Morecambe Tramways (Extension), and Northampton Street Tramways.

195. An act to confirm an Order of the Boundary Commissioners for Scotland relating to the burgh and city of Glasgow, the burgh of Renfrew, and to the parishes of Cathcart, Eastwood, Govan, and Renfrew, in the counties of Lanark and Renfrew.

196. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Bideford Gas, Glastonbury and Street Gas, Prestatyn Gas, and Willenhall Gas.

197. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Boroughs of Chard and Henley-upon-Thames.

198. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Havant, Tamworth, Warwick, and Wallsend, Willington Quay, and Howdon Joint Hospital Districts, and to the Upper Stour Valley Main Sewerage District.

199. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Burnley, Paignton, and Penzance, and to the Rural Sanitary Districts of the Blything and Hendon Unious.

200. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Bradford (Yorks), Halifax, Rawmarsh, Sheffield, and Shipley.

201. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Boroughs of Crewe, Falmouth, and Godalming.

202. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Bilston, Morley, and West Ham.

203. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the provisions of the Poor, Law Amendment Act, 1867, relating to the Hundred of Mutford and Lothiogland.

204. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Killala, Stornoway, Sutherland, and Torquay.

205. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Carloway and Kinsale.

206. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Bournemouth.

207. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act, 1861, relating to Morton Fen, in the Parish of Morton, in the County of Lincoln.

208. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act, 1886, relating to lands in the Parishes of St. Marylebone, St. Mary Abbotts, Kensington, and All Saints, Poplar.

209. An act to confirm two Provisional Orders made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Purchase of Land for Burial Grounds in the Poor Law Union of Sligo.

210. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland con finning an Improvement Scheme under Part I. of the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, relating to the City of Belfast.

211. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the improvement of Streets in the Township of Blackrock.

212. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the purchase of Land for Waterworks in the Poor Law Union of Tullamore.

213. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Rural Sanitary District of Fermoy.

214. An act to confirm four Provisional Orders made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Purchase of Lands for Waterworks for the towns of Athlone, Castletown-Berehaven, Cookstown, and Skibbereen.

215. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Town of Tralee.

216. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Drainage of the City of Dublin, and to enable the Corporation of Dublin to borrow in excess of their Statutory Powers.

217. An act to provide for the re-constitution of the Galway Infirmary and for other purposes connected therewith.

218. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same.

219. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Dublin, Fareham, Liverpool, Oxford, Sheffield, and Waterford.

220. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Hampstead, Lambeth, Shoreditch, and Whitechapel.

221. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, relating to the Burgh of Inverness.

222. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Boroughs of Halifax and Hertford.

223. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Beard relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Bath, Cheltenham, Louth, Nottingham and West Bridgeford, Portsmouth, Salford, and Wallasey.

224. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Chesterfield.

225. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Richmond (Surrey).

226. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Ross Water and Sevenoaks Water.

227. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders mnde by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to the County of London (a portion of), Southwark, and Wandsworth.

228. An act to revive powers for and to extend the time for the construction and completion of the Tramways authorised by the Newport Pagnell and District Tramways Order 1887 confirmed by the Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 2) Act 1887.

229. An act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to James Simpson and Samuel Thomas Fawcett for Improvements in the Construction of Perambulators.

230. An act to provide for repealing the Deed of Settlement of the Imperial Life Insurance Company and the Act relating thereto and to define the objects and powers of that Company.

231. An act to constitute the City of Belfast a Separate District with an Asylum for the Lunatic Poor and for other purposes.

232. An act to extend and enlarge the powers of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and the London and North Western Railway Company as to Steam Vessels and for other purposes.

233. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of undertakings in which they are jointly interested for amalgamating the Caine the Newent the Ross and Ledbury and the Wellington and Severn Junction Railway Companies with the Great Western Railway Company for vesting in that Company the powers of the East Usk Railway Company for vesting the undertaking of the Ludlow and Clee Hill Railway Company in the Great Western and London and North Western Railway Companies and for other purposes.

234. An act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company and upon that Company and the Great Northern and North Eastern Railway Companies respectively for the construction of Works and the acquisition of Lands to confirm an Agreement between the Midland Railway Company and the Guiseley Yeadon and Headingley Railway Company to empower the Midland Railway Company to increase their Subscription to the Undertaking of the Tottenham and Forest Gate Railway Company and for other purposes.

235. An act to extend the Municipal and Police Boundaries of the city and royal burgh of Dundee; to alter the Wards for Municipal and other Elections; to authorise the construction of a new Road or Street and new Tramways; and for other purposes.

236. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to construct Street Improvements Tramways and other Works and to make further provision for the good Government of the City and for other purposes.

237. An act to regulate the expenditure and raising of Money by the London County Council on Capital Account during the current Financial Period.

238. An act to empower the London County Council to make a Street Improvement at Sandy's Row Spitalfields to acquire and manage land for various purposes in the Administrative County of London to extend the time for purchase of land for the Thames Tunnel (Blackwall) and for other purposes.

239. An act to provide Building Regulations for the City of Glasgow and for other purposes.

240. An act to authorise the Newport Godshill and St. Lawrence Railway Company to extend their Railway towards Ventnor and for other purposes.

241. An act to confer further powers on the Central London Railway Company and for other purposes.

242. An act for incorporating the Great Northern and City Railway Company and empowering them to construct a railway from the Canonbury Branch of the Great Northern Railway near Finsbury Park to the City of London and for other purposes.

