Local Acts passed in 1893, 56 & 57 Victoria c.1 - 229.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 30.
---

1. An act to authorise the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company to complete a through Railway communication to London, from their authorised Railway at Annesley, by way of Nottingham, Leicester, Loughborough, Lutterworth, Rugby, and other Towns, and Quainton Road, with a new Station in London; to confer further powers on the Company and other Companies; and for other purposes.

2. An act for authorising the Buenos Ayres and Pacific Railway Company Limited and the Buenos Ayres and Pacific Railway Equipment and Goods Dept Company Limited respectively to prepare and carry into effect a Scheme or Schemes of Arrangement with their respective Debenture Stock Holders Creditors or Shareholders or any class or classes of such persons or with the Debenture Stock Holders Creditors or Shareholders of each other and to amalgamate their undertakings and for other purposes.

3. An act to confer further powers upon the Manchester Ship Canal Company.

4. An act for incorporating the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Company and for empowering them to construct Underground Railways from Baker Street Station to Waterloo Station in the County of London and for other purposes.

5. An act to authorise the Corporation of Cork to grant a guarantee in respect of a portion of the Share Capital of the Cork and Fermoy and Waterford and Wexford Railway Company and for other purposes.

6. An act to alter the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Dublin Distillers' Company (Limited) to enable that Company to have their Registered Offices in Ireland and for other purposes.

7. An act to extend the borrowing powers of the Imperial Continental Gas Association.

8. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Bedford and Kempston Tramway, Perth and District Tramways, and Somerton, Keinton-Mandeville, and Castle Cary Tramways.

9. An act to further extend the time limited for the completion of the works authorised by the London and Blackwall Railway Act 1885 and to authorise the raising of additional capital and for other purposes.

10. An act to stop up and discontinue a portion of a certain footpath on the Belfast Castle Estate and to construct another footpath in lieu thereof.

11. An act to confer further powers on the Scottish Provident Institution and on the directors thereof and for other purposes.

12. An act to transfer to the Drainage and Navigation Commissioners constituted by the Local and Personal Act 7 & 8 George IV. chapter xlvii. the Property Powers and Duties of the Eau Brink Navigation Commissioners and to amend that Act and the Ouse Outfall Act 1860 and for other purposes.

13. An act to enable the Guardian Fire and Life Assurance Company as from the date of its registration as a limited Company to alter the form of its constitution by substituting a Memorandum and Articles of Association for its Deed of Settlement and to repeal the Acts relating to such Company and for other purposes.

14. An act to provide for the abolition of the rector's rate leviable in the parish of Saint George the Martyr Southwark in the county of Surrey for securing otherwise an income for the rector of that parish and for other purposes.

15. An act to authorise the Right Honourable the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of Dublin to raise further Moneys by borrowing and for other purposes.

16. An act to extend the limits within which the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Stockton-on-Tees may supply Gas to enable them to borrow further money for their Gas Undertaking and for other purposes.

17. An act to enable the Water of Leith Purification and Sewerage Commissioners to construct additional works and to borrow additional Money and for other purposes.

18. An act for conferring further powers on the Wolverhampton Gas Company.

19. An act to amend the Manchester Ship Canal Act 1891 and to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Manchester in the county of Lancaster and the Manchester Ship Canal Company with respect to the lending and borrowing of moneys for the completion of the undertaking of the said Company and for other purposes.

20. An act to vest the county buildings of the county of Mid-Lothian in the County Council of that county to enable the County Council to borrow money for the purpose of erecting and enlarging county buildings and for other purposes.

21. An act to extend the powers of the Mercantile Bank of India (Limited).

22. An act to confirm and legalise certain waterworks constructed by the Rathmines and Rathgar Improvement Commissioners and to authorise the Commissioners to construct additional works to acquire lands and maintain a public park at Harold's Cross to provide for additional public buildings and the maintenance of a way as a public road to confer on the Commissioners further powers as to the borrowing of moneys and for other purposes relating to the township.

23. An act to enable the Manchester Ship Canal Company to raise additional loan capital and to extend the time for the completion of their undertaking and for other purposes.

24. An act for the Abandonment of the Headingley Extension Railway of the Guiseley Yeadon and Headingley Railway Company and for other purposes.

25. An act for confirming an Agreement for the transfer to the Kensington and Knightsbridge Electric Lighting Company (Limited) of the Undertaking of the Chelsea Electricity Supply Company (Limited) authorised by the South Kensington Electric Lighting Order 1889.

26. An act to extend the time for the completion of certain authorised railways of the Wirral Railway Company and renew the powers for the purchase of land for one of such railways to reduce the capital of the Company and for other purposes.

27. An act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Manchester in the county of Lancaster with respect to slaughter-houses markets and other matters and to acquire lands therefor and for other purposes.

28. An act to confirm and make valid the creation and issue of preference shares by the Staines and Egham District Gas and Coke Company Limited and for other purposes.

29. An act to incorporate and confer powers on the New Swindon Gas Company.

30. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier Company and for other purposes.

31. An act to enable the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Salford to construct street works and to raise additional moneys by mortgage and by the creation and issue of Corporation stock and to make further provisions for the improvement and good government of the borough.

32. An act to enable Her Majesty's Postmaster-General to acquire Lands in London, Liverpool and Leeds, for the Public Service, and for other purposes.

33. An act to enable the Joint Committee of the County Councils of East and West Suffolk to borrow money.

34. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, relating to the City of Dublin.

35. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Beckenham, Colchester, Eccles, and Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

36. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Merchant Shipping (Pilotage) Act, 1889, relating to Liverpool and Newport (Monmouthshire).

37. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act, 1892.

38. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Union of Ballycastle.

39. An act to confirm a Scheme under the Metropolitan Commons Acts, 1866 to 1878, relating to Broom Hill Common, Darrick Common, Gumping Common, and Sparrow Common, in the Parish of Orpington, Kent.

40. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Hackney, Hammersmith, and Poplar.

41. An act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of Lands and for the completion of the Tramways authorised by the Harrow Road and Paddington Tramways Act 1891.

42. An act to amend the provisions of the Sheffield Corporation Water Acts relating to the Water Rents to be taken by the Corporation and to extend the time limited by the Sheffield Waterworks Act 1881 for the completion of certain Reservoirs and for other purposes.

43. An act to define the objects and members of the Mutual Life Assurance Society and to enlarge the powers of the Society and for other purposes.

44. An act to consolidate the bond or other debts of the Belfast Harbour Commissioners and to authorise the issue of consolidated stock.

45. An act to vest a portion of the Glebe Lands of the Rectory of Saint Martin in the City of Birmingham in Trustees upon certain trusts for the benefit (at the discretion of the Trustees) of the Incumbents for the time being of the Ecclesiastical Districts within the area of the ancient parish of Saint Martin Birmingham and for other purposes.

46. An act to abandon the Waterford and Wexford section of the undertaking authorised by the Cork and Fermoy and Waterford and Wexford Railway Act 1890 and for other purposes.

47. An act for empowering the Local Board for the district of Ilkley in the west riding of the county of York to construct additional waterworks and improve their existing water supply and to purchase the undertaking of the Ilkley Gas Company and for making better provision for the health and government of the district and for other purposes.

48. An act to extend the time for the completion of certain of the Tramways authorised by the West Metropolitan Tramways Act 1889 and for other purposes.

49. An act for conferring further powers on the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company for the acquisition of lands and the raising of money for empowering the City of Glasgow Union Railway Company to construct a new Railway and for other purposes.

50. An act to provide for the Improvement of High Street in the City of Sheffield and for other purposes.

51. An act for enabling the Ayr Harbour Trustees to convert their Mortgage Debt into Debenture Stock for altering the Constitution of the Trust and for other purposes.

52. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Eastern Railway Company for extending the periods limited for the compulsory purchase of certain Lands and for the completion of certain Works for confirming an Agreement for the purchase of the undertaking of the Wivenhoe and Brightlingsea Railway Company for authorising Agreements between the London and Blackwall Railway Company the Company and the Midland Railway Company for amendment of Acts and for other purposes.

53. An act for authorising the Costa Rica Railway Company Limited to borrow further moneys and to make provision in reference thereto and for other purposes.

54. An act for conferring further powers on the Altrincham Gas Company for the construction of works acquisition of lands laying down and maintenance of tramway and works the raising of additional capital and for other purposes.

55. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Bolton to work their own and certain suburban Tramways and for other purposes.

56. An act to authorise the Edinburgh Street Tramways Company to make and maintain additional Tramways and to confer further powers upon that Company.

57. An act for vesting in the Midland and Great Northern Railway Companies the undertaking and powers of the Eastern and Midlands Railway Company and for other purposes.

58. An act to confer Additional Powers upon the Midland Railway Company for the Construction of Works and the Acquisition of Lands and for other purposes.

59. An act to confer further powers on the Corporation of Plymouth in regard to the construction of additional waterworks and for other purposes.

60. An act to empower the London Hydraulic Power Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

61. An act to authorise the Stirling Waterworks Commissioners to acquire additional lands and to make and maintain additional works and for other purposes.

62. An act for empowering the Local Board for the District of East Stonehouse in the County of Devon to improve their existing Water Supply, and for other purposes.

58. An act for vesting the Barking Town Wharf at Barking in the county of Essex in the Barking Town Local Board and for other purposes.

64. An act to confer Further Powers upon the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway Company and for other purposes.

65. An act to confer further powers upon the Brighton and Hove General Gas Company to extend their limits for the supply of Gas to authorise the construction of New Works and the raising of additional Capital and for other purposes.

66. An act to provide for the Removal of Obstructions in certain Streets of London.

67. An act to authorise the Acquisition Preservation and Management of Lands in the Parish of Paddington for the purposes of a Recreation Ground.

68. An act for enabling the Great Eastern Railway Company to construct a new railway and other works in the county of Cambridge and for other purposes.

69. An act to authorise the Commissioners of Police of the burgh of Govan to purchase portions of the Vale of Clyde Tramways and of the Glasgow and Ibrox Tramway in the county of Lanark to authorise the use of mechanical power on all the tramways of the Commissioners and for other purposes.

70. An act to amend the Dublin (South) City Market Acts 1876 to 1884 and for other purposes.

71. An act to confer powers on the London County Council with regard to Hackney Marshes Albert Palace Battersea York Water Gate and Hilly Fields Brockley.

72. An act for conferring further powers on the Devonport Water Company for the acquisition of lands and the supply of water and for defining and extending their limits of supply and for making provisions for the purchase by the East Stonehouse Local Board of a portion of the undertaking of the Company and for the supply of water in bulk by the Company to that Local Board and for other purposes.

73. An act to enable the Manchester Ship Canal Company to sell and otherwise deal with Surplus Lands and for other purposes.

74. An act for enabling the North Eastern Railway Company to make new Railways and other works and to acquire additional lands and for other purposes.

75. An act for the Improvement of the City and Royal Burgh of Perth and the construction of new and the widening and improvement of existing streets therein and for other purposes.

76. An act to authorise the transfer of the Undertaking of the Todmorden Gas Company and other Gas Undertakings to the Todmorden Local Board and for other purposes.

77. An act for authorising the Local Board for the district of Barry and Cadoxton in the county of Glamorgan to acquire the Gas and Water Undertakings of the Barry and Cadoxton Gas and Water Company and to supply their district and other places with Gas and Water and for other purposes.

78. An act to authorise cable power to be used on the tramways acquired by the Lord Provost magistrates and town council of the city and royal burgh of Edinburgh and for other purposes.

79. An act to confer further powers upon the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company and upon the St. Helens and Wigan Junction Railway Company the Wrexham Mold and Connah's Quay Railway Company and the Blackpool Railway Company and for other purposes.

80. An act to enable the Corporation of the borough of Folkestone in the county of Kent to establish and maintain public band stands and bands and for other purposes.

81. An act to make better provision with respect to the registration and measurement of and other matters affecting certain craft for carrying goods and certain boats for carrying persons within the limits of the Watermen's and Lightermen's Amendment Act 1859, and for other purposes.

82. An act to confirm an Agreement entered into by the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board for the Purchase of certain Lands at Tranmere and for other purposes.

83. An act to change the Name of the General Life and Fire Assurance Company and to amend the Deed of Settlement and Acts of Parliament of the Company and for other purposes.

84. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Croydon.

85. An act for amending the City of London Electric Lighting (Brush) Order 1890 and the City of London (East District) Electric Lighting Order 1890 as confirmed, by the Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 15) Act 1890 and the City of London Electric Lighting (Brush) Order 1891 as confirmed by the Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 10) Act 1891.

86. An act to confer further powers on the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough, of Blackpool for the Improvement and good Government of the Borough and for other purposes.

87. An act to authorise the London and South Western Railway Company to construct a new Graving Dock at Southampton and to widen their Railway at Waterloo Station to confirm and give effect to an Agreement between the Most Noble William Duke of Devonshire and the Chiswick Local Board and the Company to confer further powers upon the Company and to make further provision with respect to their Undertaking and to confer further powers upon the Company and the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company and the Midland Railway Company respectively in reference to Joint Lines and for. other purposes.

88. An act for the Abandonment of the North West Central Railway.

89. An act to extend the time for the Completion of the authorised Railway of the Cheadle Railway Mineral and Land Company Limited and for other purposes.

90. An act for conferring further powers upon the Continental Metropolitan Tramways Company Limited.

91. An act to empower the Highland Railway Company to construct an Extension of their Railway from Strome Ferry to Kyle of Lochalsh to erect a Pier at Kyle and for other purposes.

92. An act to authorise the South Staffordshire Waterworks Company to construct New Reservoirs and other Works and to raise further Capital and for other purposes.

93. An act to extend the time for the completion of works authorised by the Corporation of London (Tower Bridge) Acts 1885 and 1889.

94. An act to make provision with respect to the existing debt of the Commissioners of Warkworth Harbour in the county of Northumberland and to empower them to borrow additional moneys and for other purposes.

95. An act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with relation to their own Undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of Undertakings in which they are jointly interested and for other purposes.

96. An act to confirm an agreement between the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Belfast and the Belfast Street Tramways Company and for other purposes.

97. An act for authorising the construction of a Railway with a Pier and Breakwater in connexion therewith at Fishguard Bay in the county of Pembroke and for other purposes.

98. An act to confer further Powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company with respect to their own Undertaking and Undertakings in which they are jointly interested and for other purposes.

99. An act to extend the objects and powers of investment of the Law Life Assurance Society to empower the Proprietors of the Society to make Regulations for its government and the management of its affairs and for other purposes.

100. An act to authorise the execution of certain works and to confer further powers on the South Eastern Railway Company in reference to their own undertaking and the undertakings of other companies and for other purposes.

101. An act to authorise the Local Board for the district of Pontypridd in the county of Glamorgan to purchase the undertaking of the Pontypridd Gaslight and Coke Company and for other purposes.

102. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Board of Agriculture relating to the Regulation of the Commons in the parish of West Tilbury in the county of Essex.

103. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Criccieth, Morecambe, Teignmouth, Tenby, Torquay, and Weymouth.

104. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Castlehaven, Deal, Sandown, and Southwold.

105. An act to confirm an Order made by the Secretary for Scotland under the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, relating to a several Oyster and Mussel Fishery at Loch Creran, Argyllshire.

106. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 to 1890, relating to Partick.

107. An act to confirm a Scheme under the Metropolitan Commons Acts, 1866 to 1878, relating to Banstead Downs, Banstead Heath, Burgh Heath, and Park Downs, in the parish of Banstead, Surrey.

108. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Cheltenham.

109. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Bradford (Yorks), Brentford, Epsom, New Windsor, Stoke-upon-Trent, and Wigan, and to the Hertford and Ware Joint Hospital District.

110. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Aberystwith, Bognor, Bridlington, Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, Cockermouth, Kidderminster, Llanelly, Ormskirk, Sheerness, Skipton, Stroud, and Ware.

111. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Plymouth.

112. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, relating to the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable thereto, of the Cranbrook and Paddock Wood Railway Company, the Glyn Valley Tramway Company, the Manchester Ship Canal Company, in respect of the Railways of the said Company, and the Stratford-upon-Avon, Towcester, and Midland Junction Railway Company.

113. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Secretary for Scotland, under Part I. of the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, relating to the City and Royal Burgh of Edinburgh.

114. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Altrincham and Bowdon, Barnet, Bridgend, and Taunton.

115. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Barnsley, Carlisle, Chichester, Neath, Newark, Newbury, and Swansea.

116. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Epsom (Rural), Sutton, and Carshalton Joint Hospital District, and the Dewsbury Joint Hospital District.

117. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Ashton in Makerfield, Brighton, Burnley, Llandudno, Newton-in-Mackerfield, Rhyl, and Smethwick.

118. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Buckpool, Findochty, and Portknockie.

119. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for forming the Brighouse, Guildford and Godalming, and Luddenden Joint Hospital Districts, the Clayton-le-Moors and Great Harwood Joint Sewerage District, and the Whitchurch Joint Cemetery District.

120. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Bury, Chard (two), Chorley (two), Darwen, and Leicester, and to the Port of Liverpool (Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

121. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Town of Granard.

122. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Town of Dungiven.

123. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Hoylake and West Kirby Water, Pocklington Water, Poole Water, and South-west Suburban Water.

124. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Town of Carlow.

125. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Maidenhead Water and Newington Water.

126. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School Boards for Chiswick, Haworth, and West Ham to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Acts amending the same.

127. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Bradford (Yorks), Buckingham (two), Clitheroe, Dewsbury, Hastings, Lancaster, and Mountain Ash, and to the Rural Sanitary Districts of the Hunslet and Ludlow Unions.

128. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Haslingden and Rawtenstall Outfall Sewerage District, the Urban Sanitary Districts of Manchester and Plymouth, the Stourbridge Main Drainage District and the Upper Stour Valley Main Sewerage District.

129. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Barking Town, Coventry, Devonport, Folkestone, Honley, Linthwaite, Reddish, Slaithwaite, and Tonbridge.

130. An act to confirm two Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the City of Manchester.

131. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Isle of Thanet (Urban) Joint Hospital District, and the Keighley and Bingley Joint Hospital District.

132. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Hereford, Monmouth, and Worcester, to the Cities of Chichester and York, and to the Rivers of the West Riding of Yorkshire.

133. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Contributory Place of Shevington.

134. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Union of Fermoy.

135. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Town of Youghal.

136. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Town of Bangor.

137. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Town of Lisburn.

138. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Stretford.

139. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Bognor, Fowey and Sheerness.

140. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Llandrindod Wells Water.

141. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Reading.

142. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Islington.

143. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Newmarket.

144. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Bromyard Gas, Llanfairfechan and Aber Gas, Otley Gas, and Swindon Gas.

145. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Newent Gas, Portishead Gas, Sheffield Gas, and Sligo Gas.

146. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act, 1886, relating to land in the Parish of St. Giles-in-the-Fields.

147. An act for constituting a portion of the Railways authorised by the North Cornwall Railway Act 1882 a separate undertaking and for other purposes.

148. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Barnsley Canal of the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers of Aire and Calder in the West Riding of the County of York in respect to minerals under or near that Canal and other matters to authorise the Undertakers to close the upper portion of such Canal to extend the time for the purchase of lands and to make further provisions in respect of their undertaking and for other purposes.

149. An act to confer further Powers on the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigations to amend the Acts relating thereto and for other purposes.

150. An act to revive and extend the powers for the purchase of lands for and to extend the time for the completion of the Brighton Rottingdean and Newhaven Direct Railway.

151. An act for making a Railway from the West Yorkshire Railway of the Great Northern Railway Company at Beeston to Leeds and Hunslet with a Bridge over the River Aire between Leeds and Hunslet and for other purposes.

152. An act to extend the limits of supply of the Bodmin Waterworks Company to enable them to construct additional works and to raise further capital and for other purposes.

153. An act for incorporating the Chipstead Valley Railway Company and authorising the construction of Railways from Walton-on-the-Hill (Surrey) to Purleyand for other purposes.

154. An act to authorise the Lord Provost Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh to widen alter and improve existing streets places and districts within the said City to make provision for the appointment of Town Clerk and to regulate that office to amend Acts and for other purposes.

155. An act to extend the period limited for the construction and completion of the Brighton Marine Palace and Pier and for other purposes.

156. An act to authorise the Runcorn Improvement Commissioners to acquire the undertaking of the Runcorn Weston and Halton Waterworks Company and to confer further powers on the Commissioners.

157. An act to authorise the Transfer of the Undertaking of the Barnoldswick Gas and Light Company Limited to the Barnoldswick Local Board and for other purposes.

158. An act for making a Tramroad along the Seashore from Brighton to Rottingdean in the County of Sussex and a Jetty or Lauding Stage at Rottingdean and for other purposes.

159. An act to authorise the Brechin and Edzell District Railway Company to make substituted railways to abandon portions of their authorised railway to extend the time for purchase of lands and completion of works to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

160. An act to authorise the Donegal Railway Company to extend their Railway to Strabane to alter the gauge of a portion of their railway and for other purposes.

161. An act for conferring further powers upon the Cheshire Lines Committee and the Sheffield and Midland Railway Companies Committee and for other purposes.

162. An act to authorise the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to construct Railways and alter and improve their Dock accommodation and Works and for other purposes.

163. An act to authorise the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway Company to divert portions of their authorised railways and make other works in the county of Derby and for other purposes.

164. An act for amalgamating the Athenry and Ennis Junction Railway Company and the Athenry and Tuam Railway Company with the Waterford and Limerick Railway Company and for other purposes.

165. An act for empowering the London and North Western Railway Company and the Great Western Railway Company to widen portions of their existing railways in the county of Chester and for other purposes.

166. An act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own Undertaking and other Undertakings in which they are interested jointly with other Companies and also for conferring Powers upon the Great Western Railway Company the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company the Portpatrick and Wigtownshire Joint Committee the Midland Railway Company and the Ashby and Nuneaton Railway Joint Committee in relation to such other Undertakings and for other purposes.

167. An act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of Lands for and for the completion of the Latimer Road and Acton Railway.

168. An act to authorise the Crystal Palace District Gas Company to raise additional Capital and convert their existing Capital and for other purposes.

169. An act to enable the Trustees of the River Weaver Navigation to construct two opening bridges across their navigation at or near Northwich in the county of Chester and in connexion therewith to make certain new roads and to divert existing lines of water pipes and gas pipes and to lay down other lines of pipes in substitution for or in addition thereto to apply to those purposes the moneys they are authorised to borrow by former Acts and for other purposes.

170. An act to revive and further extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands and to further extend the time for the completion of the Metropolitan Outer Circle Railway.

171. An act for conferring further powers upon the Bilston Township Commissioners with respect to the construction of waterworks and the supply of water within their district and for other purposes.

172. An act to confer further powers on the Plymouth Devonport and South Western Junction Railway Company.

173. An act to confer further powers on the Bexley Heath Railway Company.

174. An act to authorise the Glasgow Yoker and Clydebank Railway Company to extend their Railway to Dalmuir and to double their existing main line and for other purposes.

175. An act to empower the North British Railway Company to construct a Junction Railway between their Edinburgh and Glasgow and Monkland and Kirkintilloch Railways to construct new roads and stop up and discontinue level crossings to substitute open cutting for tunnel over portion of their Charing Cross Station at Glasgow to acquire additional lands and for other purposes.

176. An act to authorise the Sutton Rotherham and Barnsley Railway Company to construct new railways in the West Riding of the County of York to abandon certain of their authorised railways and for other purposes.

177. An act to authorise the extension of the Buildings of the Marischal College of the University of Aberdeen to provide for the removal and re-erection of Grey friars Church and other purposes.

178. An act for providing an additional supply of water to the City of Belfast and the suburban districts adjacent thereto to confer further powers on the Belfast City and District Water Commissioners and for other purposes.

179. An act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to widen the Dalmarnock Branch Railway across the River Clyde to acquire lands in Glasgow and to abandon the Mid-Calder Branch Railway for amalgamating the Greenock and Wemyss Bay Railway Company with the Caledonian Railway Company for extending and reviving the time for the purchase of lands for and for the completion of certain rail ways and works for sanctioning the Earnock Branch Railway for stopping up the Forth and Cart Junction Canal for extending the time for the sale of superfluous lands of the Caledonian and Solway Junction Railway Companies for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to raise additional money and for conferring further powers on them with respect to their undertaking and for other purposes.

180. An act to confer further Powers on the Corporation Board of Police and Water Trust of Greenock and for various other purposes.

181. An act to amend the existing provisions as to and make further provisions for the discharge of the Corporate Debt of the City of Liverpool and for the borrowing and repayment of Capital in future to consolidate rates and to abolish district rating in the City and to confer powers on the Corporation of the City and make new provisions with respect to the Northern Hospital and the Derby Museum and with respect to the Superannuation of Officers of the Corporation and with respect to Waterworks Buildings Streets Sewers Hoards Sky Signs and other matters.

182. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Wigan to construct additional Tramways and to make better provision in relation to the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes.

183. An act for empowering the Accrington Gas and Waterworks Company to raise additional Capital and for other purposes.

184. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the City of Bristol to make certain Street Improvements and for other purposes connected with their Dock Undertaking.

185. An act for incorporating the Frimley and Farnborough District Water Company and empowering them to construct Works and supply Water and for other purposes.

186. An act to effect a settlement of the affairs of the Portsea Island Building Society.

187. An act for incorporating the Waterloo and City Railway Company and for empowering them to construct an Underground Railway from near Waterloo Station to Mansion House Street City and for other purpose.

188. An act to provide for the Constitution of the City and Royal Burgh of Glasgow as a County of a City, and for other purposes connected therewith.

189. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Abergavenny, Bolton, Kingston-upon-Hull, Wolverhampton, and Worthing.

190. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade in pursuance of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1873, relating to the Tees Fishery District.

191. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts.

192. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts.

193. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Blackpool Corporation Tramways, Manchester Corporation Tramways, and Plymouth Corporation Tramways.

194. An act to confer further powers on the Lord Provost Magistrates and Town Council of the City and Royal Burgh of Aberdeen with reference to their Gas and Water Undertakings to make more effectual provision for the prevention of the pollution of the River Dee and for other purposes.

195. An act to authorise the construction of new sewers and to make better provision in relation to the health local government and improvement of the borough of Ashton-under-Lyne and for other purposes.

196. An act for incorporating the East Fife Central Railway Company and authorising the Construction of Railways in the county of Fife and for other purposes.

197. An act to confer further powers on the Metropolitan District Railway Company and for other purposes.

198. An act for the amalgamation of the Undertaking of the Dock Company at Kingston-upon-Hull with the Undertaking of the North Eastern Railway Company and for other purposes.

199. An act for incorporating the Aberlady Gullane and North Berwick Railway Company and authorising the construction of lailways in the county of Haddingion and for other purposes.

200. An act to enable the Gifford and Garvald Railway Company to construct a Deviation Railway and for other purposes.

201. An act to authorise the Great North of Scotland Railway Company to extend their Railway to buy Additional Land and for other purposes.

202. An act to confer further powers on the London County Council with respect to their existing subways.

203. An act for the abandonment of the Towcester and Buckingham Railway and the repayment of the deposit fund.

204. An act to confer further powers upon the Corporation of the borough of West Ham and to make further provision for the good government of that borough and for other purposes.

205. An act for incorporating the West Hampshire Water Company and empowering them to construct waterworks and supply water and for other purposes.

206. An act to enable the Barry Railway Company to construct a new Dock new Railways a Tram road and other works and for other purposes.

207. An act to empower the City and South London Railway Company to make an Underground Railway to Islington and to extend the time for the purchase of lands for and for the completion of the Underground Railway authorised by the City and South London Railway Act 1890 and for other purposes.

208. An act to authorise the Lord Provost Magistrates and Council of the City of Glasgow to construct additional Tramways and for other purposes.

209. An act to place the Stray under the control and management of the Corporation of Harrogate and to make better provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of the Borough of Harrogate.

210. An act to make further provision for the Local Government of the City of Leeds to authorise certain Street Improvements and for other purposes.

211. An act to regulate the expenditure of Money by the London County Council on Capital Account during the current Financial Period and the raising of Money to meet such Expenditure.

212. An act to extend the time for the completion of certain authorised Tramways of the London Deptford and Greenwich Tramways Company to authorise the use of mechanical power on the Tramways of the Company and for other purposes.

213. An act to revive the powers and extend the time for the compulsory purchase of Lands for and to extend the time for the completion of the Pier or Jetty Railway and Works authorised by the Brean Down Harbour and Railway Act 1889.

214. An act for incorporating the Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway Company and for empowering them to construct underground Railways from Charing Cross to Hampstead with a branch to Euston Station and for other purposes.

215. An act to extend the boundaries of the borough of Saint Helens in the county of Lancaster to consolidate the townships within the borough to dissolve the Burial Board and to make better provision for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes.

216. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Blackpool Saint Anne's and Lytham Tramways Company and for other purposes.

217. An act for authorising the Fleetwood Improvement Commissioners to establish maintain work and regulate a Ferry across the River Wyre between Fleetwood and Knot End and for making further and better provision for the Improvement Health and good Government of the Urban Sanitary District of Fleetwood and for other purposes.

218. An act to provide for the abandonment of the undertaking authorised by the Garve and Ullapool Railway Act 1890.

219. An act for incorporating the South Leeds Junction Railway Company and for other purposes.

220. An act to authorise the use of mechanical power upon the undertaking of the Dublin Southern District Tramways Company to enable that company to acquire the undertaking of the Blackrock and Kingstown Tramways Company and for other purposes.

221. An act to provide for the representation of certain County Councils on the Thames Conservancy Board to empower the Council to prohibit or regulate the erection of dwelling-houses on low lands subject to floods to confer powers on the Council with respect to their procedure investigations on various subjects prevention of epidemic diseases the requiring of returns the re-arrangement of wards compensation to workmen, and electric lighting to provide against the giving of false alarms of fire to extend and explain the powers of the Council with respect to sky signs and with respect to bands and to confer certain powers on Vestries and District Boards.

222. An act to confer Further Powers on the Derry City and County Railway Company and for other purposes.

223. An act to revive and extend the powers of the Cleveland Extension Mineral Railway Company.

224. An act to constitute a Joint Drainage Board for the township of Blackrock and the township of Kingstown in the county of Dublin to confer powers on such Board for the construction of sewers and other purposes to confer additional powers on the Blackrock and Kingstown Township Commissioners and for other purposes.

225. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates, Tolls, and Charges applicable thereto, of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Company.

226. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates, Tolls, and Charges applicable thereto, of the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers Aire and Calder.

227. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Tolls and Charges applicable thereto, of the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal.

228. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Tolls and Charges applicable thereto, of the Warwick and Birmingham Canal Company.

229. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Carshalton, Festiniog, Macclesfield, Northampton, Ossett, and Richmond (Surrey), and to the Rural Sanitary District of the Wakefield Union.

