Local Acts passed in 1896, 59 & 60 Victoria c.1-253.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 33.
---

1. An act to extend the time for the completion of the Acton -Junction Railway of the Metropolitan District Railway Company.

2. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Tottenham to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts.

3. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to a portion of the Parish of Kensington St. Mary Abbotts and to the St. Olave and Strand Districts in the County of London.

4. An act to confirm a Provisional Order for forming a Compensation District and establishing a Compensation Board under the Brine Pumping (Compensation for Subsidence) Act 1891.

5. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Cupar Water.

6. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Secretary for Scotland under Part I. of the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 relating to the City and Royal Burgh of Aberdeen.

7. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act 1863 and the Acts amending the same relating to the Bunkey Drainage District in the Counties of Limerick and Tipperary.

8. An act to make provision with reference to the winding-up of the Kent and Surrey Permanent Benefit Building Society.

9. An act to extend the time for the sale of superfluous lands of the Millwall Dock Company.

10. An act for incorporating the Uxbridge and Rickmansworth Railway Company and for other purposes.

11. An act to enable the Liverpool Warehousing Company Limited to issue transferable certificates and warrants for the delivery of goods and for other purposes.

12. An act to authorise the transfer of the undertaking of the Liverpool Electric Supply Company Limited to the Corporation of Liverpool.

13. An act to confer further powers on the Cheltenham Gas Light and Coke Company and for other purposes.

14. An act to incorporate the subscribers to the Customs' Annuity and Benevolent Fund and for other purposes.

15. An act to enable certain alterations to be made in the Plan of Arrangement of the affairs of the English Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank and for other purposes.

16. An act to confer further powers on the Waterford and Central Ireland Railway Company for the construction of new Railways to form part of the Central Ireland Railway to authorise that Company and the Kilkenny Junction Railway Company to amalgamate their undertakings and for other purposes.

17. An act to revive and extend some of the powers of the Sutton Bridge Dock Company to make further provisions with respect to their unissued capital and for other purposes.

18. An act for incorporating the Bideford Westward Ho! and Appledore Railway Company and for other purposes.

19. An act to provide for the transfer of Cavendish Bridge to the County Council of Leicestershire and for the transfer of Harrington and Willington Bridges to the County Council of Derbyshire and for winding up the trusts of the said Bridges and for other purposes.

20. An act for empowering the Dewsbury and Heckmondwike Waterworks Board to construct additional Waterworks and for other purposes.

21. An act to incorporate and confer powers on the Liverpool Cattle Market Company and for other purposes.

22. An act for appropriating the Leper Hospital of Saint Stephen in the City of Waterford and converting the same into a Public Infirmary for the County of Waterford and the County of the City of Waterford and to make provision for the establishment management and maintenance of the said Infirmary and for other purposes.

23. An act for the granting of further powers to the Guildford Gaslight and Coke Company.

24. An act to confer further powers upon the Great Eastern Railway Company and for other purposes.

25. An act for conferring further powers on the Ilfracombe Gas Company.

26. An act to make further provision respecting the Gas and Water Supply of the Corporation of Rotherham and for other purposes.

27. An act for the granting of further powers to the Fylde Waterworks Company and for other purposes.

28. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green.

29. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Clitheroe Goole Halifax Llandudno Plymouth Stratford-upon-Avon Swansea and Wallasey.

30. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Brighouse Fulstone-and-Hepworth Hanley-Stoke-and-Fenton Hertford-and-Ware Isle-of-Thanet Sittingbourne-and-Milton Stone Stroud and Wallsend-and-Willington-Quay Joint Hospital Districts.

31. An act for the conversion of the existing Preference Stock of the Buenos Ayres and Ensenada Port Railway Company Limited and for other purposes. '(Buenos Ayres and Ensenada Port Railway Company's.)

32. An act for empowering the Corporation of Birmingham to make certain deviations of the Aqueduct authorised by the Birmingham Corporation Water Act 1892 and to construct an additional short line of railway and to acquire additional lands and for other purposes.

33. An act to extend the time for completing and opening the Brighton and Rottingdean Seashore Electric Tram road to raise additional Capital and for other purposes.

34. An act to confer additional powers on the Trustees of the Harbour of Dundee and to amend the Acts relating to the Harbour and for other purposes.

35. An act to amend the Glasgow Delinquency Prevention and Repression Act 1878.

36. An act for amending the Metropolitan Market Acts 1857 and 1865 and for other purposes.

37. An act to authorise the construction of Railways from and to Muirkirk Mauchline and Dalmellington and other places in the County of Ayr.

38. An act for empowering the British Gas Light Company Limited to extend their Works and to expend further Capital at Norwich.

39. An act to amend the Great Northern London Cemetery Act 1876 in reference to the disposal of superfluous lands and for other purposes.

40. An act for empowering the Corporation of the Royal Burgh of Irvine to construct a Weir or Dam across the River Irvine to construct a new Bridge over the said river with roads of access thereto to widen alter and improve streets and for other purposes.

41. An act for reconstituting the Company of Free Fishers and Dredgers of Whitstable in the county of Kent and for altering and enlarging their powers and for other purposes.

42. An act for vesting the undertaking of the South Leeds Junction Railway Company in the East and West Yorkshire Union Railways Company and for other purposes.

43. An act to empower the National Life Assurance Society and the Mutual Life Assurance Society to amalgamate and for other purposes.

44. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of King's Lynn to cover over a portion of the Mill Fleet and with the consent of the Commissioners of Sewers for the County of Norfolk to use the Middleton Stop Drain as storm overflows and to raise additional moneys and for other purposes.

45. An act for the creation of New Preferred and Deferred Converted Ordinary Shares of William Hancock and Company Limited and for other purposes.

46. An act for incorporating the Cawood Wistow and Selby Light Railway Company and for other purposes.

47. An act to authorise the Newport Godshill and St. Lawrence Railway Company to further improve and extend their Railway towards Ventnor and for other purposes.

48. An act to amend Section 61 of the Leeds Hydraulic Power Act 1886.

49. An act to extend the time limited by the Padiham Local Board Act 1889 for the construction of certain works thereby authorised.

50. An act to empower the Corporation of the Borough of South Shields to apply for an increase of Aldermen and Councillors to construct Street Tramway Quay and other works to make better provision for the health and good government of the Borough and for other purposes.

51. An act to enable the London County Council to work their Tramways and for other purposes.

52. An act to empower the Corporation of Barnsley to obtain Water from Hagg Brook and other tributaries of the River Porter or Little Don in the Township of Bradfield for the supply of the Borough of Barnsley and other places and to borrow further Money to extend their Limits of Water Supply and for other purposes.

53. An act to extend the Agreement scheduled to the Sheffield Tramways Act 1872 and to authorise the winding up voluntarily of the Sheffield Tramways Company.

54. An act to authorise the Company of Proprietors of Lambeth Waterworks to execute further works and to raise further money and for other purposes.

55. An act to transfer to and vest in the Urban District Council of the Urban District of Brixham in the County of Devon the undertaking of the Commissioners for improving

the Harbour and Market of Brixham to dissolve those Commissioners and for other purposes.

56. An act to authorise the Mersey Railway Company to work the Traffic on their Railways by Electrical or other Motive Power and for other purposes.

57. An act for authorizing the Bexhill Water and Gas Company to acquire additional Lands and to raise further Capital and for other purposes.

58. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Colwyn Bay and District Gas Company.

59. An act to empower the Roxburgh Berwick and Selkirk District Board of Lunacy to construct Waterworks for the supply of water to their Asylum to make provision for the cost of such works and for other purposes.

60. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Cowes Gas Company.

61. An act to provide an additional supply of Water to the Burgh of Falkirk and districts and places adjacent and for the construction and maintenance of new and additional Waterworks to confer further powers on the Falkirk and Larbert Water Trustees and for other purposes.

62. An act for making a Railway from Stroud to Painswick to be called the Stroud and Painswick (Light) Railway and for other purposes.

63. An act for conferring on the Corporation of the borough of Stafford further sanitary and other powers.

64. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Manchester in the County of Lancaster with respect to Street Improvements and other works and the acquisition of Lands to provide for the transfer of the Monsall Hospital to the Corporation and for extending the limits for the Supply of Water by the Corporation and for other purposes.

65. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Leeds to construct additional Tramways and for other purposes.

66. An act for making a Light Railway between Salehurst in the county of Sussex and Tenterden in the county of Kent and for other purposes.

67. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the county borough of Huddersfield to construct additional Waterworks and for other purposes.

68. An act to empower the District Committee of the Middle Ward of the County of Lanark to abandon certain Works authorised by the Lanarkshire (Middle Ward District) Water Act 1892 and to construct additional Waterworks to amend the provisions of that Act to authorise and require the County Council of the County of Lanark to levy Assessments and to borrow Money and for other purposes.

69. An act for transferring to the Great Southern and Western Railway Company the powers of the Drumcondra and North Dublin Link Railway Company incorporated by the Drumcondra and North Dublin Link Railway Act 1894 to empower the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to abandon the construction of Railway No. 2 authorised by that Act and to construct another Railway in lieu thereof to stop up certain Streets and Roads to enter into Agreements with other Companies and for other purposes.

70. An act for empowering the Cambrian Railways Company to make approach roads to certain of their Stations to acquire additional Lands to raise further Money for those purposes and also for doubling and improving their Line and for other purposes.

71. An act for authorizing the Ystradyfodwg Urban District-Council to acquire the Gas and Water Undertakings of the Ystrad Gas and Water Company to construct Waterworks and for other purposes.

72. An act to extend the District of the Malvern Link Urban District Council to authorise the Urban District Council of the extended District to construct Waterworks for the supply thereof and for other purposes.

73. An act to authorise the Governor and Company of Chelsea Waterworks to lay down a New Main from West Molesey to Surbiton to construct an additional Filter Bed and other Works at Surbiton and to raise further money by debenture stock and to confer further powers upon them.

74. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Bridgwater and to the Counties of Cambridge and Hertford.

75. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the* Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Devon Dorset Gloucester Somerset Warwick Wilts and Worcester.

76. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the City of Oxford and the Parish of Whitechapel.

77. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act 1867 and any Acts amending the same relating to Bonnybridge Dennyloanhead Parkfoot Longcroft Haggs and Hollandbush Water.

78. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888 containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic and the Schedule of Maximum Rates Tolls and Charges applicable thereto for the Strabane Canal.

79. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888 containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic and the Schedule of Maximum Tolls and Charges applicable thereto for the Caledonian and Crinan Canals.

80. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888 containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic and the Schedule of Maximum Tolls and Charges applicable thereto for the Canals of the Burwell Fen Drainage and Navigation Commissioners and certain other Canals.

81. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 relating to lands in the Parishes of St. John the Evangelist Westminster and All Saints Poplar.

82. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Cowes Folkestone Gloucester Huddersfield King's Lynn Manchester and Wells.

83. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Colwyn Bay and Colwyn Devonport Godalming Kettering Kingstown and Middleton.

84. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Ashton-on-Mersey and Bucklow and Keswick.

85. An act to confirm two Provisional Orders made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Londonderry and Ballinasloe.

86. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of the Belfast Union.

87. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Town of.Portrush.

88. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Coleraine.

89. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of the Sligo Union.

90. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Sanitary Districts of Queenstown Larne Manorhamilton and Donegal.

91. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of the Sligo Union.

92. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of Mullingar.

93. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 relating to the Langley Chedgrave and Toft Monks Marshes in the Parishes of Langley Chedgrave Toft Monks Stockton Haddiscoe Loddon Raveningham and Reedhaxn in the county of Norfolk.

94. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Birchington Bexhill Herne Bay Penzance Porthgain Stonehaven and Studland.

95. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Chester-le-Street and Pelton Gas Maidstone Gas and Settle Gas.

96. An act to transfer the Upper and Lower Boyne Navigations to the Boyne Navigation Company (Limited).

97. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 relating to the London and English Channel Pilotage Districts.

98. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Fort William Gas and Laindon Gas and Water.

99. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act 1867 and any Acts amending the same relating to Kelty Water.

100. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Ports of Colchester Newcastle North Shields Plymouth South Shields and Weymouth.

101. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Axbridge Basford Bath Cambridge Carlisle Hanwell Richmond (Surrey) Southall-Norwood Stocksbridge Waltham-Holy-Cross and Woking.

102. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Chorley Epsom-(Rural)-Sutton-Carshalton-and-Leatherhead Evesham Guildford-Godalming-and* Woking Havant Lanchester Liversedge-and-Mirfield and Luddenden Joint Hospital Districts.

103. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Church-and-Clayton-le-Moors Clayton-le-Moors-and-Great-Harwood Conway-and-Colwyn-Bay Stourbridge Upper-Stour-Valley Whitchurch and Ystradyfodwg-and-Pontypridd United Districts.

104. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Bromley-and-Beckenham Calverley Dewsbury North Bierley Pontefract Rochester-and-Chatham Tamworth Thornton Warwick and Wirral Joint Hospital Districts.

105. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Barnstaple Bournemouth (two) Devonport Oxford Prestwich Southport and Stapleton.

106. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Oakwell Sandown-and-Shanklin Tiverton and Uxbridge Joint Hospital Districts.

107. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Accrington and Church Birmingham Tame and Rea Darenth Valley and Richmond (Surrey) United Districts.

108. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Aberavon Ashton-under-Lyne Derby Hexham and Stalybridge and to the Braintree and Keighley-and-Bingley Joint Hospital Districts.

109. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the County of Hertford and the City of Liverpool (two).

110. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Batley Darlington Haverfordwest Lancaster Manchester and Mountain Ash.

111. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Burnley Leicester Oldham Wigan and Wolverhampton.

112. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 and the Public Health Act 1875 relating to Great Driffield Sandwich South Molton and Tiverton.

113. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Warrington.

114. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act 1867 and Acts amending the same relating to Culter Water.

115. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act 1867 and any Acts amending the same relating to Dalmeny and Kirkliston Water.

116. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of Larne.

117. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bray Cork Liverpool Queenstown Rathmines and Rathgar and Sale.

118. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Great Berkhamsted and Northchurch Great Crosby and Waterloo Margate and Pembroke Township.

119. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Battersea Camberwell and St. Saviour's District.

120. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Aberdeen District Tramways Blackpool Corporation Tramways Bristol Tramways Dover Corporation Tramways Hull Corporation Tramways Manchester Corporation Tramways and Plymouth Corporation Tramways.

121. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Dunoon Helensburgh and Killybegs.

122. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892.

123. An act to authorise the Matlock Bath and Scarthin Nick Urban District Council to supply Gas and to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Matlock Bath Gaslight and Coke Company Limited to the said Council and for other purposes.

124. An act to provide for the collection and appropriation of the Falmouth Hector's Rate and the eventual suspension or abolition of the same and for annexing to the See of Truro the advowson of the Rectory of Falmouth and for other purposes.

125. An act to extend the Boundaries of the Borough of Waterford to transfer to the Corporation the powers for fiscal purposes of the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Waterford to make further provision as to buildings streets and sanitary matters and for other purposes.

126. An act for conferring further powers on the South Eastern Railway Company and to make further provision with respect to their own undertaking and other undertakings in which they are interested and for other purposes.

127. An act to authorise the transfer of certain Waterworks to the East Surrey Water Company and to extend the limits of supply of and confer further powers upon that Company and for other purposes.

128. An act to confer further powers on the London Brighton and South Coast and London and South Western Railway Companies to authorise certain alterations of the Chipstead Valley Railway and for other purposes.

129. An act to revive the powers and extend the period for construction of the Blackpool Saint Anne's and Lytham Tramways in the County Palatine of Lancaster and for other purposes.

130. An act to alter the North Shore Works authorised to be constructed by the Blackpool Improvement Act 1893 and for other purposes.

131. An act for the amalgamation of Foyle College and the Londonderry Academical Institution.

132. An act to empower the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Gateshead Gas Company to purchase additional lands to make additional works and to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

133. An act to authorise the Waterworks Commissioners of Kirkcaldy and Dysart to make and maintain additional works for providing an increased Water Supply and for other purposes.

134. An act for conferring further powers upon the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and the London and North Western Railway Company with regard to their respective undertakings and with regard to the North Union Preston and Longridge and Preston and Wyre Undertakings of those Companies and for other purposes.

135. An act to confer further powers upon the Borough of Portsmouth Waterworks Company as to the construction of works and for other purposes.

136. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Sheffield to work and use their Sheffield Tramways Undertaking.

137. An act to authorise the transfer of the undertaking of the Shoreham and District Waterworks Company to and to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Brighton and for other purposes.

138. An act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company to empower the Great Eastern Railway Company to grant a further lease of their Ramsey Railway to that Company to vest in the Great Northern and Great Eastern Joint Committee the undertaking of the Ramsey and Somersham Junction Railway Company and for other purposes.

139. An act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and for other purposes.

140. An act to authorise the North British Railway Company to acquire additional lands to extend the time limited by certain Acts for the compulsory purchase of lands and completion of works to legalise and sanction a widening of a portion of the Forth and Clyde Junction Railway near Buchlyvie Station to authorise the said Company to raise further capital and for other purposes.

141. An act to authorise the Swansea Harbour Trustees to make a new entrance to the half-tide Basin of the Town Float to construct a Lock to form a new entrance to the half-tide Basin of the South Dock a Railway and other works to borrow further money and for other purposes.

142. An act to make further and better provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of the Borough of Royal Leamington Spa and for other purposes.

143. An act to reconstitute the Board of Directors of the Freshwater Yarmouth and Newport Railway Company for raising further moneys and for other purposes.

144. An act to empower the Great Western Railway Company to make new Railways in the county of Denbigh and to authorise Agreements between that Company and the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company and the London and North Western Railway Company and for other purposes.

145. An act to enable the Port Talbot Railway and Docks Company to construct new Railways and works in the Ogmore Valleys in the county of Glamorgan to acquire the Morfa Railway and the Cefn and Pyle Railway and for other purposes.

146. An act to confer further powers upon the Belfast Street Tramways Company and for other purposes.

147. An act for incorporating the Blackpool and Fleetwood Tramroads Company and empowering them to construct a Tram road and Tramway between Blackpool and Fleetwood and for other purposes.

148. An act to transfer Burton Bridge to the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Burton-upon-Trent in the County of Stafford to enable them to widen little Burton Bridge to make further provision for the good government of the Borough and for other purposes.

149. An act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and other undertakings in which they are interested jointly with other Companies and also for conferring powers upon the Great Western Railway Company and the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company and for other purposes.

150. An act for empowering the Visiting Committee of the North Wales Counties Lunatic Asylum to execute works foi supplying the said Asylum with water and for other purposes.

151. An act to confer further powers upon the Portsmouth Street Tramways Company and for other purposes.

152. An act to enable the Corporation of Yeovil to construct an additional Reservoir and other waterworks and to raise money for the purpose by borrowing on mortgage or otherwise.

153. An act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands and completion of Works authorised by the Weaver Navigation Act 1893 and for other purposes.

154. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Preston to construct further works to borrow additional moneys for the purposes of the Ribble Navigation and Preston Dock Undertaking and for other purposes.

155. An act to authorise the Burntisland Harbour Commissioners to construct a Wet Dock and other works to provide for an alteration of the constitution of the Commissioners and to confer on the Commissioners the North British Railway Company and the Magistrates and Town Council of Burntisland further powers with reference to the Harbour and for other purposes.

156. An act to confer further powers on the North Cornwall Railway Company.

157. An act to confer further powers on the Metropolitan District Railway Company and for other purposes.

158. An act for authorizing the construction of works for supplying Sea Water to certain parts of London and other places and for other purposes.

159. An act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of works and the acquisition of additional lands and for other purposes.

160. An act to confer further powers on the Caledonian Railway Company in relation to their undertaking to confer running powers and facilities on the Caledonian Railway Company and the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company over certain Railways of those Companies respectively to extend the time for the sale of superfluous lands of the Cathcart District Railway Company to revive and extend the time for the purchase of lands for and for the completion of certain Railways and works of the Caledonian Railway Company and the Railways and works authorised by the Dumbarton and Balloch Joint Line &c. Act 1892 and for other purposes.

161. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Amersham Beaconsfield and District Water Burnham and District Water East Huntingdonshire Water Hemel Hempstead Water Maidstone Water and Tilehurst Pangbourne and District Water.

162. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Armagh.

163. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of Listowel.

164. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1893 to enable the School Boards for Acton Brighton-and-Preston United District Chiswick Linthwaite Swansea United District and Willesden to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts.

165. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888 relating to the Classification of Merchandise Traffic and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges of the Lee-on-the-Solent Light Railway Company the Liverpool St. Helens and South Lancashire Railway Company the Wrexham and Ellesmere Railway Company and the Donoughmore Extension Light Railway Company Limited.

166. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Blyth and Cowpen Tramways Oldham Ashton-under-Lyne Hyde and District Electric Tramways Potteries Extension Tramways and Swansea (Constitution Hill) Tramway.

167. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Abergele and Pensarn Bridgnorth Caerphilly Knighton Litherland Swansea and Teignmouth.

168. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban District of Blackpool and the Rural Districts of Chelmsford Hartley and South Mimms.

169. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Cheltenham Shrewsbury and Warrington.

170. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Wolverhampton.

171. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Nottingham.

172. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Longton.

173. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts.

174. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Board of Agriculture relating to the Regulation of Darwen Moor in the Borough of Darwen.

175. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Allerton Little Woolton Much Woolton Childwall and Garston Bath and Merthyr Tydfil.

176. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to New Ross and Weston-super-Mare.

177. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Emsworth and Oban.

178. An act for conferring further powers on the Aldershot Gas and Water Company for the construction of a Tramroad and the acquisition of lands for that purpose the defining and extending their limits of Water Supply also empowering the Company to enter into an agreement with the North Camp and Famborough District Gas Company Limited the raising of additional capital and for other purposes.

179. An act to confer further borrowing powers on the Provost Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Kilmarnock in respect of their Water Undertaking.

180. An act to enlarge and alter the scope of the Meal Charity created by the Trust Disposition and Settlement of John Ogilvie for the benefit of the Poor of the Parishes of Airth and Bothkennar in the County of Stirling and for other purposes.

181. An act to authorise the construction of certain Street Improvements and the taking of lands in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts Kensington in the County of London and for other purposes.

182. An act to enable the Manchester Ship Canal Company to alter certain works authorised by the Manchester Ship Canal Act 1885 and the Manchester Ship Canal (Tidal Openings &c.) Act 1890 to make a Railway at Salford and other works to amend the former Acts of the Company and for other purposes.

183. An act to empower the Midland Railway Company to construct a Harbour at Heysham in Morecambe Bay to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company and the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes.

184. An act to authorise the North Metropolitan Railway and Canal Company to make alterations and improvements in their Canal and for other purposes.

185. An act to provide for the partition between the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company and the North British Railway Company of the undertaking of the City of Glasgow Union Railway Company and for other purposes.

186. An act to empower the Llanelly Harbour and Burry Navigation Commissioners to construct a Dock and new Cut for the River Lliedi and other works for the improvement of the Port and Harbour of Llanelly and to borrow' moneys with the consent of the Urban District Council of Llanelly and for other purposes.

187. An act for extending the limits of supply of the Eastbourne Waterworks Company and for conferring further powers on the Company for the construction of works the raising of capital and otherwise in relation to their undertaking.

188. An act to empower the London County Council to purchase lands for various purposes to extend the time for purchase of lands at York Water Gate to confer further powers on the Council with respect to main roads to confer further powers on Vestries and District Boards of Works and for other purposes.

189. An act to authorise the London Tramways Company (Limited) to construct additional Tramways and for other purposes.

190. An act to empower the Corporation of Sheffield to construct Works for impounding the waters of the River Porter or Little Don and its tributaries and to supply water to the Corporations of Rotherham and Doncaster and to acquire the Water Undertaking of the Stocksbridge Urban District Council and for other purposes.

191. An act to empower the Callander and Oban Railway Company to extend their Railway from Connel Ferry to Ballachulish and for other purposes.

192. An act to make amendments in the Acts of the Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway Company with respect (among other matters) to the reverter in certain events of lands to Lord Tredegar and for other purposes.

193. An act to enable the Barry Railway Company to construct new Railways and to exercise certain running powers and for other purposes.

194. An act to extend the time for the completion of the authorised Railways of the Easton and Church Hope Railway Company and for other purposes.

195. An act to enable the London Chatham and Dover Railway Company to raise further capital and for other purposes.

196. An act for altering the limits for the supply of gas and water of the Bournemouth Gas and Water Company and for authorising that Company to construct new Gasworks and Waterworks and to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

197. An act to authorise the Cork Blackrock and Passage Railway Company to extend their Railway to Crosshaven and to confer further powers on the Company in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes.

198. An act to transfer the undertaking of the Cornwall Minerals Railway Company to the Great Western Railway Company and to empower the Great Western Railway Company to raise additional Capital.

199. An act to confer further powers on the Corporation of the City of Glasgow and for other purposes.

200. An act to vest the Shortlands and Nunhead Railwaydn the London Chatham and Dover Railway Company to empower that Company to acquire additional lands and for other purposes.

201. An act to enable the Realisation and Debenture Corporation of Scotland Limited to create debenture and preference stock and for other purposes.

202. An act to extend some of the powers of the Brighton Marine Palace and Pier Company to make further provision with respect to the completion of the Pier and works and for other purposes.

203. An act to amalgamate the Burgh of Portobello with the City and Royal Burgh of Edinburgh and to extend the boundaries of the City and Royal Burgh and the County of the City of Edinburgh to extend the limits of compulsory Water Supply to transfer to the Corporation of Edinburgh the Gasworks and undertaking of the Portobello Gas Light Company Limited to amend and extend the Edinburgh Municipal and Police and other Acts and for other purposes.

204. An act to authorise the Edinburgh Street Tramways Company to extend their Tramways and for other purposes.

205. An act to revive the powers and extend the time limited by the Highland Railway (New Lines) Act 1890 for the completion of Railway No. 2 authorised by that Act.

206. An act to authorise the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway Company to construct certain Branch Railways and acquire additional lands in connexion with their Chesterfield and Lincoln Separate Undertaking and for other purposes.

207. An act to confer further powers upon the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company the Cheshire Lines Committee and the Manchester South Junction and Altrincham Railway Company to incorporate the Dee and Birkenhead Committee by the name of the North Wales and Liverpool Railway Committee and for other purposes.

208. An act to authorise the widening of part of the Strand on the south side and the taking of lands in the Parishes of St. Martin-in-the-Fields and St Clement Danes and for other purposes.

209. An act to authorise the Wallasey Urban District Council to construct a Promenade and other works to acquire certain lands and for other purposes.

210. An act for conferring further powers on the Vale of Glamorgan Railway Company for the completion of their authorised Railways.

211. An act to enable the London County Council to construct Tramways over Vauxhall Bridge as about to be reconstructed and the approaches thereto in the County of London and for other purposes.

212. An act to enable the Port Talbot Railway and Docks Company to construct new Railways in the County of Glamorgan to join the South Wales Mineral Railway and a Railway known as the Whitworth Railway and to acquire the last-mentioned Railway and for other purposes.

213. An act for the protection reclamation and improvement of the Undercliff near Dover and lands adjoining the same and for other purposes.

214. An act to regulate the expenditure of Money by the London County Council on Capital Account during the current Financial Period and the raising of Money to meet such expenditure.

215. An act to extend the time for the completion of the Dundee Suburban Railway and for other purposes.

216. An act to make further provisions with respect to the subscription by the North Staffordshire Railway Company to the funds of the Cheadle Railway Mineral and Land Company Limited to confirm certain agreements between those Companies to change the name of the Company and for other purposes.

217. An act for conferring further Powers on the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and upon that Company and the Caledonian Railway Company with respect to their joint undertaking and for other purposes.

218. An act to empower the Great Western Railway Company to make new Railways in the Counties of Wilts and Gloucester and for other purposes.

219. An act to empower the West Highland Railway Corn-pany to extend their Railway from Fort William to Ballachulish and for other purposea (West Highland Railway.)

220. An act to extend the boundaries of the Borough of Drogheda to provide for the transfer to the Corporation of Drogheda of the undertaking of the Drogheda Waterworks Company to authorise the issue of Corporation Stock and for other purposes.

221. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Brighton and for other purposes.

222. An act to authorise the Donegal Railway Company to extend their Railway from Strabane to Londonderry and from Donegal to Ballyshannon to make agreements with the Londonderry Port and Harbour Commissioners and the Londonderry Bridge Commissioners and for other purposes.

223. An act to authorise the use of mechanical power upon portions of the undertaking of the Dublin United Tramways Company and for other purposes.

224. An act to authorise the Lord Provost Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh to widen alter and improve certain streets places and districts within the said City to make new works to construct Tramways to provide additional accommodation for the conduct of Corporation business to acquire lands to amend Acts and for other purposes.

225. An act for conferring further powers upon the Metropolitan Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company and the Great Western and London and North Western Railway Companies in relation to undertakings in which they are jointly interested and for other purposes.

226. An act to convert the capital of the South Metropolitan Gas Company and for other purposes.

227. An act to confer further powers on the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Company.

228. An act to incorporate the Kidderminster and Stourport Electric Tramway Company and to empower the Company to construct Tramways and for other purposes.

229. An act to confer further powers upon the Governor and Company of the New River brought from Chadwell and Amwell to London commonly called the New River Company for the execution of new works the purchase of additional lands and the raising of further money and for other purposes.

230. An act for making a Railway to be called the Marlborough and Grafton Railway and for other purposes.

231. An act to authorise the reconstruction of the bridge across the River Tyne known as the Redheugh Bridge and for other purposes.

232. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the Midland Railway Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of undertakings in which they are jointly interested for amalgamating the Abbotsbury Much Wenlock and Severn Junction Marlborough Milford Wenlock Vale of Llangollen Llangollen and Corwen and Corwen and Bala Railway Companies with the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes.

233. An act to empower the Taff Vale Railway Company to construct new Railways and other works and acquire lands to amend certain provisions contained in the Acts relating to the Barry Dock and Railway Company and to the Bute Docks and for other purposes.

234. An act to authorise the Corporation of Glasgow to acquire lands and construct works for sewage purposes to raise further moneys and for other purposes.

235. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Armagh.

236. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Bedford Chester Essex Flint Gloucester Hertford Huntingdon Middlesex West Suffolk and Wilts.

237. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Plymouth.

238. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board under the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 relating to Birkenhead and Leeds.

239. An act for making further and better provision for the improvement health and good government of the Urban District of Bilston and for other purposes.

240. An act for making a Railway and Pier in the County of Inverness to be called the Invergarry and Fort Augustus Railway and for other purposes.

241. An act to authorise the construction of new reservoirs at Staines and other works for affording an additional supply of Water for certain districts north of the River Thames and for other purposes.

242. An act to enable the Birmingham North Warwickshire and Stratford-upon-Avon Railway Company to lay an additional line of rails on portions of the Evesham Redditch and Stratford-upon-Avon Junction and the East and West Junction Railways and in connexion therewith to improve and equip such portions of those railways to enable the Company to raise further capital and for other purposes.

243. An act to confer further powers upon the Brading Harbour Improvement and Railway Company and for other purposes.

244. An act to empower the Neath Pontardawe and Brynaman Railway Company and the Great Western Railway Company to enter into working and traffic agreements.

245. An act to enable the Barry Urban District Council to acquire Cadoxton Common and to maintain and regulate the same to construct new Waterworks to extend the limits of Gas and Water Supply for conferring further powers in relation to Buildings Streets and Sanitary matters for making further and better provision for the improvement health and local government of the District and for other purposes.

246. An act to extend the City of Belfast and for other purposes.

247. An act to make provision as to the admission to the Metropolitan Main Drainage System of Sewage from part of the District of Willesden in the County of Middlesex.

248. An act to confer further powers on the Urban District Council of Saint Anne's-on-the-Sea in the County Palatine of Lancaster for the improvement of their District and for other purposes.

249. An act for the reduction of the Municipal Franchise in the City of Londonderry for the alteration and increase in the number of the Municipal Wards and of the number of Aldermen and Councillors elected for the said City for the improvement of the City the raising of further Moneys and for other purposes.

250. An act for incorporating and conferring Powers on the Sheffield District Railway Company and for other purposes.

251. An act for empowering the Urban District Council of Weston-super-Mare to acquire the undertaking of Knightstone Weston-super-Mare Limited and to construct works and for extending the powers of the Council in relation to certain matters and for other purposes.

252. An act to extend the time for the purchase of lands for the purposes of the City and South London Railway Act 1893 and for the completion of the underground Railway and works thereby authorised and to empower the Company to acquire additional lands and for other purposes.

253. An act to confirm and legalise certain Works constructed by the Blackrock and Kingstown Drainage on the Board further powers as to the borrowing of moneys and for other purposes.

