Local Acts passed in 1897, 60 & 61 Victoria c.1-260.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 34.
---

1. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 relating to Lands in the Parish of St. George the Martyr Southwark.

2. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for improving an Area situated in the Parish of St. Pancras in the County of London (London (Churchway St. Pancras) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

3. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 relating to lands in the Parish of St. James Westminster.

4. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Leyton and Walton upon Thames.

5. An act to alter the Qualification for Directors of the South Metropolitan Gas Company.

6. An act for the granting of further powers to the Crays Gas Company.

7. An act to enable the County Council of the County of Dunbarton to borrow money for the purpose of erecting and enlarging County Buildings and for other purposes.

8. An act for the abandonment of parts of the Railways authorised by the South Yorkshire Junction Railway Act 1890 and for other purposes.

9. An act to enable the Edinburgh American Land Mortgage Company Limited to convert their present uncalled Capital into Preference Stock and for other purposes.

10. An act for enabling the Trustees of the Harbour of Aberbrothwick to reconstruct their finances and to create and issue stocks for compounding their existing debts and for other purposes.

11. An act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to William John Whiting for Improvements in Revolver Firearms.

12. An act to empower the Great Western Railway Company to make new railways in the county of Cornwall and for other purposes.

13. An act to confer on the Provident Life Office further powers with respect to the accumulation and distribution of profits and for other purposes.

14. An act to extend the objects and business of the Railway Passengers Assurance Company and for other purposes.

15. An act to make provision with reference to the winding up of the North London Commercial Permanent Building Society.

16. An act to authorise the making and laying out of a new Park in the City of Dublin to be called Saint Patrick's Park to vest the Park in the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the city with power to maintain and regulate the same and for other purposes.

17. An act to provide for the distribution of surplus capital of the Assam Railways and Trading Company Limited and for other purposes.

18. An act to enable certain alterations to be made in the Scheme of Arrangement of the affairs of the London Bank of Australia Limited and for other purposes.

19. An act for rendering valid certain Leases Sales and Conveyances made by the Trustees of Sir Josiah Mason's Almshouses and Orphanage without the consent of the Charity Commissioners.

20. An act for incorporating Mason University College and for other purposes.

21. An act to extend the time for the construction and completion of the Pier authorised by the Mumbles Railway and Pier Act 1889.

22. An act to extend the time for the completion of the authorised Works for enlarging and improving the Port and Harbour of Neath.

23. An act to empower the Corporation of the Borough of Torquay to acquire lands for the purposes of their Water Undertaking and for other purposes.

24. An act for incorporating the Trustees of the Deed of Mortification by the deceased John Strachan of Craigcrook Writer to the Signet for enlarging the powers of the Trustees and for other purposes.

25. An act to reconstitute and to re-incorporate the Governing Body of the Crichton Royal Institution and for other purposes.

26. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Huddersfield to work their Tramways to construct street and road improvements and to make further provision for the good government of the Borough and for other purposes.

27. An act for granting additional powers to the Dumfries and Maxwelltown Waterworks Commissioners and for other purposes.

28. An act to confer further powers upon the Major Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Loughborough with respect to their Water Undertaking and for other purposes.

29. An act for granting further powers to the Taunton Gas Light and Coke Company.

30. An act to enable the Wigan Junction Railways Company to raise further capital and for other purposes.

31. An act to extend the periods limited by the Clyde Navigation Act 1894 for the Compulsory Purchase of Lands and for the completion of the railway authorised by the Clyde Navigation Act 1891.

32. An act to authorise the Lord Provost Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh to widen and improve Streets to construct new Tramways to acquire Tramways by agreement to provide a new Fire Brigade Station to acquire Lands to transfer the Portobello Gasworks to the Edinburgh and Leith Corporations Gas Commissioners to confer further powers on the said Commissioners to amend Acts and for other purposes.

33. An act to authorise the Great Eastern Railway Company to construct additional works in connexion with Lowestoft Harbour and for other purposes.

34. An act to extend the period for the completion of the railway authorised by the Bray and Enniskerry Light Railway Act 1886 and for other purposes.

35. An act for enabling the London and South Western Railway Company to construct new Railways and to widen their Famham Alton and Winchester Railway in the county of Southampton and for other purposes.

36. An act to authorise the Bristol Tramways and Carriage Company Limited to extend their Tramways and to confer further powers upon that Company.

37. An act to empower the Governors of the Richmond District Lunatic Asylum to borrow money and to create and issue Stock and for other purposes.

38. An act to empower the Tynemouth Gas Company to raise Additional Capital and for other purposes.

39. An act to revive and extend the powers of the Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway Company and for other purposes.

40. An act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company with respect to their own and other undertakings to provide for the incorporation of a Joint Committee of the Great Northern Railway Company and the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company the vesting in that Committee of an authorised Passenger Station at Nottingham and for other purposes.

41. An act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their Chester and Holyhead Railway and for other purposes.

42. An act for conferring further powers on the Epsom Downs Extension Railway Company for the construction of works and otherwise in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes.

43. An act for extending the limits of supply of the Weymouth Consumers Gas Company and for conferring further powers on the Company for the raising of money and otherwise in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes.

44. An act for repealing certain provisions of the Devonport Waterworks Act 1893 and for conferring further powers on the Devonport Water Company for the construction of works and otherwise in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes.

45. An act to authorise the Glasgow Harbour Tunnel Company to raise additional capital to confer on them further powers with reference to their surplus lands and properties and for other purposes.

46. An act to authorise the Birmingham Tame and Rea District Drainage Board to acquire lands and construct works for sewage and drainage purposes to borrow moneys and for other purposes.

47. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the city of Chichester to purchase the undertaking of the Chichester Waterworks Company and to supply water throughout the city and adjoining places.

48. An act for enabling the Great Eastern Railway Company to construct new Railways in the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk and for other purposes.

49. An act to authorise the construction of a Quay at the Harbour of Perth and a Bridge over the River Tay and other Works and also new Gasworks to make provision for the regulation of the office of Town Clerk and for other purposes.

1. An act to empower the Corporation of Plymouth to acquire Lary Bridge to extend the Boundary of the Borough and for other purposes.

51. An act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Cowes Gas Company to the Cowes Urban District Council and to authorise the Council to supply Gas and for other purposes.

52. An act to authorise the Ashford Urban District Council to supply Gas and to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Ashford Gas and Coke Company Limited to the said Council and for other purposes.

53. An act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and other undertakings in which they are interested jointly with other Companies and for other purposes.

54. An act to enable the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company to make new Railways to confer further powers upon that Company the Cheshire Lines Committee and the North Wales and Liverpool Railway Committee to make further provision with reference to a Joint Station at Nottingham with the Great Northern Railway Company to alter the name of the Company to provide for the conversion of the Company's Ordinary Stock and for other purposes.

55. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Neath in the County of Glamorgan to purchase the Tramway Undertaking authorised by the Neath and District Tramways Order 1873 to construct additional Tramways and for other purposes.

56. An act to authorise the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway Company to construct Branch Railways acquire additional Lands and raise additional Capital in connexion with their Chesterfield and Lincoln Separate Undertaking and for other purposes.

57. An act to confirm Provisional Orders made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Kilkenny and the Rural Sanitary District of Scariff.

58. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Paisley Waterworks.

59. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for improving an Area situated in the Parishes of St. Mary-le-Strand St. Clement Danes St. Giles-in-the-Fields and St. Martin-in-the-Fields in the County of London.

60. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act 1867 and the Acts amending the same relating to Clackmannan (Alloa and Tillicoultry) Water Supply.

61. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Garston Hoylake and West Kirby Ipswich Morley Wilmslow and Wrexham.

62. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Darwen Dundalk Lincoln Tonbridge Vent nor and Wimbledon.

63. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Brighouse Bury St. Edmunds Dudley Farnworth Kearsley Southampton and Watford.

64. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1890 relating to Leith.

65. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Ambleside Ballymena Dqrking Llandrindod Wells Redditch and Reigate.

66. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Barking Town Morecambe Ramsbottom Swadlincote and Wallasey.

67. An act to annul an Order in Council confirming a Scheme relating to the Foundation known as the Berriew School.

68. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Buxton Kingston-upon-Hull Plymouth Ramsgate (two) Southampton Southend-on-Sea Wallasey and West Ham.

69. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Auckland-Shildon-and-Willington Bucklow Honley-and-South-Crosland and Wath-Swinton-Greasbrough-and-North-Rotherham United Districts.

70. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bacup Burnley Middleton Rhyl and Tiverton.

71. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Ashby-de-la-Zouch Biggleswade (Rural) Bredbury-and-Romiley Carlisle (Rural) Cheadle-and-Gatley Cricklade-and-Wootton-Bassett (Rural) Exmouth Heston-and-Isleworth Liverpool Malling (Rural) and Settle (Rural).

72. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Boroughs of Chelmsford Nelson Southend-on-Sea and West Bromwich.

73. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Buckingham and Stafford.

74. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bath (two) Leatherhead Luddenden-Foot New-Windsor Ogmore-and-Garw and West-Ham.

75. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Bedford Denbigh Flint Hereford Hertford and Worcester.

76. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 and the Public Health Act 1875 relating to Droitwich.

77. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Parishes of Saint George the Martyr Southwark and Saint James Westminster.

78. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Anstruther Deal Hunstanton and St. Andrews.

79. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Killala.

80. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Ilfracombe Llandudno and Scrabster.

81. An act to confirm Provisional Orders made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Sanitary Districts of Limavady and Carrickmacross.

82. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Lurgan Clonmel and Thurles.

83. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Borough of Waterford.

84. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Limerick and Navan and the Unions of Roscommon and Midleton.

85. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Ballyshannon Union.

86. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Belfast.

87. An act to amend the Liverpool Corporation Loans Act 1894 to confer further powers on the Corporation of the City of Liverpool with respect to the Northern Hospital and for other purposes.

88. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Arundel Gas Company.

89. An act for conferring further powers on the Yale of Glamorgan Railway Company for the construction of works the raising of money and otherwise in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes.

90. An act to increase the Share Capital of the Cordoba Central Railway Company Limited and to vary its regulations with regard to division of profits and for other purposes.

91. An act to remove doubts as to the power of the National Provident Institution to alter and add to its Rules in certain respects, (National Provident Institution.)

92. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Bournemouth to acquire certain lands as a site for municipal and other buildings and to take a lease of certain adjacent lands and to confirm an agreement relating thereto and for other purposes.

93. An act to provide for the winding up and dissolution of the Guild of Literature and Art and for other purposes.

94. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Halifax to construct Tramways in the Borough and for other purposes.

95. An act to confer further powers upon the Great Eastern Railway Company to authorise them to acquire the Undertakings of the Downham and Stoke Ferry Thetford and Watton and Watton and Swaffham Railway Companies and for other purposes.

96. An act to authorise the Luton Water Company to raise Additional Capital and for other purposes.

97. An act to enable the Tower Subway Company to sell their Subway under the Thames from Tower Hill to the opposite side of the River and to dissolve the Company.

98. An act to empower the Commissioners of the Burgh of Borrowstounness to form and lay out a new Road or Street within the Burgh to confer powers on the Caledonian Railway Company with respect to parts of the North British Railway and for other purposes.

99. An act to consolidate the Townships within the County Borough of Birkenhead and to transfer the Township of Rock Ferry from the Wirral Union to the Birkenhead Union to confer further powers on the Corporation of the Borough in relation to Ferries and Tramways and other matters to authorise the Corporation to amend some of the provisions of the Local Acts in force within the Borough and for other purposes.

100. An act to authorise the Corporation of Birkenhead to purchase the Ferries across the River Mersey known as Rock Ferry and New Ferry and for other purposes.

101. An act to confer powers upon the Urban District Council of Hoylake and West Kirby for the construction of Parades and a Marine Lake and for the improvement of the Hoyle Lake and to make better provision for the local government health and improvement of the district and for other purposes.

102. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Sheffield to construct Street and Road Improvements and additional Tramways and for other purposes.

103. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the City of Bristol to construct for the purposes of their Dock Undertaking Railways and other Works in connexion with the Harbour Railway of the Great Western Railway Company and to confer powers on that Company with reference to the construction maintenance and use of certain of the said Railways and the conveyance of Traffic to and from their Harbour Railway and for other purposes.

104. An act to authorise the Corporation of the City of Liverpool to acquire the Undertaking of the Liverpool United Tramways and Omnibus Company to confer powers on the Corporation for improving and working the undertaking and for borrowing money and for other purposes.

105. An act to confer further powers upon and amend the Acts relating to the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway Company and for other purposes.

106. An act to make provision for the establishment management and maintenance of the Dublin Eye and Ear Hospital being the amalgamation of Saint Mark's Ophthalmic Hospital and Dispensary and the National Eye and Ear Infirmary Ireland all in the City of Dublin and for other purposes.

107. An act for making a Railway from the Tunbridge Wells and Hastings Branch of the South Eastern Railway at Crowhurst to Bexhill and for other purposes.

108. An act to confer further powers on the Manchester Ship Canal Company with respect to their Surplus Lands and for other purposes.

109. An act to confer powers upon the Corporation of Carnarvon in relation to the Ferry between Carnarvon and Anglesea the construction of a Pier and other Works for the purposes thereof and for the construction of a Swing Bridge over the River Seiont and for other purposes.

110. An act to confer further powers on the Lowestoft Water Gas and Market Company to change the name of the Company and for other purposes.

111. An act to confer further powers upon the Liverpool St. Helens and South Lancashire Railway Company and for other purposes.

112. An act to revive extend and vary some of the powers of the Hastings Harbour Commissioners to confer further borrowing and other powers upon them and for other purposes.

113. An act for the commutation of the annual and other sums payable by the Corporation of the City of Liverpool and by the Churchwardens of the Parish of Liverpool in respect of certain Churches in the City for the investment and application of the Commutation Moneys for the removal of the Churches of Saint George and Saint John and re-uniting their respective Districts to the Parish of Liverpool and for making other Provisions consequential on and relative to the above matters.

114. An act to empower the Rathmines and Rathgar Improvement Commissioners to purchase and work certain Tramways of the Dublin United Tramways Company and to confer further powers on the Commissioners with respect to street widenings the acquisition of lands the borrowing of moneys and for other purposes.

115. An act to dissolve the Hunstanton Water Company Limited and the Hunstanton Gas Company Limited and to re-incorporate the proprietors therein as a new Company for the supply of Water and Gas to Hunstanton and adjoining places in the county of Norfolk.

116. An act to incorporate the Committee of Railway Companies associated under the Railway Clearing System and to enlarge the powers vested in that Committee and for other purposes.

117. An act for incorporating the Crowborough District Water Company and empowering them to construct works and supply water and for other purposes.

118. An act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to construct new Dock Works at Grangemouth and new Railways in the Counties of Lanark and Stirling to confer further powers on them in respect to the acquisition of lands and other matters connected with their undertaking and for other purposes.

119. An act to authorise the Easton and Church Hope Railway Company to issue New Preference Stock in substitution for existing First and Second Preference Shares and for other purposes.

120. An act to incorporate the Railway Clearing System Superannuation Fund Association and to extend the objects of that Association and for other purposes.

121. An act to make further Provisions with respect to the Supply of Water by the Corporation of the City of Dublin and for other purposes.

122. An act to enable the Barry Railway Company to construct new Railways and for other purposes.

123. An act to enable the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company to construct New Railways Widenings and other Works to confer further Powers with reference to the General Undertaking of the Company and with reference to the Separate Undertaking of the City of Dublin Junction Railways and for other purposes.

124. An act for conferring further powers on the Eastbourne Waterworks Company for the construction of works and otherwise in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes.

125. An act to authorise the New Huustanton Urban District Council to supply Water and Gas and to acquire the undertakings of the Hunstanton Water Company Limited and the Hunstanton Gas Company Limited.

126. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Southampton to acquire the undertaking of the Southampton Tramways Company and for other purposes.

127. An act to confer further powers upon the North British Railway Company in connexion with their undertaking to amalgamate the Glasgow Yoker and Clydebank Railway Company and the Anstruther and St Andrews Railway Company with the Company and for other purposes.

128. An act to empower the Midland and South Western Junction Railway Company to convert and consolidate their debenture stocks and for other purposes.

129. An act to empower the Lanarkshire and Ayrshire Railway Company to construct new Railways and for other purposes.

130. An act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to provide for the transfer to that Company of the undertakings of the West Lancashire Railway Company and the Liverpool Southport and Preston Junction Railway Company to repeal certain powers granted to the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company over those undertakings and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway and for other purposes.

131. An act for the incorporation of Commissioners for Stromness Harbour and the transfer to them of the Harbour Undertaking of the Stromness Harbour Commissioners for empowering them to construct new works and for other purposes.

132. An act to authorise the Sheffield District Railway Company to construct Branch Railways in Sheffield connecting with the Midland Railway and for other purposes.

133. An act for the dissolution of the Commission of Sewers of the City of London and to provide for the execution of the powers authorities and duties of the Commissioners by the Common Council of the City and for other purposes.

134. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Bolton to construct additional tramways in and adjacent to the Borough to construct highway and other works to borrow additional moneys and for other purposes.

135. An act to confer further powers on the Great North of Scotland Railway Company as to the classification of their Ordinary Stocks and the provision of a Hotel.

136. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Malvern Link to supply Gas and to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Malvern Link Gas Company Limited to the Council.

137. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Brigg Harrogate Newport (Salop) Oswestry Plymouth Winslow and Worcester.

138. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Boroughs of Hartlepool Totnes and West Hartlepool.

139. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Derby Parts of Holland Leicester and Norfolk and to the Borough of Margate.

140. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Clare-and-Bumpstead the Luddenden-Foct and the Penybont United Districts and to the Ports of Harwich Milford and Wisbech.

141. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Chorley Dover East Stonehouse Harrogate St. Helens Scarborough and Tunbridge Wells.

142. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bradford (Yorks) Heywood Liverpool Nelson and Wigan (two).

143. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Aberystwyth Barrow-in-Furness Birmingham Bootle and Swansea.

144. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Hastings.

145. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Blackburn.

146. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1893 to enable the School Boards for East Barnet Linthwaite Pembroke Swansea United District and Willesden to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts.

147. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts.

148. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Bangor Clacton Poole Tenby and Walton-on-the-Naze.

149. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Annan Clacton and Whiting Bay.

150. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Donegal.

151. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Blackpool Corporation Tramways Manchester Carriage and Tramways Company's Tramways Manchester Corporation Tramways Moss Side Tramways and Withington District Tramways.

152. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Great Grimsby Street Tramways Extension Huddersfield Corporation Tramways Morecambe Urban District Council Tramways Perth and District Tramways (Extensions) and Stirling and Bridge of Allan Tramways Extension.

153. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Middlesbrough Stockton-on Tees and Thomaby Tramways Yarmouth and Gorleston Tramways Extension and York Tramways.

154. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Hoylakeand West Kirby Gas Killamarsh Gas Sedbergh Gas and Westbury Gas.

104. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Cradley Heath Gas Harrogate Gas and Wimborne Minster Gas.

156. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Barton-upon-Humber Water Bridge of Allan Water Frith Hill Godalming and Farncombe Water Gosport Water Newmarket Water Royston Water and Steyning and District Water.

157. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 relating to Rosslare (Pilotage District of Wexford).

158. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act 1867 and the Acts amending the same relating to Borrowstounness Water Supply.

159. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Public Health (Scotland) Act 1867 and the Acts amending the same relating to Duntocher and Dalmuir Water Supply.

160. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Denton Droylsden Levenshulme Moss Side Stretford and Withington.

161. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bangor Bexhill Epsom Galway and Northwich.

162. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 188S relating to (1) St. George's-in-the-East Mile End Old Town and Limehouse (2) Holborn Liberty of Charterhouse and Shoreditch (3) Fulham and (4) Westminster.

163. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Newmarket and Poole and Branksome.

164. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Blackheath and Greenwich District and Newington.

165. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 relating to Lands in Green Street in the Parish of St. George the Martyr Southwark.

166. An act to enable Her Majesty's Postmaster-General to acquire Lands in London Brighton Norwich Plymouth Southampton Oban and Cork for the Public Service and for other purposes.

167. An act to confer further powers upon the London and South Western Railway Company with respect to their own undertaking and to confirm an Agreement for the working by the Company of the Torrington and Okehampton Railway and to confer upon the Company and the Waterloo and City and the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Companies further powers with respect to undertakings in which they are jointly interested and for other purposes.

168. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Newport with, respect to Waterworks and other matters and for other-purposes.

169. An act to authorise the abandonment of the Llandilo Loop and the Construction of new Railways in the counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen and for other purposes.

170. An act to confer further powers upon the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board and for other purposes.

171. An act for incorporating the Glasgow and Renfrew District Railway Company and authorising the construction of Railways in the Counties of Renfrew and Lanark and for other purposes.

172. An act for conferring further powers on the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands for consolidating and converting their Preference and Ordinary Stocks and for other purposes.

173. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Tuxford and District Gas Light and Coke Company.

174. An act for making a Light Railway between Aberystwyth and Devil's Bridge in the County of Cardigan and for other purposes.

175. An act to authorise the construction of Railways in the county of Renfrew.

176. An act to authorise the Newry Navigation Company to consolidate and convert their Mortgage Debt and for othfer purposes.

177. An act to empower the Taff Vale Railway Company to construct a new Railway and other Works and acquire Lands and for other purposes.

178. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Deal and the Urban District Council of Walmer to acquire the undertaking of the Company of Proprietors of the Deal Waterworks to vest such undertaking partly in a Joint Board and partly in each of the said Local Authorities to authorise the said Authorities respectively to supply their own districts and the neighbourhoods thereof respectively and for other purposes.

179. An act to empower the Callander and Oban Railway Company to construct new Railways and Works in the county of Argyle and for other purposes.

180. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Cirencester to purchase the undertaking of the Cirencester Waterworks Company Limited and to supply water throughout the district and the adjoining parish of Stratton.

181. An act for making further and better provision in regard to the Water Supply and the improvement health and good government of the Borough of Colne and for other purposes.

182. An act to empower the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee to construct a Railway at Great Yarmouth and other Works and to acquire lands and for other purposes.

183. An act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company for the construction of Works and the acquisition of Lands to empower that Company and the London Tilbury and Southend Railway Company to guarantee the capital of the Tottenham and Forest Gate Railway Company to authorise agreements between the Midland Railway Company the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway Company and the Sheffield District Railway Company and to vest in the Midland Railway Company the undertaking of the Kettering Thrapston and Huntingdon Railway Company to authorise the re-arrangement, and consolidation of the existing capital of the Midland Railway Company and for other purposes.

184. An act to extend the powers of the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Newark with respect to their supply of Water and for other purposes.

185. An act to empower the Llandudno Urban District Council to acquire the undertaking of the Great Ormes Head Marine Drive Company to make further provisions for the good government of Llandudno and for other purposes.

186. An act for supplying with Water the Parishes of Saint Neot's and Eynesbury in the County of Huntingdon.

187. An act to authorise the Swadlincote District Urban District Council to supply Gas and to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Swadlincote Gas and Coke Company Limited to the said Council and for other purposes.

188. An act to provide for the surrender of the lease of the Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway Company's Undertaking to the Newport (Alexandra) Dock Company Limited and to authorise the transfer to the Company of the Pontypridd Caerphilly and Newport Railway and for other purposes.

189. An act to confer further powers on the Belfast City and District Water Commissioners.

190. An act to enable the North London Railway Company to improve the access to the Poplar Dock and for other purposes.

191. An act to empower the Great Western Railway Company to make new Railways and Works at Bristol and for other purposes.

192. An act for incorporating the Brompton and Piccadilly Circus Railway Company and for empowering them to construct an Underground Railway from Piccadilly Circus to South Kensington and for other purposes.

193. An act to extend the powers for the purchase of land and the time for the completion of the Railway authorised by the Great Northern and City Railway Act 1892 and to amend some of the provisions of that Act.

194. An act to extend the time for the completion of the Pier and Works authorised by the Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier Act 1893 and for other purposes.

195. An act for making a Railway from Skipton to Grassington in the West Riding of the County of York and for other purposes.

196. An act to constitute a Conservancy Board for the Port and Harbour of King's Lynn to transfer to and vest in such Board the powers of the Corporation of King's Lynn relating to the Port and Harbour and all the powers and property of the Harbour Mooring or Pilot Commissioners of the Port and of the body known as Select Trustees appointed under the Eau Brink Act 1831 and for other purposes.

197. An act for enabling the City and Burgh of Dundee to borrow additional money for their gas undertaking and to extend their electric lighting area and for amending and extending the improvement and other Acts applicable to the city and burgh and for other purposes.

198. An act to authorise the East London Waterworks Company to execute further Works and to raise further Money in order to enable them to fulfil their statutory obligations relating to the supply of water or otherwise and to meet the increased demand for water within their district to confer further powers upon and make further provision with respect to the undertaking of the Company and for other purposes.

199. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Leeds to acquire lands for the purpose of protecting their waters and waterworks from pollution for the construction of Tramways and Street Improvements and for other purposes.

200. An act to empower the Corporation of Nottingham to construct additional Waterworks and for other purposes.

201. An act to enable the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company to construct Railways between New Ross and Waterford in the Counties of Kilkenny and Waterford and for other purposes.

202. An act for making a Railway in and near the Town of Hastings and a Parade or Roadway and Seawall and for other purposes.

203. An act to extend the Time for the Compulsory Purchase of Lands for and for the Completion of the Birmingham North Warwickshire and Stratford-upon-Avon Railway and for other purposes.

204. An act to make provision with respect to the Construction and Purchase of Piers by the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Great Yarmouth and in regard to the health local government and improvement of the said borough and for other purposes.

205. An act to confer upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Pwllheli powers in regard to the Harbour Markets and Water Supply of the said borough and for other purposes.

206. An act for extending the limits of Supply of the Company of Proprietors of the Weymouth Waterworks and for conferring further powers on that Company for the construction of Works and the raising of Capital and for other purposes.

207. An act for empowering the Bute Docks Company to construct certain Railways for conferring upon that Company certain Running Powers for empowering them to construct a Low Water Pier for changing the name of the Company and for authorising the Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

208. An act to authorise the Great Northern Railway Company (Ireland) to construct Tramways and Tramroads from Sutton to Howth to acquire and maintain Hotels and Refreshments Rooms and for other purposes.

209. An act for empowering the Tyne Improvement Commissioners to create and issue Stock and for the completion of works and for amending certain of the provisions of the Tyne Improvement Acts 1850 to 1890 and for other purposes.

210. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Tynemouth in the County of Northumberland to supply Water to the Borough of Tynemouth and adjacent places to acquire the undertaking of the Company of Proprietors of the North Shields Waterworks and for other purposes.

211. An act to authorise the Sale of the Church of Christchurch and the Sale of the Church of Saint Peter with the School thereof (all in the City of Birmingham) and the application of the proceeds of sale to the provision of new Churches and Schools in the suburbs of Birmingham to merge the Ecclesiastical Parishes or Districts of Christchurch and Saint Peter in the Ecclesiastical Parish of Saint Philip to amend the Saint Martin's Rectory Birmingham Act 1893 and for other purposes.

212. An act to enable the Gravesend and Milton Waterworks Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

213. An act to confer further powers on the Didcot Newbury and Southampton Railway Company.

214. An act to confirm an Agreement for the transfer of the Undertaking of the East Warwickshire Waterworks Company to the Urban District Council of Nuneaton and Chi 1 vers Coton and to enable the Council to construct Additional Waterworks and for other purposes.

215. An act to enable the Corporation of Glasgow to effect further Improvements within the City to lease and work the Vale of Clyde or Govan Tramways and the Glasgow and Ibrox Tramway to construct new Tramways and for other purposes.

216. An act to authorise the Highland Railway Company to construct Railways being partly doubling or widening of their existing Railway to acquire additional lands to revive the powers and extend the time limited by certain Acts for the completion of Works to raise further capital and for other purposes.

217. An act to confer further powers upon the Invergarry and Fort Augustus Railway Company.

218. An act to extend the limits for the Supply of Gas and Water by the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Leicester and to make further and better provision in relation to the local government of the said borough and for other purposes.

219. An act for incorporating the Lochearnhead St. Fillans and Comrie Railway Company and authorising the Construction of a Railway from Lochearnhead to Comrie in the County of Perth and for other purposes.

220. An act to regulate the Expenditure of Money by the London County Council on Capital Account during the current financial period and the raising of Money to meet such Expenditure.

221. An act for making a Railway in the County of Fife to be called the Newburgh and North Fife Railway and for other purposes.

222. An act to confer further Powers upon the Governor and Company of the New River brought from Chadwell and Amwell to London commonly called the New River Company for the execution of New Works and the raising of Further Money and for other purposes.

223. An act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of Dock Works at Middlesbrough new Railways and other Works and the acquisition of additional lands and for other purposes.

224. An act to empower the London County Council to make a Subway under the River Thames between Greenwich and Millwall and for other purposes connected therewith.

225. An act for the making and maintaining of the Woodhouse and Conisbrough Railway and for other purposes.

226. An act for conferring further Powers upon the Swansea Improvements and Tramways Company with respect to their Tramways Undertaking and for other purposes.

227. An act for conferring further powers on the South Eastern Railway Company and for other purposes.

228. An act to enable the Benefices of Baldock and Bygrave in the diocese of Saint Albans to be united.

229. An act to extend the period for the completion of the Waterworks authorised by the Rhymney Valley Gas and Water Act 1892.

230. An act to extend the City and County of Bristol and for other purposes.

231. An act to constitute and incorporate a joint Water Board consisting of representatives from the Councils of the Borough of Blackpool and the Urban Districts of Fleetwood Lytham and Saint Anne's-on-the-Sea all in the County Palatine of Lancaster and to transfer to and vest in such Board the undertaking of the Fylde Waterworks Company and for other purposes.

232. An act for conferring further powers on the Harrogate Waterworks Company for the construction of Works and the raising of Capital and for other purposes.

233. An act to confirm an Agreement made between Albemarle Cator and others and the South Eastern Railway Company.

234. An act for incorporating the Lincoln and East Coast Railway and Dock Company to transfer to the Company some of the powers of the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway Company to construct and maintain Railways and Works and to transfer to the Company certain portions of the undertaking of the said Company including the North Sea Fisheries (East Lincolnshire) Harbour and Dock together with the powers of the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Company in relation thereto to confer additional powers upon the Company with reference to the portions of the undertaking transferred to them and for other purposes.

235. An act to empower the Dublin United Tramways Company to construct new Tramways and for other purposes.

236. An act to authorise the Use of Electrical Power on the Tramways of the Dublin United Tramways Company and for other purposes.

237. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Harrogate to purchase the undertaking of the Harrogate Waterworks Company and for other purposes.

238. An act to confer further powers upon the Corporation of Nottingham with respect to Street Improvements Tramways and various matters of local government and for other purposes.

239. An act for empowering the North Metropolitan Tramways Company to construct New Tramways in the Counties of London Essex and Middlesex for confirming certain Agreements between that Company and the London Street Tramways Company and the London County Council with respect to the sale and purchase and leasing working and using of Tramways and for other purposes.

240. An act for incorporating the Weston-super-Mare Tramways Company and authorising them to make and maintain Tramways and other Works at Weston-super-Mare and for other purposes.

241. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Manchester in the County of Lancaster for the construction of Works and the Acquisition of Lands to enable them to work and use their Tramways by means of electrical or other mechanical power to enlarge their powers as to the supply of electricity to alter their corporate title and for other purposes.

242. An act to empower the London County Council to make a new Street and Street Improvements in the Administrative County of London.

243. An act for incorporating the Dearne Valley Railway Company and for other purposes.

244. An act to confer certain powers upon the Southwark and Vauxhall Water Company.

245. An act for incorporating the Hull and South Yorkshire Extension Railway Company and for other purposes.

246. An act to incorporate the Coventry Electric Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain Tramways and for other purposes.

247. An act for empowering the Metropolitan District Railway Company to construct an Underground Railway from near Earl's Court Station to the Mansion House Station City to authorise them to work that railway and their existing railway by electricity to extend the time limited for the completion of the Acton Junction Railway of the Company and for the compulsory purchase of lands for and for the completion of the Ealing and South Harrow Railway and for other purposes.

248. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of undertakings in which they are jointly interested and upon the Lambourn Valley Railway Company in respect of their undertaking for amalgamating the Buckfastleigh Totnes and South Devon Kington and Eardisley Woodstock Banbury and Cheltenham Direct Pembroke and Tenby Nantwich and Market Drayton Minehead and Great Marlow Railway Companies with the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes.

249. An act for extending the Boundaries of the City and County of Kingston-upon-Hull for conferring on the Corporation power to construct a new Bridge over the River Hull and power to make new Streets and further powers with respect to a Crematory Rating the Supply of Gas and other matters for consolidating the provisions of the Water Acts and Orders now in force in the City and County and for other purposes.

250. An act to authorise the acquisition of Lands known as Churchyard Bottom Wood Highgate for the purposes of a public open space.

251. An act for incorporating the Watford Edgware and London Railway Company and for empowering them to construct Railways from Watford in the County of Hertford to Edgware in the County of Middlesex and for other purposes.

252. An act to empower the London County Council to make certain Street Improvements and to purchase Lands for various purposes to make provision for Contributions in certain cases by Local Authorities and as to the admission of Sewage into the Metropolitan Main Drainage System from a portion of East Ham in the County of Essex and for other purposes.

253. An act for authorising the City of Birmingham Tramways Company Limited to construct additional Tramways and for other purposes.

254. An act to incorporate the Norwich Electric Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain Tramways and for other purposes.

255. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Salford to construct additional Tramways to make a Street Improvement and to raise additional Moneys by mortgage and by the creation and issue of Stock and to make further provisions with respect to Booth's Charities and for the good government of the Borough.

256. An act for incorporating the Harrow and Uxbridge Railway Company and authorising them to construct a Railway in the County of Middlesex and for other purposes.

257. An act for making a Railway to be called the Whitechapel and Bow Railway and for other purposes.

258. An act to incorporate Harbour Commissioners for the Harbour and Roads of Cowes in the Isle of Wight to define the limits of the Harbour and Roads to vest the Harbour in the Commissioners and to confer upon them powers for the improvement maintenance and regulation of the Harbour and Roads and for other purposes.

259. An act for conferring further powers on the Urban District Council of Colwyn Bay and Colwyn and for making further and better provisions for the improvement health and local government of the Urban District of Colwyn Bay and Colwyn and for other purposes.

260. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Bradford in the County of York to construct additional Tramways to consolidate the townships in the City to extend the Bradford Union to make better provision for the health local government and improvement of the City and for other purposes.

