Local Acts passed in 1902, 2 Edward 7 c.1 - c.261.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 40.
---

1. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892.

2. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Hamilton.

3. An act for the abandonment of the Lincoln and East Coast Railway and Dock and for other purposes.

4. An act for the amalgamation of the undertakings of the Buenos Ayres and Rosario Railway Company Limited and the Central Argentine Railway Company Limited and for other purposes.

5. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Finedon to construct waterworks and to supply water and for other purposes.

6. An act to incorporate the Wadhurst Gas Company and to enable that Company to supply with gas the parishes of Wadhurst Ticehurst and other places in the county of Sussex.

7. An act to increase the nominal amount of the existing share capital of the Liverpool Grain Storage and Transit Company Limited and to convert the shares of the Company into stock and for other purposes.

8. An act to confer further powers on the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company and on that Company and the London and South Western Railway Company with reference to their joint undertaking and for other purposes.

9. An act to confer further powers on the Wrexham Waterworks Company and for other purposes.

10. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Shepton Mallet Gas Company.

11. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of North Darley to construct waterworks and to supply water within the district and for other purposes.

12. An act to constitute and incorporate a Joint Water Board consisting of representatives from the Councils of the Borough of Higham Ferrers and the Urban District of Rushden and to vest in such Board the powers of the Higham Ferrers Water Act 1900 and for other purposes.

13. An act to authorise the Brighton and Rottingdean Seashore Electric Tramroad Company to divert a portion of their existing and authorised tramroad in the county of Sussex and to construct a new tramroad in lieu thereof and for other purposes.

14. An act for consolidating the capital of the Reading Gas Company for enabling that Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

15. An act to empower the Grand Junction Waterworks Company to raise further money and for other purposes.

16. An act to convert the shares of the Bromley Gas Consumers Company into stock and to empower that Company to raise additional capital to make further provision with respect to the Company and their undertaking and for other purposes.

17. An act to amend the Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire Electric Power Act 1901.

18. An act for extending the time limited by the Birmingham Corporation Water Act 1892 for the construction of certain of the works authorised by the said Act and for amending certain provisions of the said Act and for empowering the Corporation of Birmingham to acquire additional lands for the purposes of the said Act and for other purposes.

19. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Caterham and District Gas Company.

20. An act to empower the Barking Gas Company to raise additional capital to amend the Barking Gas Act 1867 and for other purposes.

21. An act to confer further powers upon the Newcastle-upon-Tyne Electric Supply Company Limited for the construction of works and the supply of electrical energy and for other purposes.

22. An act for conferring further powers on the Great Eastern Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and other undertakings in which they are interested jointly with other companies for vesting in them the undertaking of the Northern and Eastern Railway Company for authorising agreements between them and the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company and for other purposes (Great Eastern Railway.)

23. An act to provide for the better definition of the terms of transfer by the North Warwickshire Water Company of a portion of their undertaking to the Corporation of Coventry to authorise the Company to acquire land and construct works and to enlarge their area of supply and for other purposes.

24. An act for conferring further powers upon the Manchester and Liverpool Electric Express Railway Company and for other purposes.

25. An act to authorise the Fareham Gas and Coke Company to acquire additional lands to construct additional works to raise additional capital to amend their existing Act and for other purposes.

26. An act for empowering the Isle of Wight Central Railway Company to raise further moneys.

27. An act to confer further powers on the Birmingham Assay Office in relation to the application of their funds and otherwise.

28. An act to confer further powers on the Deal and Walmer Gas Company and for other purposes.

29. An act for attaching a preference to the capital to be issued for the Ballyshannon Extension for the consolidation and conversion of the capital of the Company to repeal the provisions of former Acts as to separate undertakings to further extend the time for the completion of the Ballyshannon Extension to authorise the Company to work its undertaking by electricity and for other purposes.

30. An act for constituting the Bere Alston and Calstock Light Railway and a portion of the East Cornwall Mineral Railway a separate undertaking and for other purposes.

31. An act to authorise the London and South Western Railway Company to execute further works to acquire additional lands and to raise further money to empower the Company and the Great Western Railway Company or one of them to acquire additional lands for enlarging Portland Station to confirm a lease to the Company of the Padstow separate undertaking of the North Cornwall Railway Company and an agreement made by the Company with the vicar and churchwardens of the parish of St. John Waterloo Road to extend the periods limited for the completion of works and the purchase of lands under certain Acts relating to the Company and to confer further powers upon the Company and for other purposes.

32. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Street to construct waterworks for the supply of the urban district and for other purposes.

33. An act for empowering the Tyne Improvement Commissioners to construct new landing-stages and other works and for enlarging the powers of the Commissioners with respect to their ferries and for other purposes.

34. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Cornwall Electric Power Company.

35. An act to provide for the amalgamation of certain schools in or near the city of Waterford to authorise the establishment of a primary and also of a secondary school in or near the said city to constitute a governing body for the maintenance and control of the new schools to vest certain property and endowments in and to confer divers powers for the management of the new schools on the said body and for other purposes.

36. An act to make provision with respect to superannuation' and other allowances granted or to be granted by the School Board for London and for other purposes.

37. An act to confer further powers on the Chigwell Loughton and Woodford Gas Company and for other purposes.

38. An act to repeal the deed of constitution charters and Acts of the Scottish Equitable Life Assurance Society and to consolidate their provisions or some of them with amendments to confer further powers on that Society and for other purposes.

39. An act to authorise the Leyland and Farington Gas Company to convert their existing share capital to raise further capital and for other purposes.

40. An act to authorise the Limpsfield and Oxted Water Company to make additional waterworks to extend the limits of supply of the Company to raise additional capital to confer further powers upon the Company and for other purposes.

41. An act to authorise the Corporation of Manchester to construct additional tramways in the city to empower the Corporation to purchase a short length of tramway beyond the city and for other purposes.

42. An act to confer further powers on the New Swindon Gas Company to authorise the transfer to that Company of the undertaking of the Swindon Gas and Coke Company Limited to change the name of the New Swindon Gas Company and for other purposes.

43. An act to empower the Newcastle and Gateshead Water Company to construct an enlarged reservoir on the River Rede and other works and for other purposes.

44. An act to empower the Corporations of Ashton-under-Lyne and Dukinfield to acquire the Alma Bridge and the approaches thereto to confer further powers upon the Corporation of Ashton-under-Lyne in regard to their tramway and electric lighting undertakings and for other purposes.

45. An act to empower the Urban District Council of Abercarn to purchase the undertaking of the Abercarn and Newbridge Gas and Water Company and to supply gas and for other purposes.

46. An act to empower the Furness Railway Company to run steam vessels between Barrow and Fleetwood Belfast Larne and the Isle of Man and for other purposes.

47. An act for empowering the County Council of Middlesex to exercise certain powers vested in local authorities under the Tramways Act 1870 and for other purposes.

48. An act to empower the Urban District Council of Abertillery to construct additional waterworks and to make further provision in regard to the water undertaking of the Council and as to the supply of electricity and for other purposes.

49. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Bradford-on-Avon Gas Company and for other purposes.

50. An act to confer further powers on the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company in relation to their several undertakings and for other purposes.

51. An act to extend the periods limited by the Renfrew Burgh and Harbour Extension Act 1899 for the compulsory purchase of lands and the completion of the works by that Act authorised; and for other purposes.

52. An act to extend the time limited by the Swansea Corporation Water Act 1892 for the construction, of the works authorised by that Act and to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Swansea in regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes.

53. An act to make provision as to the application of the moneys arising from the markets held within the borough of Tiverton in the county of Devon and as to the payment of the sums secured by mortgage on such markets and for other purposes.

54. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Dartford to establish and maintain markets and fairs and to acquire existing markets and market rights and to construct street improvements and to make further provision with regard to the electric light undertaking of the Council and for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes.

55. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Gloucestershire Electric Power Company and for other purposes.

56. An act to alter and amend the Lancashire County (Lunatic Asylums and other Powers) Act 1891 and to alter the mode of contribution to the expenses of the Lancashire Asylums Board.

57. An act to confer powers on the Urban District Council of Rathmines and Rathgar in the county of Dublin with respect to buildings streets and sanitary and other matters for the improvement and good government of their district to take over and maintain a certain road in their district as a public road to acquire by agreement a certain piece of land in their district and lay out and maintain the same as a public park to borrow moneys and for other purposes.

58. An act to authorise the acquisition by the Bournemouth Gas and Water Company of the undertaking of the Town and County of Poole Gas and Coke Company Limited to extend the limits for the supply of gas by the Bournemouth Gas and Water Company and to authorise that Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

59. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Preston to reconstruct their existing and to construct additional tramways in and adjacent to the borough and to make provision with respect to children trading in the streets and for other purposes.

60. An act to incorporate the Scarborough Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways and to execute certain street works in the borough of Scarborough and for other purposes.

61. An act for conferring further powers upon the Longwood Gas Company and for other purposes.

62. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Birkenhead to acquire Hamilton Square Gardens and other lands and to confer on them further powers for the supply of electrical energy and for the control of children trading in the streets and further powers in relation to financial matters and for other purposes.

63. An act to empower the Urban District Council of Erdington to construct and work tramways and for other purposes.

64. An act to confer further powers upon the Rhymney Railway Company for the construction of railways and for other purposes.

65. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 and the Metropolitan Police Courts Act 1897 relating to land in the parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch.

66. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Corporation Libraries.

67. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Beeston Carnarvon Eston Hebden Bridge, Mytholmroyd Otley South Bank in Normanby Stockton (Rural District) Thomaby-on-Tees and Tipton.

68. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Abram Holyhead Hucknall Torkard Leyland Louth Penarth Saddleworth Springhead Tyldesley-with-Shakerley and Westhoughton.

69. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Aberdare Amble Dover Frinton-on-Sea Gillingham (Kent) Hindhead and District Leadgate Leatherhead District (Ashtead and Mickleham) Paignton and Stanley (Durham).

70. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Cirencester Daventry (Rural) Oldbury Ramsgate Rotherham Scarborough and Southampton.

71. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the town of Mallow.

72. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Coatbridge Gas.

73. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892.

74. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act 1863 and the Acts amending the same relating to the Dunderry Drainage District in the county of Meath.

75. An act to confirm a Scheme made under the London Government Act 1899 relating to the Metropolitan Borough of Southwark.

76. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 relating to the Pilotage District of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

77. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Brownies Taing and St. Margaret’s Hope.

78. An act to confirm Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Sea Fisheries Act 1868 relating to Boston and to the Estuary of the River Tees.

79. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Acton Biggleswade (Rural) Dorchester Durham (Rural) East Barnet Valley Pontypridd Richmond (Surrey) Watford (Rural) and Worcester.

80. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Atherton Burnley St. Helen’s Tottenham and Wallasey.

81. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Barnsley Chadderton Famworth Sevenoaks (Rural) Stratford-upon-Avon Wells West Bromwich and Yeovil.

82. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Biggleswade the Birmingham Tame and Rea the Chelmsford the Upper Stour Valley and the Watford United Districts.

83. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Darlington Hawarden (Rural) Linslade Settle (Rural) Sheffield and Sunderland.

84. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Blackpool (two) Cardiff Hornsey Leeds Southport and Swindon.

85. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Barry Bromsgrove (Rural) Caerphilly Chiswick Middleton and Oakengates.

86. An act to confirm certain, Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Burley-in-Wharfedale and Menston the Hanley Stoke and Fenton the North Staffordshire the Tunbridge Wells Tonbridge and Southborough and the Waltham United Districts.

87. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Newton Abbot.

88. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Silsden.

89. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Birkenhead Bradford (Yorks) and Liverpool.

90. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Metropolitan Asylum District.

91. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Edmonton Enfield Tottenham and Wood Green.

92. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban Districts of Dungarvan Fermoy Kilkenny (two) and Templemore and the Rural District of Dungarvan.

93. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Dunbar Joint Burial Board and the Portadown and Banbridge Joint Waterworks Board.

94. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Rural Districts of Bantry and Mountmelick the Port of Galway and the Richmond Lunatic Asylum District.

95. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban Districts of Ballymena and Strabane.

96. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban Districts of Birr and Blackrock.

97. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban District of Blackrock.

98. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Paisley.

99. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 relating to a certain area in the Parish of Poplar.

100. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Buckie Burgh Extension and Buckie (Craigenroan) Harbour.

101. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Irvine Corporation.

102. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Stonehaven Town Hall.

103. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Both well and Uddingston Gas Cirencester Gas Garw and Ogmore Gas Bothwell Gas Skegness Gas and Wellingborough Gas.

104. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Rothesay Tramways.

110. An act to extend the limits for the supply of water by the West Hampshire Water Company and to confer further powers upon that Company for raising capital and for other purposes.

106. An act to empower the Kingscourt Ready and Armagh Railway Company to construct a new railway in the county of Monaghan and to abandon a portion of their authorised railways to change the name of the Company to authorise the Great Northern Railway Company (Ireland) to work the undertaking of the Company and to subscribe towards their capital and for other purposes.

107. An act to authorise the Corporation of Bedford to construct waterworks and for other purposes.

108. An act to empower the South Metropolitan Gas Company to acquire additional lands for the manufacture of gas and for other purposes.

109. An act to empower the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the city of Belfast to purchase lands for purposes of a public hall to dedicate ground for hospital purposes to amend several of the local Acts in force in Belfast and to confer various powers on the Corporation.

110. An act for conferring further powers on the Broadstairs Gas Company.

111. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Rickmansworth Gas Company.

112. An act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company.

113. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the city of Bradford in the West RidiDg of the county of York to construct additional tramways waterworks and street improvements to acquire certain gas undertakings and to extend their limits of supply for gas to purchase the rights and interests of the Shelf Tramways Company Limited and to make further provision for the health and good government of the city and for other purposes.

114. An act to empower the Northern Counties Electricity Supply Company Limited to construct tramways and tram-roads from Morpeth to Bedlington and Ashington to Newbiggin to make certain street widenings and for other purposes.

115. An act to provide for the revision of the register of freehold tenants of the Manor of Rusthall and for better defining and regulating their rights and for amending the Rusthall Manor Acts 1739 and 1863 and for other purposes.

116. An act for regulating the removal of house refuse and the materials arising from the demolition of buildings within the City and the nuisances caused by such demolition and for other purposes.

117. An act for empowering the Kent Waterworks Company to raise further money to enable them to fulfil their statutory obligations relating to the supply of water to supply some places adjoining their district and to acquire additional lands and for other purposes.

118. An act to enable the South Wales Electrical Power Distribution Company to acquire additional lands and for other purposes.

119. An act to confer further powers on the West Ham Gas Company and for other purposes.

120. An act to incorporate the Ticehurst and Robertsbridge Water Company and to enable them to supply with water the parish of Ticehurst and certain other parishes in the county of Sussex.

121. An act toe nable the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to construct additional tramways in and adjacent to the city and for other purposes.

122. An act to make further provision with regard to the market water and gas undertakings of the Urban District Council of Knaresborough and for the improvement health and local government of the district.

123. An act to authorise the North British Railway Company to provide and use steam vessels and for other purposes.

124. An act to extend the boundaries of the county borough of Halifax and to empower the Corporation to construct additional tramways street widenings and improvements to confer further powers with respect to their sewerage waterworks and electricity undertakings and in regard to streets and buildings and for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes.

125. An act to empower the Urban District Council. of Buxton to construct additional waterworks and to make further and better provision for the good government and health of the district and for other purposes.

126. An act to empower the Great Northern Railway Company to construct an underground railway in Islington and to lease the same to the Great Northern and City Railway Company and for other purposes.

127. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Kent Electric Power Company and for other purposes.

128. An act to authorise the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to acquire the undertaking of the Drogheda Steam Packet Company Limited and to provide steam vessels to ply between the ports of Liverpool and Fleetwood and the port of Drogheda and for other purposes.

129. An act to make further and better provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough of Royal Leamington Spa to repeal part of the Leamington Corporation Act 1896 and for other purposes.

130. An act for the granting of further powers to the Bristol Waterworks Company and for other purposes.

131. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Leicestershire and Warwickshire Electric Power Company.

132. An act to confer further powers upon the Tyneside Tramways and Tramroads Company for the construction of tramways and tramroads and for other purposes.

133. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Chard Gas Company.

134. An act to convert the capital stocks and debenture stock of the Commercial Gas Company into stocks of other nominal amounts but yielding equivalent amounts of dividend or interest and to empower that Company to raise additional capital to amend the Acts relating to the Company and for other purposes.

135. An act to enable the Great Central Railway Company to make new railways and other works and to acquire additional lands to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of certain lands and for the completion of certain railways of the Company the Company and the Great Western Railway Company the North Wales and Liverpool Railway Committee the Liverpool St. Helens and South Lancashire Railway Company and for the sale of the. superfluous lands of the Cheshire Lines Committee the Sheffield and Midland Railway Companies Committee and the Wigan Junction Railways Company to enable the Company to subscribe to the capital of the Humber Commercial Railway and Dock Company and for other purposes.

136. An act for extending the limits of supply of the West Gloucestershire Water Company and for authorising the Company to raise further capital and for other purposes.

137. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the county borough of Huddersfield with respect to waterworks and other matters to provide for the transfer of the Technical College and the Lockwood Mechanics’ Institution to the Corporation and to make further provision for the health and good government of the borough and for other purposes.

138. An act to confer further powers upon the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Manchester with reference to the construction of railway and other works in connection with their electricity undertaking the widening of streets and the acquisition and appropriation of lands and with respect to new buildings regulation of street traffic and other matters affecting the health and good government of the city and for other purposes.

139. An act to provide for placing the Imperial Institute under the management of the Board of Trade and for other purposes.

140. An act to provide for the transfer to the Company of the powers of the Corporation of Glasgow with reference to the Provan Branch Railway to further extend the time for the purchase of lands for the purposes and for the completion of the Kirkcaldy New Railways to extend the time for the sale of superfluous lands by the Company and the Forth Bridge Railway Company to confirm an Agreement with the Lauder Light Railway Company for the working by the Company of the Lauder Light Railway to provide for the conversion of the West Highland Railway Company’s Stocks into Debenture Stock of the Company and for other purposes.

141. An act to authorise the construction of mil ways between Nottingham and Retford and for other purposes.

142. An act to empower the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the City of Bristol to construct an additional dock railway and other works to extend the city and county of Bristol and for other purposes.

143. An act to incorporate a Company and to empower such Company to construct a canal from the River Medway to the River Thames and for other purposes.

144. An act to extend the time for the completion of certain railways of and for the purchase of certain lands by the Barry Railway Company and for other purposes.

145. An act to empower the Central London Railway Company to acquire additional lands and for other purposes.

146. An act to confer further powers on the Caledonian Railway Company in relation to their undertaking to authorise certain alterations or deviations of the Callander and Oban and Lochearnhead St. Fillans and Comrie Railways at or near Lochearnhead Station to provide for the transfer to the Caledonian Railway Company of the undertakings of the Lochearnhead St. Fillans and Comrie and the Paisley and Barrhead District Railway Companies to revive and extend the powers for the purchase of lands and completion of works by the Caledonian and other railway companies and for other purposes.

147. An act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Omagh Gas Company to the Omagh Urban District Council and to authorise that Council to supply gas and for other purposes.

148. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Salford to construct additional tramways to make provision with respect to the interchange of through traffic between the said borough and the city of Manchester to make street improvements and to raise additional moneys by mortgage and by the creation and issue of stock and to make further provisions for the good government of the borough and for other purposes.

149. An act for extending the time limited for the acquisition of land and completion of works under the Southport District Tramroad Act 1899 and the Southport and Lytham Tramroad Act 1900 for authorising the issue of preferred and deferred half shares and for other purposes.

150. An act for transferring to the Great Central and Midland Railway Companies the powers of the Shireoaks Laughton and Maltby Railway Company and for authorising the construction of railways and works by the Great Central and Midland Railway Companies and for other purposes.

151. An act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company and upon the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee and upon the Norfolk and Suffolk Joint Railways Committee for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands to authorise agreements between the Midland Railway Company and the Midland and South Western Junction Railway Company to provide for the vesting of the Tottenham and Hampstead Junction Railway in the Midland and Great Eastern Railway Companies and for other purposes.

152. An act for empowering the Midland Railway Company to provide and use steam vessels and for other purposes.

153. An act to authorise the transfer of the undertaking of the Norwich Electricity Company Limited to the Corporation of Norwich and for other purposes.

154. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Cleethorpes-with-Thrunscoe in the county of Lincoln to construct a sea-wall and other works to construct and work tramways to purchase certain lands for the purposes of recreation grounds and to make further provision in regard to the supply of electricity and for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes.

155. An act to extend the limits of supply of the East Worcestershire Waterworks Company and to confer further powers upon that Company.

156. An act for conferring further powers upon the North Metropolitan Electric Power Supply Company and for other purposes.

157. An act for vesting in the Great Western and London and North Western Railway Companies the powers of the Brynmawr and Western Valleys Railway Company for extending the time for the completion of the authorised railways of that Company and for other purposes.

158. An act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company.

159. An act to extend the periods for taking lands for and for the construction and completion of the light railway and tramways transferred by and authorised by the Hastings Tramways Act 1900 and for other purposes.

160. An act for vesting in the Taff Vale Railway Company the undertaking of the Aberdare Railway Company and for other purposes.

161. An act to confer further powers on the Consett Waterworks Company and for other purposes.

162. An act to authorise the Rhondda Urban District Council in the county of Glamorgan to construct and work tramways to make a new road street widenings and improvements to make additional waterworks to confer upon the Council further powers with respect to their water and gas undertakings to borrow additional moneys and for other purposes.

163. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Felixstowe and Walton in the county of Suffolk to construct a sea wall and other works to purchase Hamilton Terrace Cliffs and certain other lands and to make further and better provision for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes.

164. An act to regulate the expenditure of money by the London County Council on capital account during the current financial period and the raising of money to meet such expenditure.

165. An act to empower the Corporation of the City of London to acquire Spitalfields Market with power to extend and improve the same and to maintain the said market or sell or lease the same and for other purposes in reference thereto.

166. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the county borough of West Ham and to make further provision for the good government of that borough and for other purposes.

167. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Newport for the construction of tramways and other works and for other purposes.

168. An act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company and upon that Company jointly with the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company for the construction of new railways and other works and the acquisition of lands and jointly with the Midland and Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Companies in respect of their Normanton Station and for vesting in the Company and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company the Goole and Marshland Light Railway and the Isle of Axhol me Light Railway and for other purposes.

169. An act for empowering the London and North Western Railway Company to construct additional dock works a

170. An act to authorise the use of electrical power upon the tramways of the North Metropolitan Tramways Company in the county of Middlesex and for other purposes.

171. An act to authorise the British Electric Traction Company Limited to construct tramways in the counties of Surrey and Kent and for other purposes.

172. An act to authorise the Metropolitan Railway Company to execute further works and to acquire additional lands for the enlargement and improvement of the Baker Street Station to acquire other lands for generating electricity for the electrical working of their undertaking and undertakings in which they are jointly interested with other companies and for other purposes.

173. An act to empower the London County Council to purchase lands for various purposes to extend the time for completion of certain works and acquisition of lands to empower the Metropolitan Borough Councils of Camberwell and Fulham to purchase lands and to confer further powers with respect to common lodging-houses and other sanitary matters and for other purposes.

174. An act to empower the Weardale and Shildon District Waterworks Company to' acquire the undertaking of the Consett Waterworks Company to construct additional works and to raise additional capital and for other purposes (Weardale Water.)

175. An act to authorise the Urban District Council o

176. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Finchley to construct street improvements and for other purposes.

177. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses, of the borough of Leicester to construct additional tramways and street improvements, in the borough and to construct additional gasworks and for other purposes.

178. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the North and South Shields Electric Railway Company and for other purposes.

179. An act for empowering the Wrexham and District Electric Tramways Limited to construct new tramways and other works and to work the said tramways by electrical power and for other purposes.

180. An act for empowering the Cavehill and Whitewell Tramway Company to work their tramways by electrical power and to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

181. An act to confer further powers upon the London Tilbury and Southend Railway Company and for other purposes.

182. An act to confer further powers on the Whitechapel and Bow Railway Company and for other purposes.

183. An act for making a railway in the county of Derby connecting the Clay Cross collieries and works and other works with the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway near Chesterfield and for other purposes.

184. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Society of Accountants in Aberdeen.

185. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation (Gas, &c.).

186. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 relating to Carnoustie Dumbarton Glasgow (Kinning Park) Govan (Extension) Nairn and St. Andrews.

187. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders granted by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Ardsley East and West Barton Regis Blaydon Chester-le-Street Church StrettonLees Lower Bebington Newburn Seghill Earsdon and Tynemouth (Rural) and Stanley (Yorkshire).

188. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Bridge-of-Earn Gas Clay Cross Gas Harwich Gas and Hornsey Gas.

189. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Beccles Water Burnham and District Water Croft (Leicestershire) Water Borough of Portsmouth Water and Woodford Halse Water.

190. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 relating to Bourne South Fen and Bourne South Fen Pastures in the parish of Bourne in the county of Lincoln.

191. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Carlisle (Rural) Folkestone Harrogate Liversedge Sheffield and Weetslade.

192. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Metropolitan Boroughs of Bethnal Green Stoke Newington and Woolwich.

193. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Croydon Hindley and Oswestry.

194. An act to enable His Majesty’s Postmaster-General to acquire lands in the county of London for the public service and for other purposes.

195. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Watchet.

196. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1900 to enable the School Boards for Barnes Epping Liverpool Manchester and Swansea United District to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts.

197. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Aberdeen Suburban Tramways.

198. An act for enabling the Commissioners of Woods to sell or let land in the New Forest for necessary public purposes.

199. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1882 for the regulation of the commons in the parishes of Chipping Sodbury Old Sodbury and Little Sodbury in the county of Gloucester.

200. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Wexford and Wicklow.

201. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by. the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Chatham Falmouth Harrington St. Annes-on-the-Sea and Tenby.

202. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Brighton Corporation Tramways Gheadle and Gatley Urban District Council Tramway Lees Urban District Council Tramways Southport Corporation Tramways Stockport Corporation Tramways and Sunderland Corporation Tramways.

203. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Heywood Corporation Tramways Leeds Corporation Tramways Pontypridd Urban District Council Tramways Southampton Corporation Tramways West Riding Tramways (Knottingley Extension) and Wolverhampton Corporation Tramways.

204. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Portpatrick and Wigtownshire Joint Railway.

205. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Glasgow and South Western Railway.

206. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bedlingtonshire Chepstow (Urban and Rural) Cowes Hitchin Morpeth Ashington Newbiggin-by-the-Sea and Morpeth (Rural) Pokesdown Slough and Datchet Stevenage Tadcaster and District Trefriw and certain districts and parishes in the West Riding of the county of York.

207. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bermondsey (Extension) Stoke Newington and Woolwich.

208. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Knutsford Gas and Water Staines and Egham Gas Syston and Thurmaston Gas Uckfield Water and Worksop Water.

209. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Arundel Liverpool and Worthing and the counties of Cornwall Dorset and the West Riding of Yorkshire.

210. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Rotherham and West Hartlepool.

211. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Elementary Education Acts, 1870 to 1900 to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts.

212. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Greenock and Port Glasgow Tramways.

213. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh and Leith Corporations Gas.

214. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the management of the Charity or Foundation called the Yardley Charity Estates in the parish of Yardley in the county of Worcester.

215. An act to authorise the Rossendale Valley Tramways Company to extend their tramways and for other purposes.

216. An act to confirm an agreement between the Garston and District Tramways Company Limited of the first part the Garston and District Electric Supply Company Limited of the second part and the Corporation of the City of Liverpool of the third part for the transfer to the Corporation of the respective undertakings of those companies and for other purposes.

217. An act to authorise the Hull Barnsley and West" Riding Junction Railway and Dock Company to construct new railways and to purchase additional lands and to confer other powers upon them and for other purposes.

218. An act to empower the London County Council to construct and use a subway and tramway in the Metropolitan Borough of Holborn and the City of Westminster and for other purposes.

219. An act to enable the London County Council to construct new tramways in the county of London and to work the same by electric traction to make street improvements to acquire lands for a station for generating electricity and for use in connexion with their tramway undertaking and for other purposes.

220. An act to empower the Metropolitan District Railway Company to lay down and maintain mains for electrical energy to acquire lands to work certain railways by electrical energy to raise further capital to enable them to constitute the railway authorised by the Metropolitan District Railway Act 1897 a separate undertaking to extend the time for the completion of certain railways and compulsory purchase of lands and for other purposes.

221. An act for reviving and extending the period limited by the Hastings Harbour District Railway Act 1897 for the compulsory purchase of lands and for extending the period limited by that Act for the construction of the railways and works by that Act authorised.

222. An act to confer further powers on the Great Northern and City Railway Company and to extend the time for the completion of the authorised railway of that Company and for other purposes.

223. An act for authorising the Birmingham and Midland Tramways Limited to construct additional tramways and other works and to use mechanical power upon their tramways and for other purposes.

224. An act to confer powers upon the Corporation of the borough of Devonport with respect to the construction and working of tramways within the borough to authorise the construction of an embankment and road at Camel’s Head Bridge to make further provision for the borrowing of money and for other purposes.

225. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Devonport to purchase the undertaking of the Devonport Water Company and for other purposes.

226. An act to incorporate the Saddleworth and Springhead Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways and other works and for other purposes.

227. An act to empower the Neath Rural District Council to obtain a supply of water from the River Tringarth in the parish of Ystradfelite in the county of Brecknock to acquire the Cwm Avon gas and water undertaking and for other purposes.

228. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Wigan in regard to the acquisition and construction of tramways and light railways and the construction of street improvements and to make further provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of the said borough and for other purposes.

229. An act for empowering the North Staffordshire Tramways Company Limited to work their tramways by mechanical or electrical power and for conferring further powers upon that Company and the Potteries Electric Traction Company Limited with regard to their respective tramways and for other purposes.

230. An act to incorporate the Mexborough and Swinton Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways and other works and for other purposes.

231. An act to authorise the Liverpool Cathedral Committee to purchase a site for and to erect a cathedral church for the diocese of Liverpool and for other purposes.

232. An act to empower the Corporation of Swansea to construct and work tramways and to construct street improvements and other works to inclose the common lands known as Graig-Trewyddfa to confer powers upon the Corporation in regard to their electric lighting undertaking their recreation grounds and the establishment of a workmen’s compensation fund to provide for the discontinuance of payments to the twelve senior burgesses and to make further provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough and the borrowing of money by the Corporation and for other purposes.

233. An act to empower the Corporation of Nottingham to construct additional tramways and to make new waterworks and for other purposes.

234. An act to empower the Corporation of Margate to construct additional waterworks and to extend their limits for the supply of water and for other purposes.

235. An act to authorise the alteration of the railways of the Great Northern and Strand Railway Company and the transfer of their undertaking and powers to the Brompton and Piccadilly Circus Railway Company and for other purposes.

236. An act to authorise the construction of certain new works for improving the harbour of Dover the raising of further moneys by the Dover Harbour Board and for other purposes.

237. An act to provide for the settlement of questions which have arisen between the preference shareholders and the ordinary shareholders in the Barrow Haematite Steel Company Limited and for other purposes.

238. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Menai Bridge to construct additional waterworks for the supply of their district to purchase and improve St. George’s Pier to construct a sea wall and promenade and to make further and better provision for the improvement of the district and for other purposes.

239. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Whitstable in the county of Kent to purchase the undertakings of the Whitstable Water Company Limited and the Whitstable Gas and Coke Company Limited and to supply water and gas to transfer to the Council the powers within the district of the Commissioners of Sewers for the levels of East Kent and to make further and better provision for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes.

240. An act for authorising the Corporation of the City of Liverpool to execute certain street improvements and to acquire certain lands for the protection of their Rivington water supply for confirming an agreement between the Corporation and the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board for making further regulations with respect to streets and buildings and with respect to sanitary matters for conferring on the Corporation powers with respect to Stanley Cattle Market for amending divers provisions of the Local Acts in force within the city and for other purposes.

241. An act to confer further powers upon the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of York and to make further provision in regard to the navigation of the Rivers Ouse and Foss and the health local government and improvement of the city and for other purposes.

242. An act to make provision for the protection of the Crumlin Viaduct on the Great Western Railway and for other purposes.

243. An act to empower the London and India Docks Company to acquire further lands to make further provision with respect to craft resorting to their docks to confer further powers upon and to amend the Acts relating to the Company and for other purposes.

244. An act to enable the Dublin Port and Docks Board to make new provisions with respect to the lists of electors of elective members of the Board to acquire lands for widening quays to provide quay traffic facilities to erect labouring class dwellings to borrow further moneys for the improvement of the port to substitute new mortgages for those created under the Dublin Port and Docks Acts of 1869 and 1879 to authorise additional and substituted rates to confer further powers upon the Board and to vary their existing Acts and for other purposes.

245. An act to make further and better provision for the improvement health and good government of the borough of Eastbourne and for other purposes.

246. An act to empower the Urban District Council of Fleetwood in the county of Lancaster to construct new outfall and other sewers and for other purposes.

247. An act for conferring further powers on the London United Tramways (1901) Limited for constructing tramways and widening and altering roads in the counties of London and Surrey and for other purposes.

248. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Bridgend (Glamorganshire) Gas and Water Goring and Streatley District Gas and Water Marlow Water Mid-Kent Water and Pinxton Water.

249. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Marlow Water.

250. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Lanarkshire (Middle Ward District) Water.

251. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dumbarton Corporation.

252. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Wick Burgh Extension.

253. An act to confirm agreements for vesting common and other land in the local authorities of the districts of Richmond Ham and Kingston and the Surrey County Council as public open spaces and for other purposes.

254. An act to enable the South Eastern Railway Company to make a new railway and widenings to enable that Company and the London Chatham and Dover Railway Company to acquire and to hold additional lands to enable the Crowhurst Sidley and Bexhill Railway Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

255. An act to confer further powers on the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Company.

256. An act for conferring further powers upon the Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway Company for authorising Agreements with the Metropolitan District Railway Company the South Eastern and Chatham Railway Companies Managing Committee the South Eastern Railway Company and the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Company and for other purposes.

257. An act for incorporating the Edgware and Hampstead Railway Company and for empowering them to construct railways from Edgware to Holder's Green near Hampstead and for other purposes.

258. An act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands for and completion of the railways and works authorised by the North West London Railway Act 1899 and for other purposes.

259. An act to confer further powers on the Brompton and Piccadilly Circus Railway Company for the construction new railways and works and for the use of part of the Metropolitan District Railway to extend the time for compulsory purchase of land and completion of works and to authorise working and other agreements with other companies and for other purposes.

260. An act for the abandonment of the Bexhill and Rotherfield Railway and for other purposes.

261. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation (Water and General).

