Local Acts passed in 1903, 3 Edward 7 c.1 - c.263.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 41.
---

1. An act for enabling the Western Trust Limited to re-arrange its capital and to provide for the extinction of its shares and for issuing ordinary shares in lieu thereof and for altering the memorandum and articles of association of the Company and for other purposes.

2. An act to make further provision with respect to the Servants’ Pension Fund of the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes.

3. An act to amalgamate the Guinness Trust (Dublin) Fund with the Dublin improvement (Bull Alley area) Scheme to vest the property of the Guinness (Dublin) trustees in the trustees of the said scheme to change the name of such last-mentioned trustees to confer further powers on them and for other purposes.

4. An act for enabling the Queensland Investment and Land Mortgage Company Limited to pay off capital paid in advance of calls and for other purposes.

5. An act to amend the Great Northern and City Railway Act 1902 and to authorise the Great Northern and City Railway Company to raise additional capital for the purposes of their undertaking.

6. An act to authorise the Maidstone Gas Company to convert their existing capital to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

7. An act to authorise agreements between the councils of the Metropolitan boroughs of Stoke Newington Hackney and Islington with respect to the supply of electricity in bulk and to confer powers upon the Stoke Newington Borough Council with respect to the purchase of lands and for other purposes.

8. An act to extend the powers of the North Middlesex Gas Company.

9. An act to confer further powers on the Plymouth and Stonehouse Gas Light and Coke Company and for other purposes.

10. An act to confer further powers upon the Faversham Gas Company and for other purposes.

11. An act to provide for an increase and re-arrangement of the share capital of North’s Navigation Collieries (1889) Limited and for other purposes.

12. An act for enlarging the powers of investment of the Life Association of Scotland and for other purposes.

13. An act to effect a combination of the undertakings of the Pelican Life Insurance Company and the British Empire Mutual Life Assurance Company and for other purposes.

14. An act to extend the objects and powers of the Lima Railways Company Limited and for other purposes.

15. An act to authorise the Exeter Railway Company to acquire additional lands to revive and further extend the time for the completion of their authorised railways to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

16. An act to abolish the rate now leviable for certain church purposes in the parish of All Saints Poplar in the county of London and to make other provisions for securing the stipend of the rector of All Saints Poplar and for other purposes.

17. An act to enlarge the powers of the London Hydraulic Power Company as to the raising of capital the supply of water and the acquisition of a new site for their pumping station at Westminster and for other purposes.

18. An act to authorise the Sutton District Water Company to construct additional waterworks acquire lands and raise further moneys and for other purposes.

19. An act for continuing the Bridgwater Gas Light Company for regulating and increasing the capital of the Company and for other purposes.

20. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the East Ardsley Gas Company and for other purposes.

21. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Burgess Hill and St. John’s Common Gas Company and for other purposes.

22. An act to authorise the Scarborough Gas Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

23. An act to confer further powers on the Sittingbourne District Gas Company.

24. An act to regulate the capital of the South Wales Mineral Railway Company and for other purposes.

25. An act to confer further powers upon the Cleveland and Durham County Electric Power Company and for other purposes.

26. An act for further extending the powers of the India Rubber Gutta Percha and Telegraph Works Company Limited.

27. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Milford Docks Company and for other purposes.

28. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Market Drayton Gas Company.

29. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Wellington (Salop) Gas Company and for other purposes.

30. An act for reviving and extending the period limited by the Knott End Railway Act 1898 for the compulsory purchase of lands and for extending the period limited by that Act for the construction of the railway by that Act authorised; and for other purposes.

31. An act for conferring further powers upon the Winchester Water and Gas Company and for other purposes.

32. An act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company and upon the Norfolk and Suffolk Joint Railways Committee and upon the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes.

33. An act for conferring further powers upon the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation and for other purposes.

34. An act to authorise the Harrow and Stanmore Gas Company to acquire lands to construct gasworks to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

35. An act to revive and extend the powers for the purchase of land and the time limited for the completion of the railway authorised by the Wirral Railway Act 1898 to extend the time for disposing of and otherwise dealing with certain surplus lands of the Wirral Railway Company to increase the capital of that Company and for other purposes.

36. An act to empower the Urban District Council of Rickmansworth to purchase the undertaking of the Rickmansworth Gas Company and to supply gas and for other purposes.

37. An act to authorise the transfer of the Knaresborough Waterworks to the Corporation of Harrogate and to enable them to supply water in Knaresborough and adjoining places.

38. An act for conferring further powers on the Gorleston and Southtown Gas Company.

39. An act to confer further powers on the Belfast City and District Water Commissioners.

40. An act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Sheepshed Gas and Coke Company Limited to the Sheepshed Urban District Council and to confer further powers on the said Council with respect to the supply of gas and for other purposes.

41. An act to enable the Gas Light and Coke Company to raise additional moneys and to purchase take and hold lands and for altering the standard price of gas and redeeming capital and for other purposes.

42. An act to make provision for the testing of gas supplied by the Commercial Gas Company and for other purposes.

43. An act for conferring further powers on the Great Eastern Railway Company and for other purposes.

44. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 relating to lands in the parishes of Aslackby and Dowsby in the county of Lincoln.

45. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Mitchelstown in the county of Cork.

46. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Brixham Brumby and Frodingham Dawlish Horbury Hucknall-under-Huthwaite Newton-in-Makerfield Orrell Scunthorpe Sidmouth and Yeovil.

47. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Auckland (Rural) Carisbrooke and Northwood Drayton in Hales Illogan Ingleton Port Dinorwic Sevenoaks South Shields (Rural) Stafford (Rural) and Wilmslow.

48. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1902 relating to Borrowstounness Cambuslang Irvine Kilmalcolm and Kirkintilloch.

49. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bexley (Extension) Bridgwater and District Bromley (Rural) Hendon (Amendment) Huddersfield (Extension) Leatherhead and District (Extension) Prestwich (Amendment) Stroud and Whitchurch and Pangbourne.

50. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Lanarkshire and Ayrshire Railway.

51. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Dundee Royal Lunatic Asylum.

52. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the urban districts of Bray and Dungarvan and the counties of Dublin Waterford and Wicklow.

53. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the county of Waterford.

54. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Belfast (Rural), Ennistymon (Rural) and Londonderry and the Rathdrum and Wicklow Joint Burial Board District.

55. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the urban district of Athy and the rural district of Naas (No. 1).

56. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the urban districts of Armagh Clonakilty Fermoy Kinsale Lurgan Macroom Midleton Portadown Queenstown Skibbereen and Youghal the counties of Armagh and Cork and the Kildare Drainage ’District.

57. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Bolton.

58. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Aberavon Darlington Hexham Reading Stafford and Wallasey.

59. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Barnes Burton upon Trent Castle Ward (Rural) Matlock Bath and Scarthin Nick Newton Abbot Penrith Stroud Worthing and Yardley (Rural).

60. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the counties of Oxford and Worcester.

61. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Camborne Heston and Isleworth Mountain Ash New Windsor Southport Stratford-upon-Avon Tunbridge Wells and Whitley and Monkseaton; (Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

62. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Coventry Rawmarsh Shipley and Tynemouth.

63. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the counties of East Sussex and Leicester.

64. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Ashbourne the Guildford Godalming and Woking and the South Shields (Rural) and Southwick-on-Wear Joint Hospital Districts.

65. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Cudworth Hucknall-under-Huthwaite and Meltham.

66. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to St. Luke’s Church and Parish Quoad Sacra Edinburgh.

67. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Admiralty under the Naval Works Act 1895.

68. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board oc Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Llandudno Galway and Scrabster.

69. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Grangemouth water.

70. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Lanarkshire electricity and refuse destruction.

71. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Forth Navigation.

72. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Caledonian Railway.

73. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh Corporation (Markets Slaughter-houses &c.) (Edinburgh Corporation (Markets Slaughter-houses &c.) Order Confirmation.)

74. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the North British Railway.

75. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban Districts of Athlone and Kingstown (two).

76. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the City of Oxford.

77. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Barry Fenton Leeds and Tonbridge and the Ports of Hartlepool and Manchester.

78. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Ashton-under-Lyne Darwen Newton-in-Makerfield Prestwich and Vaynor and Penderyn.

79. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Blackpool Conway and Spalding and the Darenth Valley Main Sewerage District.

80. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Colne and Swansea and the South Staffordshire Joint Small-Pox Hospital District.

81. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of London and Surrey.

82. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bury and the Bury and District Joint Hospital District.

83. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Wolverhampton.

84. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892.

85. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1900 to enable the School Boards for East Ham Lower Michaelstone Manchester and Willesden to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts.

86. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Hamilton Burgh Water and Town Hall.

87. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Broughty Ferry Gas Supply.

88. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Abersychan Calverley Falmouth Horsforth Launceston Maesteg Walton-upon-Thames Warmley Whickham and Wigan (Rural).

89. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Cambridge and District Isle of Sheppey and District Sandwich Deal Walmer and District Sittingbourne and Milton Strood and Dartford (Rural Districts) Tadcaster and District (Extension) Uxbridge and District (Extension) and Wimbledon (Extension).

90. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Truro and Salen (Mull).

91. An act to consolidate the existing loans of the Southampton Harbour Board and to empower them to raise further money and to authorise contributions by and agreements with the London and South Western Railway Company and the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Southampton and for other purposes.

92. An act to amend King’s College London Act 1882.

93. An act to authorise the Scunthorpe Urban District Council to construct waterworks in lieu of the waterworks -authorised by the Scunthorpe Urban District Gas and Water Act 1899 and for other purposes.

94. An act to confer further powers upon the Ipswich Gas Light Company.

95. An act to authorise the Lanarkshire and Dumbartonshire Railway Company to raise further moneys to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to subscribe for additional shares or stock to sanction certain existing railways and for other purposes.

96. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of New Hunstanton to acquire land for water and gas purposes to construct an outfall sewer and to make further provision in regard to the health local government improvement and finance of the Urban District and for other purposes.

97. An act for empowering the British Gas Light Company Limited to expend further capital at Norwich.

98. An act to empower the Hastings Tramways Company to construct extension tramways in the county borough of Hastings and for other purposes.

99. An act to extend the powers of the Jewish Colonization Association and for other purposes.

100. An act to authorise the Hampton Court Gas Company to raise additional capital to convert their existing capital to enlarge their works to amend their existing Act and for other purposes.

101. An act to confer further powers upon the Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway Company to authorise agreements with the Underground Electric Railways Company of London Limited and for other purposes.

102. An act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands and for the construction and completion of the Wolverhampton and Cannock Chase Railway and for other purposes (Wolverhampton and Cannock Chase Railway (Extension of Time).)

103. An act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company and the Midland Railway Company in relation to their respective joint undertakings and upon the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes.

104. An act to empower the Urban District Council of Nantwich to supply gas and to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Nantwich Gas Company Limited to the Council and to make further and better provision with regard to the supply of electricity and for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes.

105. An act to confer further powers upon the Sheffield and South Yorkshire Navigation Company.

106. An act to authorise the Corporation of Torquay to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes.

107. An act to extend the time for the construction of certain waterworks authorised by the Nelson Local Board Act 1888 for protecting the water supply from pollution and to make better provision in regard to the supply of water and for other purposes.

108. An act to extend the periods for the commencement of the construction and for the completion of the tramways tramroads and other works and for the taking of lands authorised by the West Cumberland Electric Tramways Act 1901 to extend the area within which the West Cumberland Electric Tramways Company may supply electricity and to confer on that Company further and additional powers with regard to such supply and for other purposes.

109. An act to confer further powers upon the Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours Company for the construction of a railway and other works and the acquisition of lands and to make provision as to a bridge over the river Suir at Waterford to empower the Great Western and Great Southern and Western Railway Companies to guarantee interest on the capital of the Company and for other purposes.

110. An act to confer further powers upon the Hexham Gas Company.

111. An act to enable the Cheshire Lines Committee to make new railways to acquire additional lands and for other purposes.

112. An act to confirm an agreement between the Highland Railway Company and the Invergarry and Fort Augustus Railway Company to enable the Highland Railway Company to erect and maintain a hotel at Dornoch to apply their capital thereto and for other purposes.

113. An act to authorise the Port Talbot Railway and Docks Company to raise further moneys for the purposes of their undertaking.

114. An act to empower the Urban District Council of Merthyr Tydfil to construct additional waterworks and a street improvement and to make further and better provision for the good government health and improvement of the district and for olher purposes.

115. An act to empower the Pontypridd Urban District Council to make a new street and other street works to lay down a tramway and to confer further powers upon the Council with regard to their gas and electricity undertakings and with regard to the good government and improvement of the district.

116. An act to authorise the Council for the Urban District of Frinton-on-Sea in the county of Essex to construct and maintain sea-walls and other works at Frinton-on Sea and to improve and regulate the sea front of the said district and for other purposes.

117. An act for empowering the Cardiff Railway Company to construct a new railway and works and to abandon the construction of a portion of railway already authorised for extending the time for the completion of certain railways and works and for other purposes.

118. An act to make further and better provision with regard to the electric light undertaking of the Council and for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes.

119. An act for making railways in the county of Derby from the Midland Railway (Dore and Chinley Branch) at Grindleford to the Midland Railway (Derby and Manchester Branch) at Bakewell and for other purposes.

120. An act to confer further powers on the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company and for other purposes.

121. An act to authorise the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to construct additional dock works on the Liverpool side of the River Mersey to amend in certain respects the Acts relating to that Board and for other purposes.

122. An act for conferring further Powers on the Broadstairs Gas Company.

123. An act to make further and better provision with regard to the improvement health local government and finance of the borough of Hyde and for other purposes.

124. An act to make provision as to the water supply of the borough of Leigh and the Urban District of Hindley to enable the Corporation of Leigh to make new waterworks tramways and street improvements and to make further provisions for the health local government and improvement of the said borough and for other purposes.

125. An act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company.

126. An act to empower the Metropolitan District Railway Company to deviate the railway authorised by the Metropolitan District Railway Act 1897 and to construct other railways to acquire lands to lay down electric cables to raise further capital to acquire the Hounslow and Metropolitan Railway and for other purposes.

127. An act to provide for the vesting of the undertaking of the Belfast and Northern Counties Railway Company in the Midland Railway Company.

128. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Dawlish Bude and Sandown.

129. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Aultbea and Pennan.

130. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Sligo Limerick and Dundalk.

131. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Boscombe and Bournemouth Carnarvon Gorleston Herne Bay and Avoch.

132. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Cobham Gas Conisbrough Gas Hailsham Gas St. Ives (Hunts) Gas and Woking District Gas.

133. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Brading Harbour District Gas Crossgates Halton and Seacroft Gas Herne Bay Gas Pembroke Docks and Town Gas and Riddings District Gas.

134. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Bolsover and District Water Goring and Streatley District Water Leatherhead and District Water Ludgershall Water and Mid-Kent Water.

135. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Metropolitan Boroughs of Hampstead Holborn and Lambeth.

136. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Auckland Shildon and Willington the Croydon and Wimbledon the Tarvin Malpas and Tarporley and the Windsor and Egham Joint Hospital Districts.

137. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Dover and Yeovil.

138. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland) 1863 and the Acts amending the same relating to the Pallas River Drainage District in the County of Tipperary.

139. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the, Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the County of Wexford the Urban District of Wexford and the Town of Keady.

140. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Castleblayney (Urban) Castleblayney (Rural) the port of Cork and the Portadown and Banbridge Joint Waterworks District.

141. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban Districts of Ballymena Ballymoney Banbridge Bangor Carrickfergus Dromore Holy wood Larne Lisburn Newry Newtownards Portrush and Warrenpoint and the Counties of Antrim Armagh and Down.

142. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1890 relating to Perth Corporation (Tramways).

143. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Aberdeen Corporation Tramways.

144. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 relating to land in the Royal Borough of Kensington.

145. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Burton-upon-Trent Corporation Tramways Bury Corporation Tramways Cardiff Corporation Tramways (Extension) Huddersfield Corporation Tramways Leeds Corporation Tramways Newcastle-upon-Tyne Corporation Tramways and Portobello and Musselburgh Tramways.

146. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Barrow-in-Furness Tramways Horsforth Urban District Council Tramways Keighley Corporation Tramways and Ramsbottom Urban District Council Tramways.

147. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Irvine and District Water Board.

148. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Royal Burgh of Rothesay, (Rothesay Corporation Order Confirmation.)

149. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Scottish Episcopal Clergy Widows’ and Orphans’ Fund.

150. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1902 to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts.

151. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Aldershot Gas and Water Amersham Beaconsfield and District Water St. David’s Water and Gas St. Neot’s Water and Wexford Gas.

152. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation (Police).

153. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Lanarkshire Tramways.

154. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Wick and Pulteney Harbours.

104. An act to confirm a scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the management of the charity called Addenbrooke’s Hospital in the town of Cambridge in the county of Cambridge regulated by the Act of the seventh year of George the Third chapter ninety-nine.

156. An act to enable His Majesty’s Postmaster-General to acquire lands in London and Bristol for the public service and for other purposes.

157. An act to enable the Scottish American Mortgage Company Limited to create preference stock to enlarge its powers and for other purposes.

158. An act to authorise the South Lancashire Tramways Company to construct additional tramways and other works and to extend the time for taking lands and for the construction and completion of certain authorised tramways and widenings and for other purposes.

159. An act to confer further powers on the Didcot Newbury and Southampton Railway Company.

160. An act to empower the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to construct certain new railways to acquire additional lands to enlarge and improve their station at Waterford to confer further powers upon the Company to enable them to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

161. An act to provide for the sale and disposal of Saint Philip’s Chapel (Regent Street) and for other purposes.

162. An act to authorise the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Company to acquire additional lands and for other purposes.

163. An act to enable the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company to construct a railway from Kingscourt to Castleblayney to acquire additional lands and for other purposes.

164. An act to empower the Walker and Wallsend Union Gas Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

165. An act to confirm an agreement for the transfer to the Blackheath and Greenwich District Electric Light Company Limited of the undertaking of the Lewisham and District Electric Supply Company Limited and to confer further powers upon the Blackheath and Greenwich District Electric Light Company Limited and for other purposes.

166. An act for consolidating the capital of the Derby Gas Light and Coke Company for enabling that Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

167. An act for empowering the Dudley Stourbridge and District Electric Traction Company Limited to work their tramways by mechanical or electrical power and for other purposes.

168. An act to extend the time limited for the completion of and purchase of lands for the works authorised by the Christchurch and Bournemouth Tramways Act 1900 and for other purposes.

169. An act for authorising the Tynemouth and District Electric Traction Company Limited to use mechanical power upon their tramways and for other purposes.

170. An act to make farther provision with respect to the health and good government of the county borough of Middlesbrough and the collection of rates within the said borough and for other purposes.

171. An act for extending the time for the purchase or certain lands and completion of certain railways by the Taff Vale Railway Company for enabling the Company to work their railways by electrical power and for other purposes.

172. An act to confer further powers on the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Sutton Coldfield in regard to their electric light undertaking and to make further provision for the improvement health local government and finance of the borough and for other purposes* (Sutton Coldfield Corporation.)

173. An act for empowering the City and South London Railway Company to construct an extension of their underground railway to Euston in the county of London and for transferring to that Company the powers of the City and Brixton Railway Company and for other purposes.

174. An act to transfer the electricity undertaking of the Walker and Wallsend Union Gas Company to the Newcastle-upon-Tyne Electric Supply Company Limited and for other purposes.

175. An act to authorise the Empire Electric Light and Power Company limited to construct tramways in Romford and the adjoining districts in the county of Essex and for other purposes.

176. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Wigan in regard to the construction of tramways and street improvements and for other purposes.

177. An act to, authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Councillors of the metropolitan borough of Woolwich to supply electrical energy in bulk to the Urban District. Council of Foots Cray to confer further powers upon the said Mayor Aldermen and Councillors and to make further-provision with respect to markets in the borough of Woolwich and for other purposes.

178. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Bournemouth to maintain and use the tramways authorised by the Bournemouth Corporation Tramways Order 1900 and to make provision for the transfer of the undertaking of the Poole and District Electric Traction Company Limited and for other purposes.

179. An act to amend the Alexandra Park and Palace (Public Purposes) Act 1900 and to confer powers on the Alexandra Park Trustees to make charges for admission on bank holidays.

180. An act to authorise the Chatham and District Light Railways Company to construct tramways and tramroads and other works and for other purposes.

181. An act to confer powers on the Urban District Council of Willesden with respect to their electric lighting undertaking and recreation grounds streets buildings sanitary and other matters for the good government of their district and to transfer to them the powers of the Vestry of the parish of Willesden and for other purposes.

182. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the city of Exeter to construct tramways and street improvements and for other purposes.

183. An act to extend the time for the completion of certain railways by the Barry Railway Company to confirm an agreement between the Company and certain landowners to empower the Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

184. An act to authorise the construction of a new tramway in the Urban District of Ravensthorpe and the electrical equipment and reconstruction of tramways in the boroughs of Dewsbury and Batley and the Urban Districts of Gomereal Birkenshaw Soothill Upper and Birstal and for other purposes.

185. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Worthing to construct tramways, in and adjacent to the borough and for other purposes.

186. An act to confer further powers on the Great Northern Piccadilly and Brompton Railway Company and for other purposes.

187. An act to empower the London County Council to purchase lands to extend the time for completion of certain works to empower the Metropolitan Borough Councils of Camberwell and Kensington to execute works and purchase lands to make provision with respect to premises used for receiving horses for slaughter and carcases of dead horses and the removal and disposal of dead horses to make provision with respect to the drainage of Upper Norwood to confer powers upon Metropolitan Borough Councils with respect to street markets and the provision and maintenance of public clocks and for other purposes.

188. An act to confer further powers upon the London Tilbury and Southend Railway Company.

189. An act to incorporate the Watford and Edgware Railway Company and for empowering them to construct a railway from Watford to Edgware and for other purposes.

190. An act to empower the Harrow Road and Paddington Tramways Company to work their tramways by mechanical power to lease their undertaking to the Metropolitan Electric Tramways limited and for other purposes.

191. An act for conferring further powers on the London United Tramways (1901) Limited for widening and altering roads and acquiring lands in the counties of Middlesex Surrey and London and for other purposes.

192. An act to empower the Corporation of Birmingham to work tramways and to construct an additional tramway and to confer further powers on them in regard to streets buildings and sewers and the health local government and improvement of the city and for other purposes.

193. An act to incorporate the Manchester Southern Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways and other works in the county palatine of Lancaster and in the county of Chester and for other purposes.

194. An act to extend the time limited by the Kingscourt Keady and Armagh Railway Act 1900 for the compulsory purchase of lands and for the construction of certain of the railways authorised by that Act and for other purposes.

195. An act to authorise the Portsmouth Street Tramways Company to construct new tramways in the urban districts of Gosport and Alverstoke and of Fareham in the county of Southampton to work such new tramways and to adapt the existing tramways of tint Company in the urban district of Gosport and Alverstoke for working by electrical or other mechanical power and for other purposes.

196. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect ot their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company and the Midland Railway Company in respect of undertakings in which they are jointly interested for amalgamating the Ely Valley Railway Company with the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes.

197. An act to extend and enlarge the powers of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and the London and North Western Railway Company as to steam vessels and for other purposes.

198. An act to confer further powers upon the Neath Pontardawe and Brynaman Railway Company for the construction of railways to authorise the Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

199. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Chard to purchase the undertaking of the Chard Gas Company and to supply gas within their borough and the neighbourhood thereof and for other purposes.

200. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Rochester to construct tramways and street improvements and for other purposes.

201. An act for rendering valid certain letters patent granted to William Phillips Thompson in respect of inventions communicated to him from abroad by Frederic Ellsworth Kip (1) for improvements in stop motions for looms warping machines and the like and (2) for improvements in electrical stop-motions for warps.

202. An act to incorporate the Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways and other works in the counties of Nottingham and Derby and for other purposes.

203. An act to repeal section 17 of the West Bromwich Corporation Act 1900 and section 4 of the West Bromwich Improvement Amendment Act 1865 and to enact other provisions in lieu thereof and for other purposes.

204. An act to authorise the British Electric Traction Company Limited to construct new tramways between Worthing and Shoreham to work such new tramways and to adapt the existing tramways between Shoreham and Hove for working by electrical or other mechanical power and for other purposes.

205. An act to enable the South Eastern and Chatham' Railway Companies Managing Committee to work the South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railways by electrical power and for other purposes.

206. An act to confer power on the Scottish Ontario and Manitoba Land Company Limited for the repayment and reduction of their capital and for other purposes.

207. An act to empower the Corporation of Bath to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes.

208. An act to make provision in respect of the lease of the undertaking of the Dublin and Kingstown Railway Company to the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company to enable the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company to make certain diversion railways and other works to raise additional money and for other purposes.

209. An act to authorise the Bournemouth Gas and Water Company to acquire additional lands to construct works and for other purposes.

210. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Carmarthenshire Electric Power Company.

211. An act to empower the Lord Mayor Aldermen and-Burgesses of the City of Bristol to construct additional dock railways and works and for other purposes.

212. An act to incorporate a Company and authorise them to acquire the undertaking of the Commissioners for the harbour of Maryport and to construct a dock railways and works at and near Maryport and for other purposes.

213. An act to confer further powers upon the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the city of Manchester with reference to tramways and streets and otherwise for the better local government and improvement of the city to extend the city and to make provision with reference to the Manchester Royal Infirmary and the borrowing powers of the Corporation and for other purposes.

214. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Somerset and District Electric Power Company.

215. An act to enable the City of Birmingham Tramways Company Limited to construct additional tramways and for other purposes.

216. An act to extend the time limited by the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Act 1900 for the compulsory purchase of lands and for the construction of certain of the railways Authorised by that Act and for other purposes.

217. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Beckenham in the county of Kent to carry out street improvements to construct and work tramways and to make further provision in regard to the electricity undertaking of the council and for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes.

218. An act to regulate the expenditure of money by the London County Council on capital account during the current financial period 'and the raising of money to meet such expenditure.

219. An act to enable the London County Council to construct and work tramways in the county of London to make street improvements and to acquire and use lands for the purposes of a station or stations for generating electric energy to empower the Council of the metropolitan borough of Woolwich to widen and improve Well Hall Road and for other purposes.

220. An act to incorporate the Mullingar Kells and Drogheda Railway Company and for making railways and other works in the counties of Westmeath Meath and Louth and to confer subscription and other powers on certain existing railway companies and for other purposes.

221. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Fife Electric Power Company.

222. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the county borough of South Shields to construct tramways in the borough and for other purposes.

223. An act to confer further powers upon the Urban District Council for the district of East Ham in the county of Essex.

224. An act to enable the Urban District Council of Wood Green to acquire part of Wood Green Common for the purposes of a dust destructor and to make further provision with regard to the electric light undertaking of the Council and for the improvement health and local government of the district and for other purposes.

225. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the county borough of Brighton to construct and work tramways and for other purposes.

226. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Airdrie and Coatbridge Tramways.

227. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Lerwick Harbour.

228. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation Tramways.

229. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the burgh of Auchterarder.

230. An act for the acquisition of land for the further extension of the Patent Office and for purposes connected therewith.

231. An act to confer further powers upon the South Staffordshire Tramways (lessee) Company Limited for the working of tramways by electrical power and for other purposes.

232. An act to separate University College Liverpool from the Victoria University and to merge it in the University of Liverpool and to transfer all the property and liabilities of the said University College to the University of Liverpool and for other purposes.

233. An act to confer powers on the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the city of Bradford with respect to tramways waterworks and gas supply to enable the Corporation and the Urban District Council of Shipley to exchange portions of their respective gas undertakings and to make further provisions with respect to rating and various matters of local administration and management.

234. An act empower the Bury and District Joint Water Board to construct additional waterworks to repeal and amend enactments relating to the water undertaking of the Board and for other purposes.

235. An act to incorporate the Preston Chorley and Horwich Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways and other works and for other purposes.

236. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Salford to construct an additional tramway and to make street improvements to confirm an agreement with the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the city of Manchester to provide for transfer to the Corporation of certain powers of electric lighting and to enable the Corporation to raise additional moneys by mortgage and by the creation and issue of stock and for other purposes.

237. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Shropshire and Worcestershire Electric Power Company.

238. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the North Western Electricity and Power-Gas Company and for other purposes.

239. An act to define the ranking and priority of the mortgages of the Hastings Harbour Commissioners already issued and to be issued under former Acts for the completion of the harbour works to extend the periods limited for the purchase of lands for and for the completion of such works and for other purposes.

240. An act to authorise the Hastings Harbour District Bail way Company to construct deviation railways and new railways to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

241. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Scottish Central Electric Power Company.

242. An act to incorporate the Mid-Yorkshire Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways and other works and for other purposes.

243. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Bangor to make a gift of a new site for Bangor College to provide recreation grounds to provide weighing machines to acquire the Penrhyn Hall and for other purposes.

244. An act to empower the South Western and Isle of Wight Junction Railway Company to construct a railway and a pier to raise additional capital to enter into working agreements with the London and South Western Railway Company and for other purposes.

245. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Ebbw Vale to provide additional cemeteries and to make further provision with regard to the supply of electricity and for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes.

246. An act to empower the Corporation of Kingston-upon-Hull to make a certain street work and bridge to construct additional tramways and to confer further powers on them in regard to streets buildings and sewers and the health local government and improvement of the city and for other purposes.

247. An act to authorise the Corporation of Dover to borrow money for the purchase of the undertaking of the Dover Electricity Supply Company Limited and for other purposes.

248. An act to constitute and incorporate a joint board consisting of representatives of the urban district councils of Abercarn Abertillery Ebbw Vale Nantyglo and Blaina and Risca all in the county of Monmouth and to authorise the board to construct main trunk sewers and other works for the disposal of the sewage of such districts and for other purposes.

249. An act to incorporate the Stroud and District Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways in the county of Gloucester and for other purposes.

250. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Erith in the county of Kent to construct and work tramways to carry out street improvements and to make further provision in regard to the supply of electricity and for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes.

251. An act to authorise the construction of new railways and the acquisition of lands by the Great Central Railway Company in connection with their undertaking the construction of a new railway by the North Wales and Liverpool Railway Committee or the Company in connection with the undertaking of that Committee the diversion of footpaths by the Great Western and Great Central Railways Joint Committee in connection with their undertaking and for other purposes.

252. An act to make better provision for the health good government and improvement of the county borough of Gateshead and for other purposes.

253. An act for enabling the North Eastern the Lancashire and Yorkshire the Great Northern the Midland and the Great Central Railway Companies to construct or take over certain railways in South Yorkshire authorised by the Shireoaks Laughton and Maltby Railway Act 1901 and the North Eastern Railway Act 1902 and to construct other railways and works for constituting a joint committee and for other purposes.

254. An act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of new railways and other works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes.

255. An act to confer further powers on the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Sheffield with respect to their water undertaking and their electrical undertaking to authorise the execution of various street widenings and other works in the city to consolidate into one township certain townships in the city to make further and better provision for the improvement health and good government of the city and for other purposes.

256. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Cork Harbour Commissioners to confer further powers on the Commissioners and for other purposes.

257. An act to authorise the acquisition of lands known as Lambourne Common Chigwell Common Fox Burrows Farm Grange Hill Forest and other lands in the county of Essex for the purposes of public open spaces.

258. An act for making railways in the county of Lancaster for connecting the Southport and Cheshire Lines Extension Railway with the Liverpool Overhead Railway and for other purposes.

259. An act to authorise the Coventry Electric Tramways Company to construct additional tramways and for other purposes.

260. An act to authorise the construction of a railway in the counties of Tyrone and Donegal between Strabane and Convoy and for other purposes.

261. An act to authorise the British Electric Traction Company Limited to construct further tramways in the counties of Surrey and Kent and for other purposes.

262. An act to change the name of the Newry Keady and Tynan Light Railway Company to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands for and for the completion of the railways authorised by the Newry Keady and Tynan Light Railway Act 1900 and for other purposes.

263. An act to empower the Urban District Council of Willesden to sell their generating station at Willesden to the North Metropolitan Electric Power Supply Company to confer further powers upon that Company and for other purposes.

