Local Acts passed in 1905, 5 Edward 7 c.1 - c.213.
From The Public General Acts, 1919.
---

1. An act to consolidate with amendments certain of the Local Acts in force within the city of Leeds to make further provision in regard to the various undertakings of the Corporation and to make better provision for the health and local government of the city and for other purposes.

2. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Ashton-in-Makerfield Burslem Newbury Southport and Ulverston.

3. An act to empower the Walker and Wallsend Union Gas Company to acquire additional lands and construct additional works and for other purposes.

4. An act for the abandonment of the Southampton and Winchester Great Western Junction Railway.

5. An act for authorizing the Cordoba and Rosario Railway Company Limited to increase its capital and to fund the arrears of dividends on its preferred shares by the issue of fully paid second preferred shares and for other purposes.

6. An act for authorizing the Entre Rios Railways Company Limited to increase its capital and to fund the arrears of dividends on its preference shares by the issue of fully paid second preference stock and for other purposes.

7. An act to provide for the sale of the Chapel of Saint Paul Great Portland Street and for the endowment of the Chapel of Saint Peter Vere Street in the event of that chapel having a district assigned to it and for other purposes connected therewith.

8. An act to further extend the periods for the commencement of the construction and for the completion of the tramways tramroads and other works and for the taking of lands authorised by the West Cumberland Electric Tramways Act 1901 to extend the period limited by the West Cumberland Electric Tramways Act 1903 within which distributing mains for the supply of electricity were to be laid down and for other purposes.

9. An act for uniting the ecclesiastical parish of Holy Trinity Portsea with one or more contiguous parishes and for authorising and carrying into effect an agreement between the Bishop of Winchester and the Admiralty for the sale of the church and vicarage house of Holy Trinity Portsea and for the disposal of the purchase-money and the endowments of the benefice and for other purposes connected therewith.

10. An act to confer further powers upon the Brompton Chatham Gillingham and Rochester Waterworks Company and for other purposes.

11. An act to effect a fusion of the undertaking of the Hand-in-Hand Fire and Life Insurance Society with that of the Commercial Union Assurance Company Limited and for other purposes.

12. An act to extend the periods prescribed by the scheme of arrangement relating to the Mortgage Insurance Corporation Limited for the liquidation of their affairs and for other purposes.

13. An act to authorise the Truro Water Company to construct additional waterworks acquire lands and raise further moneys and for other purposes.

14. An act to revive and extend the period limited for the compulsory purchase of lands and to extend the period limited for the construction and completion of the Harbour and Works authorised by the Hastings Harbour Act 1890 and the Hastings Harbour Act 1897 and for other purposes.

15. An act to confer further powers upon the Urban Electric Supply Company Limited with respect to their electric lighting undertakings in the urban districts of Weybridge and Walton-upon-Thames respectively and for other purposes.

16. An act for providing for the extinction of the founders’ shares of the Chelsea Electricity Supply Company Limited and the substitution therefor of ordinary shares in the capital of that Company and for other purposes.

17. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Epping Gas Company and for other purposes.

18. An act to make further provisions with respect to the Undertaking of the South Suburban Gas Company.

19. An act to extend the time for the purchase of lands for and the completion of railways authorised by the Nottingham and Retford Railway Act 1902 to amend that Act in various respects and for other purposes.

20. An act to extend the time for the construction of certain works authorised by the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Act 1891 to confer further powers on the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Company and for other purposes.

21. An act to confer further powers on the Metropolitan District Railway Company and for other purposes.

22. An act to confirm the amalgamation of the institutions known as the Orphan Working School the Alexandra Orphanage for Infants and the Convalescent Seaside Home for Orphans to alter the name of the president vice-presidents treasurer and governors of the Orphan Working School to vest in them the property of the Alexandra Orphanage for Infants to confer further powers on them and for other purposes.

23. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the East Cowes Gas Company.

24. An act for the abandonment of the railways and works authorised by the Hastings Harbour District Railway Acts 1897 and 1903.

25. An act to enable the Tyneside Tramways and Tramroads Company to create and issue additional preference shares and for other purposes.

26. An act to amend and define the borrowing powers of the Urban District Council of Tralee in the county of Kerry and to enable them to borrow additional moneys and for other purposes.

27. An act for the abandonment of the Clay Cross Railway and for other purposes.

28. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Berkhampstead Gas Company and for other purposes.

29. An act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands and for the construction of the tramways and works authorised by the Mexborough and Swinton Tramways Act 1902 and the Rawmarsh Urban District Council (Tramways) Act 1900 and for other purposes.

30. An act for conferring further powers upon the Wrexham Gas Light Company.

31. An act to enable the Corporation of the city of Dublin to grant pensions or other superannuation allowances to artisans workmen labourers and servants in their service in certain cases and for other purposes.

32. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the South Oxfordshire Water and Gas Company.

33. An act to transfer the Renfrew Harbour Undertaking to the Trustees of the Clyde Navigation to abandon the Works authorised by the Renfrew Burgh and Harbour Extension Act 1899 and for other purposes.

34. An act for conferring further powers on the Great Eastern Railway Company for enabling the Great Northern and Great Eastern Joint Committee to acquire additional lands for extending the periods limited for the completion of works by the Company the Hertfordshire County Council and the Epping Rural District Council and for the purchase of lands by the Company and for other purposes.

35. An act to extend the time limited for the construction of Waterworks by the Loughborough Corporation Act 1897 and to enable the Corporation to purchase further lands and to borrow further moneys for their Waterworks and for other purposes.

36. An act to alter the constitution of the Norwich Union Life Insurance Society by substituting a Memorandum and Articles of Association for its existing Laws and Regulations and to repeal the Norwich Union Life Insurance Society Act 1891 and for other purposes.

37. An act to empower the Higham and Hundred of Hoo Water Company to raise Additional Capital and for other purposes.

38. An act to empower the South Metropolitan Gas Company to purchase lands and for other purposes.

39. An act to confirm an agreement for the acquisition by the Ilfracombe Urban District Council of part and the lease (with an option of purchase) of the remainder of the Ilfracombe Pier and Harbour Undertaking including Lantern Hill and other lands held therewith and to enable the Council to carry out street improvements and to make further and better provision for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes.

40. An act to authorise the Accrington District Gas and Water Board to make new waterworks to extend their limits of supply for gas and water and for other purposes.

41. An act to extend the time for the purchase of lands and completion of works authorised by the Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock (South Yorkshire Extension Lines) Act 1902 to amend the Acts relating to the Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock Company and for other purposes.

42. An act to make further and better provision with regard to the Improvement Health Local Government and Finance of the Urban District of Otley and for other purposes.

43. An act to authorise the Corporation of Accrington to construct and work Tramways to execute street works and improvements and to make further provision for the improvement local government and health of the Borough of Accrington and for other purposes.

44. An act for Incorporating and Conferring Powers on the Aylesbury Gas Company.

45. An act to provide for the transfer to the Croydon Gas Company of the Undertaking of the Caterham and District Gas Company to extend the limits of supply of the Croydon Gas Company to authorise that Company to raise additional Capital and for other purposes.

46. An act to enable the Aberdare Urban District Council to make and maintain Street Improvements and for other purposes.

47. An act for making further and better provision in regard to the markets and the supply of gas water and electricity by the Corporation of Colne and the improvement health and good government of the Borough and for other purposes.

48. An act to incorporate the North Sussex Gas Company and to enable that Company to supply with Gas certain parishes in the county of Sussex.

49. An act to transfer to and vest in the South Wales Electrical Power Distribution Company the undertaking of the Carmarthenshire Electric Power Company and for other purposes.

50. An act to extend the time limited by the London United Tramways Act 1901 and the London United Tramways Act 1902 for the construction of tramways and the acquisition of lands.

51. An act to empower the County Council of Middlesex to pay certain sums agreed to be paid by them to the Alexandra Park Trustees and for other purposes.

52. An act for vesting the undertaking of the Harrow and Uxbridge Railway Company in the Metropolitan Railway Company to provide for the consolidation of certain preference stocks of the Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

53. An act to confer further powers on the Barry Railway Company.

54. An act to confer further powers on the Urban District Council of Clacton in regard to the Seashore Recreation Grounds and other matters and to make further and better provisions in regard to the health local government and improvement of their district and for other purposes.

55. An act to extend the time limited for the construction of works authorised by the Dearne Valley Railway Act 1897 to authorise alterations in such works to confer further powers upon the Dearne Valley Railway Company and for other purposes.

56. An act to divide the west ward of the county borough of Croydon and to increase the number of aldermen and councillors to authorise the corporation of the borough to construct and work additional tramways and to execute certain street improvements to make further provision for the government and for the preservation of the health of the inhabitants of the borough and for other purposes.

57. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Stockport with reference to the construction of waterworks and otherwise for the better local government and improvement of the borough and to make provision with reference to the borrowing powers of the Corporation and for other purposes.

58. An act to empower the Corporation of Birmingham to construct additional tramways to make certain street works to amend certain provisions of the Acts relating to their waterworks undertaking and for other purposes.

59. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Brentwood Gas Company.

60. An act to regulate the capital of the Darien Gold Mining Company Limited and for other purposes.

61. An act for rendering valid certain letters patent granted to Adolph Leven in respect of an invention for improvements in appliances for protection against projectiles.

62. An act to confer further powers upon the Rhymney Railway Company for the acquisition of lands the construction of works and the raising of capital and for other purposes.

63. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Morley in relation to their water and electric lighting undertakings and to make further provision in regard to the health improvement and good government of the said borough and for other purposes.

64. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 relating to lands in the parishes of Erith and Barking.

65. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Alexander Scott’s Hospital.

66. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Grangemouth Waterworks and Burgh Extension.

67. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Arbroath Corporation Water.

68. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Water.

69. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Anglesey Middlesex and Stafford.

70. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Milford Haven Sheringham Stalybridge and Swinton.

71. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Birkenhead Bradford (Yorkshire) Chester Derby Leek Ossett and Plymouth.

72. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Brentford Ealing Han well Heston and Isleworth Sale Sheffield and Sunderland.

73. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Banbury (Rural) Lunesdale (Rural) and Newport Pagnell (Rural) and the Easington and Sedgefield the Lanchester and the Stone Joint Hospital Districts.

74. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Carmarthen Hexham Liverpool Lymm Nantwich and Widnes.

75. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Billericay (Rural) Eton (Rural) (two) and the Houghton-le-Spring and Hetton and the Rugby Joint Hospital Districts.

76. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Ijocal Government Board relating to Cheltenham and Horsham (Rural).

77. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Withnell.

78. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Parish of Hammersmith and the Poplar Union.

79. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bury (Rural) Conway Golborne Hay dock Hipperholme Little Lever Southall-Norwood Spalding Whitwood and Whitworth.

80. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the-Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Ballaghaderreen.

81. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the-Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Woolwich.

82. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Local Government (Ireland) (No. 2) Act 1900.

83. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Baltracey River the River Lerr and the Blackwater Drainage District in the Counties of Carlow Kildare and Meath.

84. An act to confirm a Scheme made by a Committee of the Lords of His Majesty’s Privy Council under the Municipal Corporation Acts 1882 and 1885 relating to Merthyr Tydfil.

85. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Abergavenny Atherton Keighley Richmond (Surrey) and Whiston (Rural).

86. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Briton Ferry Clifton Dartmouth Hardness Horsforth and Teignmouth.

87. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Kilrush (Rural) Londonderry and New Ross.

88. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bishop’s Stortford Dover (Extension) Hemsworth and District Marlborough Tottington and Woking (Chertsey Extension).

89. An act to extend the time for the completion of certain Railways authorised by the Highland Railway (Additional Powers) Act 1897 and for other purposes.

90. An act to make provision with reference to the construction of a Bridge over the River Witham at Langrick Ferry in the County of Lincoln to confer powers on the Great Northern Railway Company with reference to certain Footpaths and the Purchase of Lands to confirm the purchase of certain Lands by the Great Northern and Great Eastern Joint Committee to extend the time limited for the completion of certain Works and the purchase of certain Lands by the Company to authorise the abandonment of certain authorised Railways at Grantham to empower the Horncastle Railway Company to raise further moneys by borrowing and for other purposes.

91. An act for transferring University College London to the University of London and for other matters connected therewith and for amending the University of London Act 1898.

92. An act to enable the Weaver Navigation Trustees to improve their lift at Anderton and to raise further moneys and to confer further powers upon the Cheshire County Council with reference to such moneys and for other purposes.

93. An act for incorporating and confering powers on the Seaham Gas and Lighting Company.

94. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Swansea in regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes.

95. An act to confer further powers on the South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railway Companies and the South Eastern and Chatham Railway Companies Managing Committee for the making of new works and the acquisition of additional lands the purchase of the Sheppey Light Railway and for other purposes.

96. An act to empower the Corporation of Hythe to construct additional Waterworks to make further provision for the improvement of the Borough and for other purposes.

97. An act to provide for the granting of Superannuation Allowances to the Officers and Servants of the Council of the Metropolitan Borough of Stepney and for other purposes.

98. An act for empowering the Great Western Railway Company to construct new railways and for other purposes.

99. An act to extend the time limited for the completion of the Tramways Light Railways and Works authorised to be, constructed by the Hastings Tramways Company and to revive the powers for the compulsory purchase of land by that Company and to authorise the construction of certain deviations of their authorised Light Railways and other Works and for other purposes.

100. An act to amend the Constitution of the Trustees of the Clyde Navigation and for other purposes.

101. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Mansfield with respect to their Water Undertaking to make further and better provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of the Borough and for other purposes.

102. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1903 to enable the Councils of the County Boroughs of Liverpool and Manchester the County of Surrey and the Urban District of Willesden to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts.

103. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1903 to enable the London County Council to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts.

104. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1903 to enable the London County Council to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts.

105. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Millport Piers and Burgh Extension.

106. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Haverfordwest Leicester Scarborough and Wallasey.

107. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Durham and Framwelgate Hanley and Southport.

108. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Liverpool and Poole.

109. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Acton Bradford (Yorkshire) the Fylde Water Board and the Fylde Preston and Garstang and the Middlesex Districts Joint Hospital Districts.

110. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Sheffield.

111. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Milton-next-Sittingbourne Sittingbourne and Milton (Rural) and the Enfield and Edmonton Joint Hospital District.

112. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1902 relating to Denny and Dunipace Grangemouth Inverness Pollokshaws Renfrew Rutherglen and Uphall.

113. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Andover Burslem (Extension to Tunstall) Hessle Litherland Little Hulton Penmaenmawr Ravensthorpe Stratford-upon-Avon Surbiton and Tewkesbury.

114. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1832 and 1888 relating to Barnet Brockenhurst Farnham Gosport and Alverstoke Houghton-le-Spring and District (Amendment) Lichfield Ludlow Lytham St. Albans (Rural) and Ware.

115. An act to cm firm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1902 relating to Airdrie Coatbridge and Cults and District.

116. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Bolsover Gas Denbigh Water Formby Gas Hayling Water and Staveley Gas.

117. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Dorking Water Maidenhead Water Tavistock Gas Wey Valley Water and Ystalyfera Gas.

118. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to the Burgh of Inverness.

119. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 relating to the Burgh of Port Glasgow.

120. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Aberystwyth Gas Haslemere Gas Hayling Island Gas Sandiacre Gas and Stanford le-Hope Gas.

121. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Melfort and Portencross.

122. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Aberystwyth.

123. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Belfast the Belfast Holywood and Castlereagh United District Cork (Rural) Downpatrick (Rural) Newtownards and North Dublin (Rural).

124. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh Corporation.

125. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Stonehaven Harbour.

126. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Esk Valley Power-Gas.

127. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation.

128. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation Tramways.

129. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the M’Callum Celtic Lectureship in the University of Glasgow.

130. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Paisley District Tramways.

131. An act for incorporating and conferring Powers upon the Hitchin Gas Company Limited and for other purposes.

132. An act to confer further powers on the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company in relation to their General Undertaking and their separate Undertaking of the New Ross and Waterford Extension Railways and for other purposes.

133. An act to transfer the Hundred Bridges in the Doddingtree Hundred in the County of Worcester to the Worcestershire County Council and for other purposes.

134. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Tees Valley Water Board and to confer further borrowing and other powers on the Tees Valley Water Board.

135. An act to enable the Urban District Council for the Urban District of Whitby in the North Riding of the County of York to acquire the Undertaking of the Whitby Harbour Trustees and the Market Rights within the District as well as certain Lands to make further provisions for the Improvement and good Government of the District and for other purposes.

136. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon a Joint Committee of the Metropolitan and Great Central Kail way Companies for leasing certain railways of the Metropolitan Company for confirming an Agreement between the two Companies in relation thereto and for other purposes.

137. An act to re-arrange the Capital and amend the Borrowing Powers of the Western Valleys (Monmouthshire) Water and Gas Company and for other purposes.

138. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Andover Lighting and Power Company and for other purposes.

139. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of an undertaking in which they are jointly interested and upon the Great Western and Metropolitan Railway Companies in respect of an undertaking in which they are jointly interested for amalgamating the Wye Valley Railway Company and the Lambourn Valley Railway Company with the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes.

140. An act to empower the Southend and Colchester Light Railways Company to construct Piers to establish and work Ferries across the River Crouch and the River Blackwater, to acquire Creeksea Ferry to raise additional Capital and for other purposes.

141. An act to authorise the Whitechapel and Bow Railway Company to raise additional Capital and the London Tilbury and Southend and Metropolitan District Railway Companies to subscribe thereto and to raise additional Capital for that purpose and for other purposes.

142. An act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company (Ireland) and for other purposes.

143. An act to regulate the Expenditure of Money by the London County Council on Capital Account during the current Financial Period and the Raising of Money to meet such Expenditure and for other purposes.

144. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Hessle Gas Light and Coke Company.

145. An act to authorise the Great Central Railway Company to establish a Pension Fund and guarantee Pensions for the benefit of their salaried Officers and Clerks to alter modify and repeal certain provisions of the Acts relating to the Railway Clearing System Superannuation Fund Corporation and for other purposes.

146. An act to authorise Agreements between the Metropolitan Electric Supply Company Limited and the Acton Urban District Council with respect to the supply of Electrical Energy by the Company to the District Council and to confer further powers on the Company.

147. An act to incorporate a Board of Trustees and to authorise them to acquire the Workington Harbour and Lonsdale Dock Undertaking in the County of Cumberland and to construct an Extension Pier at Workington and for other purposes.

148. An act to extend the time for taking Lands for the construction of certain Tramways Widenings and Works authorised by the South Lancashire Tramways Acts 1900 and 1901 to abandon certain Tramways authorised by the Act of 1900 and for other purposes.

149. An act to authorise new gasworks and remove the existing works to acquire lands for public improvements to provide a Pump Room and Baths and generally to confer further powers on the Urban District Council of Matlock Bath and Scarthin Nick in regard to the local government of their district.

150. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Llandrindod Wells to make further provision with regard to the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes.

151. An act to make the Township of Formby in the County of Lancaster a separate urban district to confirm an agreement relating to the transfer of property and liabilities to confer powers upon the Urban District Council in relation to the seashore and for other purposes.

152. An act to dissolve the University College of Sheffield and to transfer all the property and liabilities of the University College of Sheffield to the University of Sheffield and for other purposes.

153. An act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes.

154. An act to extend the Borough of Bootle and for other purposes.

104. An act to amend the Acts relating to the supply of gas in London and to make further provisions with reference thereto.

156. An act to confer farther powers on the Caledonian Railway Company in relation to their Undertaking to authorise them or the Lanarkshire and Dumbartonshire Railway Company to construct a Railway to connect the Lanarkshire and Dumbartonshire Railway with the Clydebank Dock Branch of the North British Railway Company and to acquire a joint interest in such Dock Branch to authorise the Callander and Oban Railway Company to raise additional capital and to transfer to them the Leitir, Mhor Pier and for other purposes.

157. An act to authorise the North British Railway Company to construct certain new Railways to raise additional Capital and for other purposes.

158. An act to extend the time for the purchase of Land for the construction of Waterworks Tramways Street Widenings and other Works by the Rhondda Urban District Council to authorise the Council to construct new Gasworks and to confer upon the Council further powers with regard to the Health Improvement and Local Government of the District and for other purposes.

159. An act for incorporating the Rotherham Maltby and Laughton Railway Company and authorising them to construct Railways in the West Riding of the County of York and for other purposes.

160. An act to confer further powers upon the Shropshire Worcestershire and Staffordshire Electric Power Company and for other purposes.

161. An act to authorise the Mayor, Aldermen and Councillors of the Metropolitan Borough of Woolwich to widen Wickham Lane Bexley and to acquire Lands for various purposes and to confer upon the said Mayor Aldermen and Councillors further powers with respect to their Electrical Undertaking and to make further provisions in regard to the Health and Government of the Borough and for other purposes.

162. An act to incorporate and confer powers upon the Skegness Water Company and for other purposes.

163. An act to confer further powers on the Great Northern Piccadilly and Brompton Railway Company.

164. An act to confer powers on the Metropolitan Electric Tramways Limited for widening and altering roads and acquiring lands in the county of Middlesex and for other purposes.

165. An act to transfer the undertakings of the Dublin United Tramways Company and the Dublin Southern District Tramways Company to the Dublin United Tramways Company (1896) Limited and to amend the Acts relating to those Companies and for other purposes.

166. An act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company in conjunction with the Great Western Railway Company and the Furness Railway Company in relation to their respective joint undertakings and upon the North and South Western Junction Railway Company in respect of their undertaking and upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to the undertaking of the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company and for other purposes.

167. An act to confer further powers on the Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway Company and for other purposes.

168. An act to confer further powers on the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Company.

169. An act to authorise a deviation of part of the Edgware and Hampstead Railway and to confer further powers on the Edgware and Hampstead Railway Company and for other, purposes.

170. An act to authorise the Portsmouth Street Tramways Company to construct additional tramways in the urban district of Gosport and Alverstoke and street works in that district and in the urban district of Fareham in the County of Southampton and for other purposes.

171. An act to authorise the institution known as the Bristol Asylum or School of Industry for the Blind to acquire and to hold lands for the purposes of that institution and to make further provision with respect to the constitution of the committee of management and the management of the institution the investment of the moneys of the institution and for other purposes.

172. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to purchase by Agreement the Undertaking of the Scotswood Bridge Company to provide for the composition by the several Local Authorities interested of the tolls now leviable by the said Bridge Company and of the Toll known as the Thorough or Great Toll now leviable by the Newcastle Corporation and the extinction of those tolls respectively to provide for an increase in the Public Library Rate and for other purposes.

173. An act to empower the Corporation of Blackpool to widen Lytham Road to construct additional tramways to extend their powers in regard to the supply of sea water to make farther provision in regard to their loans and for other purposes.

174. An act to authorise the County bf London Electric Supply Company Limited to purchase lands and construct generating stations and for other purposes.

175. An act to empower the Corporation of Nottingham to construct additional ram ways to make certain street improvements and waterworks and for other purposes.

176. An act for extending the Limits of Supply of and for conferring further powers upon the North Metropolitan Electric Power Supply Company and for other purposes.

177. An act for conferring on the Corporation of the City of Liverpool further Powers for the protection of the Public Health for the better prevention of Smoke Nuisance for the Regulation of Public Meetings and for licensing Cattle Drovers for making provisions as to the acquisition of Lands by the Corporation and as to the repayment of Moneys borrowed by the Corporation for certain objects and for other purposes.

178. An act to authorise the construction of New Railways and Works and the acquisition of Lands by the Great Central Railway Company in connection with their undertaking the acquisition of Additional Lands and the execution of Works by the Cheshire Lines Committee and the Manchester South Junction and Altrincham Railway Company respectively in connection with their respective undertakings the acquisition by the Great Central Railway Company of the undertakings of the Wigan Junction Railways Company and the Liverpool St. Helens and South Lancashire Railway Company the incorporation of a Joint Committee of the Great Central and London and North Western Railway Companies and for other purposes.

179. An act to extend and amend the Humber Conservancy Acts 1852 to 1899 and to confer further Powers on the Humber Conservancy Commissioners and for other purposes.

180. An act to empower the Urban District Council of Littlehampton to purchase the ferry rights over the River Arun at Littlehampton and to construct a bridge over that river and for other purposes.

181. An act to empower the Shepton Mallet Gas Company to supply electricity within their limits of gas supply.

182. An act to authorise the Southport Birkdale and West Lancashire Water Board to make new Waterworks and for other purposes.

183. An act to confer upon the Corporation of the Borough of Ealing further powers with respect to their Electric Lighting Undertaking and with respect to the. regulation of streets and buildings sanitary matters recreation grounds and milk supply and to vest in the Corporation, the appointment of Collectors of Poor Rates and for other purposes.

184. An act to confirm and legalise the construction of certain Waterworks constructed by the Urban District Council of Malvern for the supply of water to their District to authorise the Council to construct additional Waterworks for the supply thereof and for other purposes.

185. An act to extend the powers of the Central Electric Supply Company Limited and for other purposes.

186. An act for conferring further powers on the Rhymney and Aber Valleys Gas and Water Company.

187. An act to provide for the licensing and control of hospitals for disease and to make other provisions for the health of the Sandgate Urban District and for other purposes.

188. An act to confirm a Scheme made under the London Government Act 1899 relating to the Counties of London and Middlesex.

189. An act to confirm a Scheme made under the London Government Act 1899 relating to the Hackney and Edmonton Unions.

190. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Craster.

191. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Wemyss Tramways.

192. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Brentford Croydon (Rural) Durham Districts Eastbourne (Willingdon Extension) Gravesend (Extension to Northfleet) Kingsbury Old Windsor and Wimborne and District.

193. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Bradford Corporation Tramways Gorton Urban District Council Tramways Keighley Corporation Tramways Leeds Corporation Tramways Liverpool Corporation Tramways Extensions and Pudsey Corporation Tramways.

194. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Colchester Corporation Tramways King’s Norton and North-field Urban District Council Tramway Luton Corporation Tramways Portobello and Musselburgh Tramways (Amendment) and Southampton Corporation Tramways.

195. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Fraserburgh Harbour.

196. An act to confer powers on the Urban District Council of Bangor in the County of Down for the construction of new Waterworks for the extension of their Gas Undertaking for the regulation and control of the Seashore and adjoining Lands and for the Improvement and Local Government of their District and for other purposes.

197. An act to confer further powers on the Corporation of Preston with reference to the Ribble Navigation and for other purposes.

198. An act to confer farther money and other powers on the Conservators of the River Thames for the deepening widening and improvement of its bed and channel between the Nore and Gravesend and for other purposes.

199. An act to confer further Powers upon the Oldham and Saddleworth District Tramways Company for the Construction of a Tramroad and for other purposes.

200. An act to confer further powers on the Metropolitan Electric Supply Company Limited with respect to Electrical Energy and for other purposes.

201. An act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of new Railways Dock Works and other Works and the acquisition of Lands and for other purposes.

202. An act to authorise the North Eastern Railway Company to own and use Vessels for the conveyance of traffic between the Port of Hull and certain Continental Ports and to subscribe to the funds of Steamship Companies and for other purposes.

203. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Acton to construct and maintain Sewerage and Sewage Outfall Works and to make further provision for the admission of sewage into the Metropolitan Main Drainage System from the Urban District of Acton and for other purposes.

204. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Bolton to construct Additional Waterworks to make Street Improvements to confer upon them further powers with, respect to the Supply of Electricity Streets Buildings Sewers and Drains and with respect to the Local Government and Health of the Borough to raise Additional Money to make further provisions as to Rates and Rating in the Borough and for other purposes.

205. An act to confer further powers on the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Halifax with respect to the disposal of trade refuse and for the construction of additional Tramways and in regard to Streets and Buildings and for the Health Local Government and Improvement of the Borough and for other purposes.

206. An act to empower the London County Council to execute Works and to acquire Lands and utilise other Lands to authorise the extension of Hampstead Heath and the exchange of Lands in connection with Parks Commons and Open Spaces to extend the time for the completion of certain authorised Works to provide for the registration of Employment Agencies to confer further powers upon the Council of the Metropolitan Borough of Battersea with respect to Latchmere Allotments to provide for Contributions by the Councils of Metropolitan Boroughs to expenditure by the London County Council and for other purposes.

207. An act to rename the Ulster and Connaught Light Railways Company the Newry Keady and Tynan Light Railway Company to authorise the Company to acquire additional lands to extend the time limited by the Newry Ready and Tynan Light Railway Act 1900 and the Ulster and Connaught Light Railways Act 1903 for the compulsory purchase of lands for the purposes thereof and for the completion of the railways thereby authorised to sanction the purchase of the Bessbrook and Newry Railway and for other purposes.

208. An act for incorporating the North East London Railway Company and for empowering them to construct Railways from the City of London to Walthamstow Epping Forest and Waltham Abbey and for other purposes.

209. An act to amend the Acts relating to Buildings in London to confer various powers on the London County Council and for other purposes.

210. An act to confer upon the Urban District Council of Heckmondwike further powers with regard to the supply of water and electricity and the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes.

211. An act to empower the Corporation of Bristol to execute Works to make further provision for the Improvement Health Local Government and Finance of the City of Bristol, and for other purposes.

212. An act to consolidate and amend the provisions relating to the tramway undertaking of the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Wigan and to confer further powers upon them in relation to that undertaking to empower them to erect a town hall and public baths to make provision for the establishment of a cattle mart and for other purposes.

213. An act for increasing the capital of the South Barracas (Buenos Ayres) Gas and Coke Company Limited by the creation of paid-up shares and providing for the issue thereof to the shareholders and for other purposes.

