Local Acts passed in 1909, 9 Edward 7 c.1 - c.164.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 47.
---

1. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Zetland Masonic Sick and Widows and Orphans Fund.

2. An act to revive the powers limited by the Hastings Harbour Act 1890 and the Hastings Harbour Act 1897 for the compulsory purchase of lands as extended by the Hastings Harbour Acts 1900 1903 and 1905 and also to extend the period limited by those Acts for the construction and completion of the harbour and works.

3. An act to enable the London Chatham and Dover Railway Company to raise further capital.

4. An act to make provision with reference to the rearrangement of the capital of the Anglo-Argentine Tramways Company Limited.

5. An act to revive and extend the powers for the purchase of land and the period limited for the construction and completion of the railway authorised by the Wirral Railway Act 1898 to extend the time for the sale of surplus lands and for other purposes.

6. An act to authorise the Heckmondwike Gas Company to extend their gasworks to construct certain footpaths to raise additional capital to convert their shares into stock to change the name of the Company and for other purposes.

7. An act for conferring further powers on the Leyland and Farington Gas Company and for changing the name of the Company.

8. An act for the dissolution and reincorporation of the Littlehampton Gas Company Limited and for other purposes.

9. An act to provide for the granting of superannuation allowances to the officers and servants of the mayor aldermen and councillors of the metropolitan borough of Wandsworth and for other purposes.

10. An act to incorporate the United Kingdom Temperance and General Provident Institution and to provide for the management of its affairs and for other purposes.

11. An act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Conway in the county of Carnarvon to supply gas outside the limits of their district and to borrow further moneys and for other purposes in connexion with their gas undertaking.

12. An act to confer further powers upon the North Metropolitan Electric Power Supply Company and for other purposes.

13. An act to provide for the working of the undertaking of the Liskeard and Looe Railway Company by the Great Western Railway Company and for the vesting of the undertaking of the Liskeard and Caradon Railway Company in the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes.

14. An act for conferring further powers on the Wells Gaslight Company.

15. An act to confer further powers upon the South Lincolnshire Water Company and for other purposes.

16. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Kirkwall Water.

17. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the parishes of Westbury Minsterly and Pontesbury in the county of Salop.

18. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the parishes of Haxey and Owston in the county of Lincoln.

19. An act to authorise the guarantee by the county council of the administrative county of Down of dividends on portion of the share capital of the Ards Railways Company and for other purposes.

20. An act to confer further powers on the holders of preferred and deferred (North Eastern Railway consols) stock of the Stock Conversion and Investment Trust Limited to empower the North Eastern Railway Company to become trustees under the trust deed regulating the issue of such stocks and for other purposes.

21. An act to enable the Rio Tinto Company Limited to issue transferable certificates and warrants for the delivery of goods and for other purposes.

22. An act to include "B" Annuities payable under the East Indian Railway Company Purchase Act 1879 among the securities which may be purchased for the sinking fund created under that Act and to make corresponding provisions regarding securities which may be purchased for the sinking funds created under the Eastern Bengal Railway Company Purchase Act 1884 the Scinde Punjaub and Delhi Railway Purchase Act 1886 the Great Indian Peninsula Railway Purchase Act 1900 and the Madras Railway Annuities Act 1908 respectively.

23. An act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes.

24. An act to confer further powers on the Grantham Waterworks Company and for other purposes.

25. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Clevedon Water Company and for other purposes.

26. An act to sanction and confirm the construction by the Worksop Waterworks Company of existing works to authorise that Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

27. An act for extending the limits of supply of the Eastbourne Gas Company to enable that Company to acquire the undertaking of the Hailsham Gas Company to consolidate their capital and for other purposes.

28. An act to make further provision in regard to the tramways and light railways in the borough of Dudley.

29. An act to incorporate the Donington Water Company and to enable that Company to supply water in certain parishes in the county of Lincoln.

30. An act to enable the Pontypool Gas and Water Company to construct further waterworks to raise further capital and for other purposes.

31. An act to authorise the London and South Western Railway Company to construct new and maintain existing works to acquire additional lands and to raise further money and to provide for the transfer of a portion of the undertaking of the Plymouth and Dartmoor Railway Company and the undertaking of the Stonehouse Pool Improvement Company and the working by the Company of the Lee-on-the-Solent (Light) Railway and for other purposes.

32. An act to authorise the sale and transfer of the undertaking of the Ilen Valley Railway Company to the Cork Bandon and South Coast Railway Company and for other purposes.

33. An act to empower the York Town and Black water Gas Company to supply electricity and to confer further powers on them and for other purposes.

34. An act to extend the period limited by the Preston Chorley and Horwich Tramways Acts 1903 1904 and 1906 for construction of works and land purchases and for other purposes.

35. An act to incorporate the Bungay Water Company and to enable that Company to supply water in certain parishes in the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

36. An act to confer further powers upon the County of Durham Electric Power Supply Company and for other purposes.

37. An act for conferring further powers upon the Malvern Hills Conservators and for other purposes.

38. An act to empower the County Council of the administrative county of East Sussex to construct sea defences for protecting the road between Brighton and Rottingdean and for other purposes.

39. An act for empowering the Corporation of the City of Liverpool to execute street improvements to construct tramways and for other purposes.

40. An act for the abandonment of the tramroad and works of the Southport and Lytham Tramroad Company the sale of the lands and property of the Company and for other purposes.

41. An act to authorise the Wallasey Urban District Council to construct tramways and street improvements and for other purposes.

42. An act to dissolve University College Bristol and to transfer all the property and liabilities of that college to the University of Bristol and for other purposes.

43. An act to confer further powers upon the Corporation of Wakefield in regard to their water and electricity undertakings and for other purposes.

44. An act to authorise the Great Western Railway Company to own and use vessels for the conveyance of traffic between the ports of Weymouth and Plymouth and the ports in the Channel Islands and certain French ports and for other purposes.

45. An act to confer further powers upon the Harrogate Gas Company.

46. An act for incorporating the Eskdale Railway Company for vesting in that Company the undertaking of the Ravenglass and Eskdale Railway Company and for other purposes.

47. An act for extending the limits of supply and of conferring further powers upon the Frimley and Farnborough District Water Company and for other purposes.

48. An act for enabling the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and the North Eastern Railway Company to construct a light railway in the West Riding of the county of York and for other purposes.

49. An act to authorise the South Staffordshire Waterworks Company to construct new works to sanction and confirm the construction of existing works to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

50. An act for conferring further powers upon the North East London Railway Company.

51. An act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company and for other purposes.

52. An act to extend the time for the construction of the authorised tramways of the Folkestone Sand gate and Hythe Tramways Company and for the acquisition of lands in connection therewith and for other purposes.

53. An act for altering the area comprised in the Burgh Castle Separate Drainage District and for modifying the powers of the Drainage Board for that district and for other purposes.

54. An act to increase the number of wards of the borough of Southend-on-Sea and the number of members of the council and to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of that borough with respect to the disposal of sewage and for other purposes.

55. An act to extend the limits of supply for gas of the Aldershot Gas and Water Company to empower the Company to construct additional waterworks and to supply electricity to change the name of the Company and for other purposes.

56. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Ammanford Gas Company.

57. An act to confer further powers upon the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Manchester with reference to the construction of street works tramways and sewerage works and otherwise for the better local government and improvement of the city to extend the city and for other purposes.

58. An act to empower the urban district coimcil of Lisburn to supply gas and to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Lisburn Gas Company Limited to the council and to make further and better provision with regard to the supply of water and for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes.

59. An act to provide for the granting of superannuation allowances to the officers and pensions to the servants of the metropolitan borough and city of Westminster and for other purposes.

60. An act to empower the Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway Company to raise additional capital to make provisions in relation to the consolidation and cancellation of existing capital to extend the time for the completion of certain works and for other purposes.

61. An act to confer further powers upon the Alliance and Dublin Consumers Gas Company.

62. An act for extending the limits of supply of and conferring further powers upon the West Gloucestershire Water Company and for other purposes.

63. An act to confer further powers upon the Derwent Valley Water Board to confer powers upon the Leicester Corporation and the Sheffield Corporation and for other purposes.

64. An act to confer further powers upon the City of of Oxford Electric Tramways Limited and to amend the Oxford and District Tramways Act 1907 and for other purposes.

65. An act to authorise the Pontypridd Waterworks Company to construct railways and other works in the counties of Brecon and Glamorgan to amend the Pontypridd Waterworks and Tramroad Act 1908 to abandon the construction of certain works authorised by the Act of 1908 and for other purposes.

66. An act to constitute and incorporate a Gas Board for the urban districts of Swinton and Mexborough in the west riding of the county of York and to transfer to and vest in such Board the undertaking of the Swinton and Mexborough Gas Light Company and for other purposes.

67. An act for the better regulation of the traffic in the streets of the city of London.

68. An act to empower the London County Council to make a subway under the River Thames in the metropolitan borough of Woolwich and for other purposes.

69. An act to empower the South Western and Isle of Wight Junction Railway Company to construct a railway and pier extension to raise additional capital to revive and extend the powers for the purchase of lands and the time limited for the completion of works by that Company and for other purposes.

70. An act to authorise the Gateshead and District Tramways Company to construct additional tramways and for other purposes.

71. An act to empower the Central London Railway Company to construct a new railway and subways and for other purposes.

72. An act to authorise the Hull and Barnsley Railway Company to construct new railways and for other purposes.

73. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Blackwood Gas Company and for other purposes.

74. An act to extend the time for the completion of tramways authorised by the Holywood Tramways Act 1904.

75. An act to empower the London County Council to construct and work new tramways and to alter and reconstruct existing tramways and make a new street and street improvements and other works to purchase the Highgate Hill tramways and for other purposes.

76. An act to authorise the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company to construct a new railway and acquire additional lands and for other purposes.

77. An act to enable the Barry Railway Company to construct railways to confer powers upon that Company and the Vale of Glamorgan Railway Company and for other purposes.

78. An act for transferring to the West Kent Electric Company Limited certain of the powers of the Kent Electric Power Company and for other purposes.

79. An act for the more effectual drainage and improv-ment of certain lands in the parishes of Methwold and Feltwell in the county of Norfolk and for other purposes.

80. An act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands and for the completion of works for the South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railways to make provision respecting the carriage road bridge over the River Swale the management of the separate properties of the Two Companies by the managing committee and joint general meetings of the Two Companies and for other purposes.

81. An act to regulate the expenditure of money by the London County Council on capital account during the current financial period and the raising of money to meet such expenditure ancLfor other purposes.

82. An act to empower the urban district council of Llanelly in the county of Carmarthen to construct and maintain additional waterworks to define and extend the limits for the supply of water and for other purposes.

83. An act to empower the Council of the urban district of Northallerton to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes.

84. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the Midland Railway Company in respect of an undertaking in which they are jointly interested and upon the Bala and Festining Railway Company and the Weymouth and Portland Railway Company and for other purposes.

85. An act to authorise the construction of new railways and works and the acquisition of additional lands by the Great Central Railway Company the construction of a street improvement in the city of Lincoln the acquisition of additional lands by the Manchester South Junction and Altrincham Railway Company the Seaforth and Sefton Junction Railway Company and the North Lindsey Light Railways Company the leasing of the Seaforth and Sefton Junction Railway to the Great Central Railway Company the raising of additional capital by the Great Central Railway Company and the Humber Commercial Railway and Dock Company and for other purposes.

86. An act to authorise the guarantee by the county councils of the counties of Sligo and Mayo and the urban district council of Ballina of dividends on portion of the capital of the Collooney Ballina and Belmullet Railways and Piers Company and for other purposes.

87. An act to authorise the acquisition by the Gas Light and Coke Company of the undertaking of the West Ham Gas Company to confer further powers on the Gas Light and Coke Company and for other purposes.

88. An act to confer further powers upon the Watford Urban District Council in relation to their water and electricity undertakings and to make further provision for the local government of the district.

89. An act to authorise the Corporation of Oldham to construct additional waterworks tramways and street improvements to confer further powers with respect to the supply of gas and electricity to make further provision for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes.

90. An act to confer further powers on the urban district council of Mountain Ash in relation to their gas water and electricity undertakings and to make further and better provision with regard to the improvement health and local government of the district and for other purposes.

91. An act to constitute and incorporate a water board consisting of representatives from the councils of the urban districts of Stourbridge and Lye and Wollescote in the county of Worcester and of the urban district of Amblecote and of the rural district of Kingswinford in the county of Stafford and to transfer to and vest in Such board the undertaking of the Stourbridge Waterworks Company Limited and to authorise the board to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes.

92. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888 relating to the classification of merchandise traffic and the schedule of maximum rates and charges applicable thereto of the Weston Clevedon and Portishead Light Railways Company.

93. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1907 to enable the London County Council to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts.

94. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1907 to enable the London County Council to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts.

95. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1907 to enable the Councils of the Administrative Counties of Buckingham Cornwall Gloucester Montgomery and Surrey to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts.

96. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the parish of Owston in the county of Lincoln.

97. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Musselburgh Gas.

98. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Musselburgh Corporation.

99. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Caledonian Railway.

100. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Glasgow Hospital for Skin Diseases.

101. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Merchants House of Glasgow (Buchanan and Ewing Bequests).

102. An act to confirm a Scheme approved and certified by the Board of Education under the Charitable Trusts Act 1853 relating to Cheshunt College.

103. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the rural districts of Castlereagh Midleton and Naas No. 1 and the Foranwell Drainage District in the county of Kildare.

104. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the city of Dublin the Londonderry Port Sanitary Authority and the urban district of Queenstown.

105. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Gorteen Drainage District in the county of Kildare.

106. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Great North of Scotland Railway.

107. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Bideford Gas Bude Gas Comber Gas Compstall Gas and Hayfield Gas.

108. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Brough Elloughton and District Gas Langley Mill and Heanor Gas Long Eaton Gas Settle Gas and Sutton and Hooton District Gas.

109. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1902 relating to Dunfermline and District.

110. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to St. Andrews Water.

111. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Edinburgh Merchant Company Endowments.

112. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Ardrossan Harbour.

113. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Fermoy Gas.

114. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Tralee and Fenit.

115. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Bognor Heme Bay and Truro.

116. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Southampton.

117. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bridlington Dorking Newport Pagnell (Rural) and Totnes.

118. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Derby Oswaldtwistle Wallasey and Walsall.

119. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Cardiff Fulwood and Newport (Monmouth).

120. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bexhill Liversedge Warrington Widnes and Worcester.

121. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Kendal Milton Regis Surbiton the Isle of Wight Joint Hospital District the Scunthorpe and Crosby Joint Sewerage District and the District of the Accrington District Gas and Water Board.

122. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Birmingham and Wakefield.

123. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Birkenhead Coventry and the Oakwell Joint Hospital District.

124. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Ilkeston and Ynyscynhaiarn.

125. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Provisional Order (Marriages) Act 1905.

126. An act to confirm a Scheme under the Metropolitan Commons Acts 1866 to 1898 with respect to Keston Common and Leaves Green in the county of Kent.

127. An act to confirm an Order under the Sea Fisheries Acts 1843 to 1893 for the improvement maintenance and regulation of an oyster mussel and cockle fishery in the estuary of the River Tees.

128. An act to discharge certain surcharges made upon the accounts of the Municipal Corporation of Dublin.

129. An act to extend the municipal and police boundaries of the burgh of Greenock to consolidate the Local Acts and Orders relating to that burgh to confer further powers on the provost magistrates and councillors thereof and for other purposes.

130. An act to empower the London County Council to construct railway sidings in the county of Surrey and to confer other powers upon that Council to make provisions with respect to sanitary matters to amend the London Building Acts to confer powers upon the councils of the metropolitan borough of Southwark and the royal borough of Kensington and for other purposes.

131. An act to make further and better provision with regard to the tramway gas and electricity undertakings of the corporation of Heywood and the improvement health and local government of the borough and for other purposes.

132. An act to confer upon the Prestatyn Urban District Council powers in relation to the supply of gas and water and to make further provision for the local government health and improvement of the district.

133. An act to transfer to and vest in the Council of the urban district of Risca the undertaking of the Western Valleys (Monmouthshire) Water and Gas Company to sanction and confirm the construction of existing waterworks and to authorise the Council to supply water and gas and for other purposes.

134. An act to authorise the Torquay Tramways Company Limited to construct tramways in extension of the existing tramways in the borough of Torquay and for other purposes.

135. An act to authorise the Corporation of Shrewsbury to construct a weir on the River Severn and for other purposes.

136. An act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of new railways and other works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes.

137. An act to make provision with reference to the preparation auditing and publication of the annual accounts of the Corporation of the city of Glasgow to authorise the Corporation to construct new tramways to increase the assessment for sewage purposes to borrow further moneys for the purposes of the Glasgow Tramways Acts 1905 to 1907 the Glasgow Corporation Parks Acts 1878 to 1905 and the Glasgow Sewage Acts 1891 to 1907 and to extend the boundaries of the city and for other purposes.

138. An act to authorise the provost magistrates and councillors of the Burgh of Dunoon to make charges for admission to the castle gardens and concerts therein to make provision for preserving the amenity of the seashore and for other purposes.

139. An act for conferring further powers on the Taff Vale Railway Company.

140. An act to empower the Newry Keady and Tynan Light Railway Company to construct new railways and to abandon portion of their authorised railways to revive and extend the time limited by the Newry Keady and Tynan Light Railway Act 1900 the Ulster and Connaught Light Railways Act 1903 and the Newry Keady and Tynan Light Railway Act 1905 for the compulsory purchase of lands for the purposes thereof and for the completion of the railways thereby authorised to change the name of the Company and for other purposes.

141. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Chesham (Extension) Cleethorpes (Amendment) Heme Bay Hindhead and District (Extension) Holsworthy Southampton (Extension) Staines Stourbridge Turton and Walton-on-the-Naze.

142. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Coatbridge Gas Llynvi Valley Gas Bradfield Water Gravesend and Milton Water and Hungerford Water.

143. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Bolton Corporation Tramways Keighley Corporation Tramways Morecambe Corporation Tramways Portsmouth Corporation Tramways and Whitworth Urban District Council Tramways.

144. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Buckie Burgh and Buckie (Cluny) Harbour.

145. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Aberdeen Harbour.

146. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Clydebank and District Water.

147. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Irvine Harbour.

148. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the management of the Charity of Sir Richard Whittington under the management of the Mercers’ Company of the City of London.

149. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the management of (1) The Charity consisting of the proceeds of sale of Hope English Baptist Chapel in Queen Street in the township of Bridgend in the parish of Coity in the county of Glamorgan and (2) The Charity consisting of the Hope English Baptist Sunday Schoolroom in Queen Street aforesaid.

150. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the management of the Charity of John Marshall.

151. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the management of the Charities consisting of the Congregational Chapel in Wade Street in the city of Lichfield and the Congregational Chapel at Longdon in the county of Stafford and the trust property held in connexion with such chapels.

152. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the management of the Charities consisting of the Trinity Congregational Chapel and the Ebenezer Congregational Chapel Burial Ground Caretaker’s House and Mission Room in the parishes of Dewsbury and Batley in the west riding of the county of York.

153. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the management of the Charity consisting of the Bethel Congregational Chapel and trust property at Wortiey in the city of Leeds.

154. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Hamilton Burgh.

155. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Provisional Order (Marriages) Act 1905.

156. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Maryport the Hitchin Joint Hospital District and the Whaley Bridge Joint Sewerage District.

157. An act to confirm an Order under the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1907 relating to the River Lune and other waters.

158. An act for making a railway in the counties of Kilkenny Queen’s County and Kildare to be called the Kilkenny Castlecomer and Athy Railway and for other purposes.

159. An act to consolidate with amendments certain of the Local Acts in force within the county borough of Bury to make further provision in regard to the various undertakings of the corporation and to make better provision for the health and local government of the borough and for other purposes.

160. An act to authorise a deviation of part of the Edgware and Hampstead Railway and to confer further powers on the Edgware and Hampstead Railway Company and for other purposes.

161. An act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Cardiff to construct and maintain additional waterworks and to make further provision for the improvement health and good government of the city and for other purposes.

162. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Batley and Dewsbury.

163. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Colinton Tramways.

164. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Robert Gordon’s Technical College and Aberdeen Endowments Trust.

