Local Acts passed in 1912, 2 & 3 George 5 c.1 - c.173.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 50.
---

The Titles of the Local and Private Acts (including the Public Acts of a Local Character) passed during the Session (arranged according to chapter).

2 & 3 GEORGE 5. A.D. 1912-13.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titles to which the Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts of a Local Character.

1. An act to empower the Central Argentine Railway Limited to redeem its seven per centum preference shares and to convert its consolidated seven per centum preference stock and for other purposes. (Argentine Railway Limited.)

2. An act to extend the time for the completion of the railways authorised by the Collooney Ballina and Belmullet Railways and Piers Act 1907 and for other purposes. (Collooney Ballina and Belmullet Railways and Piers.)

3. An act to extend the time for the completion of the authorised pier and works of the Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier Company and for other purposes. (Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier.)

4. An act to extend the period limited for the construction and completion of Railway No. 1 authorised by the Wirral Railway Act 1898 and to extend the time for the sale of surplus lands. (Wirral Railway (Extension of Time).)

5. An act for the conversion of the preference stock of the Credit Foncier of Mauritius Limited the cancellation of paid up capital to repeal the Credit Foncier of Mauritius Limited Act 1895 and for other purposes. (Credit Foncier of Mauritius)

6. An act to enable the Leatherhead Gas and Lighting Company to acquire the undertaking of the Cobham Gas Company and to confirm the agreement entered into with the latter company to authorise the raising of additional capital by and the conferring of further powers upon the Leatherhead Gas and Lighting Company and for other purposes. (Leatherhead Gas.)

7. An act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands for and for the completion of the Newry Keady and Tynan Railway and for other purposes. (Newry Keady and Tynan Railway.)

8. An act to confer upon the Sidmouth Urban District Council powers in relation to the supply of gas and electricity and to enable the Council to acquire the undertaking of the Sidmouth Gas and Electricity Company. (Sidmouth Urban District Council.)

9. An act to confer further powers upon the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Belfast with reference to their gas undertaking and for other purposes. (Belfast Corporation.)

10. An act to repeal and re-enact with amendments an act relating to the embankment and drainage of certain low lands in the townships of Everton Scaftworth Gringley-on-the-Hill Misterton and Walkeringham in the county of Nottingham and to make further and better provision in respect thereof. (Everton, &c. Drainage.)

11. An act to provide for the construction of a new bridge over the River Ribble from Preston to Penwortham in the county palatine of Lancaster and for other purposes. (Penwortham Bridge.)

12. An act to authorise the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to borrow moneys in connection with the improvement of the port of Liverpool and the navigation of the River Mersey and for other purposes. (Mersey Docks and Harbour Board.)

13. An act for regulating meetings and processions in streets within the city of Liverpool and for other purposes. (Liverpool Corporation.)

14. An act to sanction and confirm the construction of certain existing works and to construct further works of water supply to raise additional capital for gas and water and for other purposes. (Dunstable Gas and Water.)

15. An act to authorise the urban district council of Church Stretton to purchase the undertaking of the Church Stretton Waterworks Company and to supply water and for other purposes in connexion therewith. (Church Stretton Urban District Water.)

16. An act to authorise the urban district council of Egremont to construct and maintain waterworks and supply water and for other purposes. (Egremont Urban District Water.)

17. An act to enable the urban district council of Ramsbottom to construct overhead equipment and run trolley cars by railless traction and to confer other powers upon the Council. (Ramsbottom Urban District Railless Traction.)

18. An act to provide for the incorporation under the Companies (Consolidation) Act 1908 of a Company to take over the investments securities property and assets of the Birkbeck Share and Debenture Trust and for other purposes. (Birkbeck Share and Debenture Trust.)

19. An act to confer further powers upon the Manchester Ship Canal Company with respect to the holding and disposal of lands and for other purposes. (Manchester Ship Canal.)

20. An act to confer further powers upon Price’s Patent Candle Company Limited to enable the Company to change the name of the Company and for other purposes. (Price’s Patent Candle Company Limited.)

21. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Aberdeen Market Company. (Aberdeen Market Company Order Confirmation.)

22. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Glasgow and South Western Railway. (Glasgow and South Western Railway Order Confirmation.)

23. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Prestonpans Combination Water Supply (Finance). (Prestonpans Combination Water Supply (Finance) Order Confirmation.)

24. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Kilmarnock Gas. (Kilmarnock Gas Order Confirmation.)

25. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Clyde Lighthouses. (Clyde Lighthouses Order Confirmation.)

26. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Harbour and Tay Ferries. (Dundee Harbour and Tay Ferries Order Confirmation.)

27. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Falkirk and District Tramways. (Falkirk and District Tramways Order Confirmation.)

28. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Allan Glen’s School. (Allan Glen’s School Order Confirmation.)

29. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

30. An act to empower the Brighton and Hove General Gas Company to establish a benefit fund for their servants and their dependents and for other purposes. (Brighton and Hove Gas.)

31. An act to extend the time for the construction of the works authorised by the Ystradfellte Water Act 1902 and to confer further powers upon the Neath Rural District Council in regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes. (Ystradfellte Water.)

32. An act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Stockport to provide and work trolley vehicles and for other purposes. (Stockport Corporation.)

xxxiii; An act to confer further powers upon the Taff Vale Railway Company with reference to the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (Taff Vale Railway.)

34. An act to enable the Windermere District Gas and Water Company to raise additional capital to construct new waterworks and for other purposes. (Windermere District Gas and Water.)

35. An act for conferring further powers upon the Annfield Plain and District Gas Company. (Annfield Plain and District Gas.)

36. An act to enable the Dublin and South Eastern Railway Company to make certain diversion railways in the county of Wicklow to apply their capital and funds and to confer further powers on them in relation to their general undertaking and for other purposes. (Dublin and South Eastern Railway.)

37. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Eastern Railway Company for enabling the Great Northern and Great Eastern Joint Committee to acquire additional lands for extending the periods limited by former Acts for the completion of works for extending, the time for the sale of superfluous lands held by the Company and by other companies and by certain joint committees for the electrification of the East London Railway and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway.)

38. An act to extend the time limited by the Derwent Valley Water Act 1909 for the compulsory purchase of lands to make provisions as to compensation water gauges and for other purposes. (Derwent Valley Water.)

39. An act to extend the time limited by the Cardiff Railway Acts 1897 1898 1899 1903 1904 1906 1908 and 1910 for the purchase of certain lands and for other purposes. (Cardiff Railway.)

40. An act to empower the Southgate and District Gas Company to establish a benefit fund for their servants and their dependents and for other purposes. (Southgate and District Gas.)

41. An act to empower the North Middlesex Gas Company to establish a benefit fund for their servants and their dependents and for other purposes. (North Middlesex Gas.)

42. An act to authorise the construction of subways in the city of London to repeal the obligation to maintain Shadwell Fish Market to provide for the granting of superannuation and pension allowances to certain of the officers and servants of the Corporation of London and for other purposes. (City of London (Various Powers).)

43. An act to empower the Lea Bridge District Gas Company to establish a benefit fund for their servants and their dependents and for other purposes. (Lea Bridge District Gas.)

44. An act to empower the Maidenhead Gas Company to establish a benefit fund for their servants and their dependents and for other purposes. (Maidenhead Gas.)

45. An act to extend the limits of the Tendring Hundred Waterworks Company for and to confer further powers on the Company with reference to the supply of water and gas to authorise the Company to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Tendring Hundred Water and Gas.)

46. An act to dissolve and reincorporate the Brodsworth and District Gas Company Limited and for other purposes. (Brodsworth and District Gas.)

47. An act for amalgamating the Wandsworth and Putney Gaslight and Coke Company the Mitcham and Wimbledon District Gaslight Company and the Epsom and Ewell Gas Company and for other purposes. (Wandesworth Wimbledon and Epsom District Gas.)

48. An act for granting additional powers to the Australian Agricultural Company for altering the capital of the Company for enabling the Company to make further alterations in its capital for consolidating and amending the Acts relating to the Company and for other purposes. (Australian Agricultural Company's.)

49. An act to amend the City of London (Spitalfields Market) Act 1902 and for other purposes. (Stepney Borough Council (Spitalfields Market).)

1. An act to authorise the urban district council of Bedwellty to supply gas and water within their urban district and the neighbourhood thereof to authorise the purchase of certain gas and water undertakings and to make further provision in regard to the local government and improvement of the district. (Bedwellty Urban District Council.)

51. An act to confer further powers on the Belfast City and District Water Commissioners. (Belfast Water.)

52. An act to extend the time for completion of certain works to authorise the Port of London Authority to acquire compulsorily lands in the City of London and for other purposes. (Port of London.)

53. An act to authorise the Scunthorpe Urban District Council to construct new waterworks and to acquire additional lands to extend the limits for the supply of water by the Council to make further provision with respect to the water supply of the district and for other purposes. (Scunthorpe Urban District Water.)

54. An act to authorise the Tavistock Urban District Council to acquire the water and market undertakings and other properties from the Duke of Bedford and to make further provision in regard to the water supplies and markets and t fairs and the local government and improvement of the district and for other purposes. (Tavistock Urban District Council.)

55. An act for incorporating the North Ormesby South Bank Normanby and Grangetown Railless Traction Company and for other purposes. (North Ormesby South Bank Normanby and Grangetown Railless Traction.)

56. An act to confer further powers on the urban district council of Shipley in regard to their water gas and electricity undertakings and to make further and better provision for the improvement and local government of the district and for other purposes. (Shipley Urban District Council.)

57. An act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Brighton to provide and use trolley vehicles and for other purposes. (Brighton Corporation.)

58. An act to authorise the construction of a new railway and works and the acquisition of additional lands by the Great Central Railway Company to transfer the powers for the construction of certain railways from the Great Central Railway Company to the Hull and Barnsley and Great Central Railway Companies jointly and to authorise those companies to make a deviation railway to authorise the Great Northern and Great Central Railway Companies to make further works and acquire additional lands for their West Riding and Grimsby Railway to authorise the North Lindsey Light Railways Company to make further works to enable the Humber Commercial Railway and Dock Company to acquire the undertaking of the Barton and Immingham Light Railway Company and to raise further capital to confer further powers upon the Seaforth and Sefton Junction Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Central Railway.)

59. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Bawtry and District Gas Company. (Bawtry and District Gas.)

60. An act to enable the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Hove to provide and run vehicles by means of railless traction and for other purposes. (Hove Corporation.)

61. An act to confer powers upon the Houghton-le-Spring District Gas Company. (Houghton-le-Spring District Gas.)

62. An act to empower the Bognor Gas Light and Coke Company to supply electricity to and within their statutory gas limits and for other purposes. (Bognor Gas Light and Coke Company (Electricity).)

63. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Fleetwood Gas Company. (Fleetwood Gas.)

64. An act to define and sanction the existing water undertaking of the urban district council of Ivybridge in the county of Devon to authorise the construction of new works and for other purposes. (Ivybridge Urban District Water.)

65. An act to make further provision respecting the undertaking of the Metropolitan District Railway Company to empower the London and South Western Railway Company to widen their Wimbledon and Fulham Railway to confirm an agreement between those companies with reference to that railway and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Distinct Railway.)

66. An act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company in conjunction with the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and the Great Western Railway Company respectively in relation to their joint undertakings and upon the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway.)

67. An act to extend the limits of supply of the Christchurch Gas Company and to confer further powers upon the Company. (Christchurch Gas.)

68. An act to confer further powers upon the Herne Bay Gas and Coke Company Limited and for other purposes. (Herne Bay Gas.)

69. An act for conferring further powers upon the Wakefield Gaslight Company. (Wakefield Gas.)

70. An act to empower the Swanage Gas and Water Company to construct additional waterworks to confer further powers upon them with reference to their gas and water undertakings and for other purposes. (Swanage Gas and Water.)

71. An act to consolidate the York United Gas Light Company’s special Acts to extend their limits of supply to authorise the Company to construct additional works and to raise additional capital to change the name of the Company and for other purposes. (York Gas (Consolidation).)

72. An act to empower the Corporation of Dover to acquire lands and property within the pier ward of the borough to construct new streets and street works to borrow money and for other purposes. (Dover Corporation.)

73. An act to authorise the abandonment of certain existing and authorised tramways of the London United Tramways Limited in the borough of Richmond (Surrey) and to repeal and amend the provisions of the existing enactments relative thereto to authorise agreements between the London United Tramways Limited and the urban district council of Chiswick and for other purposes. (London United Tramways.)

74. An act to provide in the case of certain gas companies for the adoption of the Metropolitan Argand Burner No. 2 as a standard burner in substitution for the various burners now in use for the official testing of the illuminating power of gas supplied by them and for other purposes. (Gas Companies (Standard Burner).)

75. An act to enable the Staffordshire Potteries Waterworks Company to construct additional waterworks to sanction and confirm the construction of existing works to extend the limits of supply to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Staffordshire Potteries Waterworks.)

76. An act to authorise the Tees Conservancy Commissioners to make new roads for improving the access to lands reclaimed by them in the county of Durham to heighten the one-third tide riven-training walls in the River Tees to confer further powers on the Commissioners for the regulation of the river and for other purposes. (Tees Conservancy.)

77. An act to extend the periods now limited by the Preston Chorley and Horwich Tramways Acts 1903 1904 1906 and 1909 for the compulsory purchase of lands and easements and for other purposes. (Preston Chorley Horwich Tramways.)

78. An act to empower the London Electric Railway Company to construct new Railways and for other purposes. (London Electric Railway.)

79. An act to empower the Llanelly Rural District Council to obtain a supply of water from the River Sawdde in the county of Carmarthen to authorise the construction of works and for other purposes. (Llanelly Rural District Water.)

80. An act to convert the preferred stock of the London Trust Company Limited and to increase its paid-up capital to authorise the issue of further capital and. for other purposes. (London Trust Company.)

81. An act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (Midland Railway.)

82. An act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Birmingham to construct tramways and street improvements and to make further provision in regard to their tramway gas and electricity undertakings and for other purposes. (Birmingham Corporation.)

83. An act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Ashborne and District Gas Company to the Ashborne Urban District Council and to confer further powers on the said Council with respect to the supply of gas and for other purposes. (Ashborne Urban District Council (Gas).)

84. An act to enable the Barry Railway Company to construct a railway in the county of Glamorgan and for other purposes. (Barry Railway.)

85. An act to authorise the deviation of part of the Edgware and Hampstead Railway to confer further powers on the Edgware and Hampstead Railway Company and for other purposes. (Edgware and Hampstead Railway.)

86. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of an undertaking in which they are jointly interested and upon the Great Western Railway Company and the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway Company in respect of junction railways and other works affecting their respective railways and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway.)

87. An act to authorise the Great Northern Railway Company to construct new railways and works and to acquire lands and for other purposes. (Great Northern Railway.)

88. An act to constitute and incorporate a Joint Board consisting of representatives of the urban district councils of Gelligaer Caerphilly Bedwellty Rhymney and Mynyddislwyn and the rural district council of St. Mellons in the counties of Glamorgan and Monmouth and to authorise the Board to construct main trunk sewers and other works for the disposal of the sewage of such districts and for other purposes. (Rhymney Valley Sewerage Board.)

89. An act to incorporate and confer powers upon the Ericht Water and Electric Power Company to enable them to construct and maintain works and to acquire lands and for other purposes. (Ericht Water and Electric Power.)

90. An act to authorise the acquisition by the South Suburban Gas Company of the undertakings of the Bromley and Crays Gas Company and the West Kent Gas Company to confer further powers on the South Suburban Gas Company and for other purposes. (South Suburban Gas.)

91. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Woking District Gas Company. (Woking District Gas.)

92. An act to authorise the County Council of the county of Lanark to construct tramways in that county to confirm an agreement between the County Council and the Lanarkshire Tramways Company to authorise the County Council and the town councils of the burghs of Hamilton Motherwell and Wishaw to acquire the undertaking of the said Company and for other purposes. (Lanark County Tramways.)

93. An act to make provisions with regard to the constitution and regulation of the Manchester Royal Exchange Limited and the conversion of the ordinary stock of that Company and for other purposes. (Manchester Royal Exchange.)

94. An act to incorporate the Trustees of the Nottingham Mechanics Institution to extend the objects and powers of the institution and for other purposes. (Nottingham Mechanics Institution.)

95. An act to extend the boundaries of the city and Royal burgh of Glasgow and of the county of the city of Glasgow and to alter and adjust the boundaries of the counties of Lanark Renfrew and Dumbarton and for other purposes. (Glasgow Boundaries.)

96. An act to authorise the Corporation of the City of Glasgow to construct new waterworks to acquire lands to borrow money for such works and for other purposes. (Glasgow Water.)

97. An act to empower the Fylde Water Board to construct additional waterworks to make better provision with regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes. (Fylde Water Board.)

98. An act for confirming certain agreements purporting to have been made under the Electric Lighting Act 1882 between the National Electric Construction Company Limited and their predecessors in title and certain local authorities and for other purposes. (National Electric Construction Company Limited.)

99. An act to confirm an agreement between the Swansea Improvements and Tramways Company and the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Swansea to authorise the said mayor aldermen and burgesses to construct tramways and street improvements to confer further powers upon them in regard to their tramways electricity water and market undertakings and to make further provision for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Swansea Corporation.)

100. An act for vesting the undertaking of the London Tilbury and Southend Railway Company in the Midland Railway Company and for other purposes. (Midland Railway (London Tilbury and Southend Railway Purchase).)

101. An act to constitute a Lunatic Asylums Board for the west riding of the county of York to transfer certain existing county lunatic asylums to such Board and for other purposes. (West Riding of Yorkshire Asylums.)

102. An act to confer further powers upon the Metropolitan Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and to authorise that Company in conjunction with the Great Central Railway Company to construct railways and works to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Railway.)

103. An act to regulate the expenditure of money by the London County Council on capital account during the current financial period and the raising of money to meet such expenditure and for other purposes. (London County Council (Money).)

104. An act to make provision with respect to the registration of petroleum oil depots in the administrative county of London to confer further powers on the London County Council and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers))

105. An act to consolidate the provisions of the Metropolitan Board of Works Loans Acts 1869 to 1871 and the London County Council (Money) Acts 1875 to 1912 with respect to the raising of money by the London County Council on capital account and other matters with such amendments as are necessary to make those provisions applicable to existing conditions. (London County Council (Finance Consolidation).)

106. An act to empower the London County Council to construct and work new tramways to alter and reconstruct existing tramways and to make street improvements and other works and for other purposes. (County Council (Tramways and Improvements).)

107. An act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Keighley to construct further waterworks and a street improvement to provide and work a trolley vehicle system to provide and work motor omnibuses on additional routes to extend the powers of the Corporation with regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Keighley Corporation.)

108. An act to incorporate and confer powers on the Bordon and District Gas Company and for other purposes. (Bordon and District Gas.)

109. An act to alter the constitution of and method of election to the Blyth Harbour Commission to confer further powers upon the Commissioners to authorise the Commissioners to construct works and acquire lands to raise additional money and to create stock and for other purposes. (Blyth Harbour.)

110. An act to make provision for the acquisition of a Site for Public Offices in Westminster for the acquisition of land for the further extension of the Patent Office and for purposes in connection with the Record Office to amend the Public Offices Sites (Extension) Act 1908 and to make provision for certain other public purposes. (Public Offices (Sites).)

111. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Dublin (two) Dungarvan the rural districts of Belfast Carlow and Larne and the Taghmaconnell Joint Burial Board. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

112. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the urban districts of Monaghan and Blackrock the rural district of Newry (No. 1) and the Newry Port Sanitary Authority. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

113. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Dublin Joint Hospital District the Portarlington Joint Burial Board Clonmel and the King’s County and County of Westmeath. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

114. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Ardsley Bingley Birstall (Amendment) Burnham Great Harwood Greetland Hoyland Nether Launceston and Wimborne and District (Amendment). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

115. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Abercarn (Amendment) Aylesbury Biddulph Burnley (Extension) Darton and District Doncaster (Extension) Dorchester Ilkley Pontefract (Amendment) and Sherborne. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

116. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Abingdon Altrincham and Bowdon (Extension) Cheltenham (Extension) Goole and District Holmfirth Llanelly (Extension) Llantwit Fardre Rothwell and District Rushden and District and Wombwell and Worsborough. (Electric lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

117. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Secretary of State for War made in pursuance of section two of the Military Lands Act 1892 authorising the purchase by the Territorial Force Association of the West Riding of the County of York of land for the provision of rifle ranges and for other military purposes. (Military Lands Provisional Order Confirmation.)

118. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Bradford Corporation Act 1910 relating to Bradford Corporation Trolley Vehicles. (Bradford Corporation Trolley Vehicles Order Confirmation.)

119. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1911 to enable the Councils of the Administrative Counties of Essex and Surrey to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (Essex, &c.).)

120. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1911 to enable the Councils of the Administrative Counties of Kent Montgomery Somerset Surrey and the West Riding of Yorkshire and the Urban District of Rhondda to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (Kent, &c.).)

121. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1911 to enable the London County Council to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (London No. 1).)

122. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1911 to enable the London County Council to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (London No. 2).)

123. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the city of Lincoln and in the Parishes of Saxilby Skellingthorpe and Boultham in the county of Lincoln. (Land Drainage (Lincoln West) (South District) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

124. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the parishes of Billingham Wolviston Grindon Norton and Stockton-on-Tees in the county of Durham. (Land Drainage (Billingham) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

125. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the parishes of Pitsea Bowers Gifford and South Benfleet in the county of Essex. (Land Drainage (Pitsea) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

126. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Hatfield (Yorks) Gas Swansea Gas West Kent Gas and Eltham Valley Water. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation.)

127. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Buxton Cleethorpe with Thrunscoe Derby Leicester and Middleton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

128. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Dawlish Gosforth Hyde Margate and Newport (Mon.). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

129. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Cambridge Coalville Darlington Kington Prescot and Shifnal (Rural). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

130. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bacup Huddersfield (two) and the Croydon and Wimbledon Joint Small Pox Hospital District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

131. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Kidderminster. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

132. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bethesda Darwen Dewsbury Llanelly and the Thurrock Grays and Tilbury Joint Sewerage District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

133. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Halifax and Queenborough. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

134. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Caerphilly Llanrwst and Mansfield. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

135. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Liverpool Nantwich Newcastle-under-Lyme New Mills Stratford-upon-Avon and Torquay. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

136. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Milford Haven Salford the Luddenden Foot Joint Sewerage District and the South West Gloucestershire United Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

137. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Carlisle and Wallasey. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

138. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Barnsley and Leeds. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

139. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Dewsbury. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 14).)

140. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bala Harrington and Hipperholme. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Gas).)

141. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Sea Fisheries Act 1868 relating to mussel fisheries in the estuary of the River Conway. (Sea Fisheries (Conway) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

142. An act to confirm two Provisional Orders under the Sea Fisheries Act 1868 relating to oyster and mussel fisheries in the estuary of the Wash in the county of Norfolk. (Sea Fisheries (Lynn) Provisional Orders Confirmation.)

143. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1907 relating to the River Exe and other waters. (Exe Fisheries Provisional Order Confirmation.)

144. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Bingley Urban District Council Tramway Dewsbury Corporation Tramways Portsmouth Corporation Tramways and West Hartlepool Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation.)

145. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Tarbert (Lochfyne). (Pier and Harbour Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

146. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Brixham Gillingham and Lowestoft. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

147. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Arbroath Corporation Gas. (Arbroath Corporation Gas Order Confirmation.)

148. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dunbar Water. (Dunbar Water Order Confirmation.)

149. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation. (Glasgow Corporation Order Confirmation.)

150. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Clyde Valley Electrical Power Company. (Clyde Valley Electrical Power Order Confirmation.)

151. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Kingston-upon-Hull Corporation Act 1907. (Kingston-upon-Hull Corporation Act Provisional Order Confirmation.)

152. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Conisbrough Gas Elham Valley Gas Knottingley Gas and Thurles Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

153. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Cambridge University and Town Gas Cleethorpes Gas Tipperary Gas and Welwyn Knebworth and District Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

154. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Falkirk Burgh. (Falkirk Burgh Order Confirmation.)

155. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to certain burghs and parishes in the counties of Linlithgow Stirling and Dunbarton. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

156. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Annagassan Lossiemouth and Macduff. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

157. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Hove Porthcawl Rhyl and Southend-on-Sea. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

158. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1907 relating to the Rivers Kent and Bela and other waters. (Kent and Bela Fisheries Provisional Order Confirmation.)

159. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Provisional Order (Marriages) Act 1905. (Provisional Order (Marriages) Confirmation.)

160. An act to enable the Admiralty to construct and maintain a pier at North Killingholme on the River Humber and for purposes in connection therewith. (North Killingholme (Admiralty Pier).)

161. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Eastern Valleys (Monmouthshire) Joint Sewerage District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 13).)

162. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bath Birmingham-Burnley Bury Cambridge Christchurch Reading Sheffield and Southport. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 15).)

163. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Chiddingfold and District Water East Surrey Water Henley-on-Thames Water and Wimborne Minster Water. (Water Orders Confirmation.)

164. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1907 relating to certain waters in the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk. (Norfolk Fisheries Provisional Order Confirmation.)

165. An act to authorise the Great Central Railway Company to enlarge their fish dock at Grimsby and for other purposes. (Great Central Railway Fish Dock).)

166. An act to authorise the Yorkshire Transport Company Limited to construct a pier on the River Humber and for other purposes. (North Killingholme Pier.)

167. An act to authorise the Corporation of the City of Sheffield to execute certain street improvements and to construct additional tramways; to confer on the Corporation further powers with respect to their Tramway Water and Electrical Undertakings; and to make better provision for the health local government and finance of the city; and for other purposes. (Sheffield Corporation.)

168. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the parishes of Above-Derwent Under-skiddaw Embleton Wythop Setmurthy Isel Old Park and Bassenthwaite in the county of Cumberland. (Drainage (Braithwaite Moss) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

169. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Kirkcaldy District Water. (Kirkcaldy District Water Order Confirmation.)

170. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity of Samuel Robinson for Independent and Baptist Ministers. (Robinson's Trust Scheme Confirmation.)

171. An act to confirm Schemes of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of (1) Various Charities in the Borough of Beverley and the Parish of Beverley St. John in the East Riding of the County of York and (2) the Charity called or known as the Minster New Fund in the said Borough. (Beverley Charities Schemes Confirmation.)

172. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of (1) Various Charities in the Ancient Parish of Whitby in the North Riding of the County of York and (2) the Charities of Alice Gallilee in Whitby and other places in the said North Riding. (Whitby Charities Scheme Confirmation.)

173. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity called the Loan Fund Bearing Interest under the management of the Haberdashers’ Company of the City of London. (Haberdashers' Company Loan Fund Bearing Interest Scheme Confirmation.)

