Local Acts passed in 1914-1916, 5 & 6 George 5 c.1 - c.109.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol.53.
---

1. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Aberdeen Corporation.

2. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Darlington.

3. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Aberavon Birkenhead Cheltenham Neath Newton in Mackerfield Ulverston and Widnes.

4. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Caledonian Railway.

5. An act to empower the Corporation of the city of Liverpool to acquire further lands to extend the powers of the Corporation with respect to the leasing of corporate land and for other purposes.

6. An act to enable the London Chatham and Dover Railway Company to raise further capital and for other purposes.

7. An act to authorise the Ascot District Gas and Electricity Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

8. An act to amend the Mersey Railway Act 1900 and for other purposes.

9. An act to alter the name of the President Vice-Presidents Treasurer and Governors of the Asylum for the Deaf and Dumb Poor and to enable them to acquire and hold additional lands and for other purposes.

10. An act to confer further powers upon the Ilfracombe Gas Company and for other purposes.

11. An act to empower the Company of Proprietors of the Neath Canal Navigation to raise further moneys.

12. An act to authorise the Great Central Railway Company to use certain lands for railway purposes to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands and for the completion of works to enable the Company to raise further capital and for other purposes.

13. An act for conferring further powers upon the Frimley and Farnborough District Water Company.

14. An act to empower the Blyth Harbour Commissioners to construct a toll bridge over the River Blyth with approaches thereto to construct new piers or breakwaters and for other purposes.

15. An act to authorise the Corporation of Doncaster to construct street improvements to confer upon the Corporation further powers with reference to their water and gas undertakings to make better provision for the health local government and finance of the borough of Doncaster and for other purposes.

16. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Eastern Railway Company for extending the ti$ne limited by former Acts for the completion of works and the purchase of lands by the Company and for the purchase of lands by the Great Northern and Great Eastern Joint Committee and for other purposes.

17. An act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands for and completion of works authorised by the Bury and District Joint Water Board Act 1903.

18. An act to regulate the user of the Shirehall and Guildhall at Shrewsbury in the County of Salop and for other purposes.

19. An act to extend the limits of supply of the Brighton and Hove General Gas Company and for other purposes.

20. An act for making provisions respecting the capital of the Falmouth Docks Company and for other purposes.

21. An act to change the name of the Ormskirk Gas Light Company to empower the Company to acquire additional lands to supply electricity and to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

22. An act to make further provision respecting the capital and undertaking of the Metropolitan District Railway Company to confer further powers on the London and South Western Railway Company in respect of their Wimbledon and Fulham Railway and on the Wimbledon and Sutton Railway Company and for other purposes.

23. An act to enable the Seaforth and Sefton Junction Railway Company to create and issue a capital stocn guaranteed by the Great Central and Great Northern Railway Companies to revive the powers and extend the time for the completion of the Seaforth and Sefton Junction Railways and for other purposes.

24. An act to empower the Commissioners of the Streatley and Goring Bridge and approaches to construct a new bridge and approaches across the Thames between Streatley and Goring and for other, purposes.

25. An act to revive and extend the powers for the acquisition ol lands and to extend the time for the construction of certain authorised tramways of the Bristol Tramways and Carriage Company Limited and for other purposes.

26. An act to confer powers on the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Halifax for the construction of tramways to provide and run trolley vehicles and omnibuses and to make further provision with regard to their tramway undertaking and for other purposes.

27. An act to confer powers upon the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Sheffield with respect to the construction of tramways and the running of omnibuses and for other purposes.

28. An act for conferring further capital powers on the West Gloucestershire Water Company and for other purposes.

29. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Forfar Gas.

30. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Great North of Scotland Railway.

31. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Highland Railway.

32. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Irvine and District Water Board (Emergency Powers).

33. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Clifden and Enniscorthy.

34. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bridlington Huddersfield St. Helens Scarborough and Skelmersdale.

35. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Cowes and East Cowes Milford Haven Southend-on-Sea (two) Stafford and Worthing.

36. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Hursley (Rural) Pudsey Ruislip-Northwood and Whitley and Monkseaton.

37. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the County of Nottingham.

38. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1907 relating to the River Conway and other waters.

39. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Sea Fisheries Act 1868 relating to Mussel Fisheries in parts of the sea adjoining the counties of Carnarvon Merioneth and Cardigan.

40. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Sea Fisheries Act 1868 relating to Oyster Mussel and Cockle Fisheries in and near Poole Harbour.

41. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Bury Corporation Tramways and Hull Corporation Tramways.

42. An act for conferring further powers on the Altrincham Gas Company and for providing for the raising of additional capital and for other purposes.

43. An act to continue and confer further powers upon the Town of Warwick Gas Light Company to change the name of the Company and for other purposes.

44. An act to empower the Ammanford Urban District Council to construct street improvements and for other purposes.

45. An act to incorporate the Friends’ Provident Institution and to provide for the management of its affairs and for other purposes.

46. An act to constitute and incorporate the Trustees of the Methodist Church in Ireland and to vest in them certain trust properties for the said Church and to provide for the administration of those properties and for other purposes connected therewith.

47. An act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Sunderland to reconstruct the Wearmouth Bridge and for other purposes.

48. An act to confer further powers on the Eastern Valleys (Monmouthshire) Joint Sewerage Board.

49. An act to consolidate and convert the existing shares of the Prescot Gas Company to authorise the Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

50. An act to authorise the Spennymoor and Tudhoe Gas Company to raise additional capital and to confer further powers upon that Company.

51. An act to enable the Skegness Urban District Council to acquire the undertaking of the Skegness Gas Company and to confer upon the Council powers in relation to the supply of gas.

52. An act for conferring further powers upon the Corporation of Rotherham with reference to their tramway and electricity undertakings to authorise the construction of street works and to make better provision for the health local government and finance of the borough of Rotherham and for other purposes.

53. An act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Chelmsford Gas Company to the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Chelmsford and to confer further powers on that corporation with respect to the supply of gas and for other purposes.

54. An act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Lurgan Gas Light and Chemical Company Limited to the urban district council of Lurgan to confer further powers on the Council with respect to the supply of gas electricity and water and to make further and better provision for the improvement health and local government of the district and for other purposes.

55. An act to amend the Port of London Act 1908 in reference to the election of elected members of the Port of London Authority.

56. An act to authorise the Sutton District Water Company to raise further moneys and for other purposes.

57. An act to enable the urban district council of Aberdare to make and maintain tramways and to run trolley cars by railless traction and motor omnibuses to carry out street improvements and to confer further powers upon the Council and for other purposes.

58. An act to confer further powers on the Northwich Gas Company and for other purposes.

59. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Kilmarnock Gas.

60. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Irvine and District Water Board.

61. An act to authorise the Stalybridge Hyde Mossley and Dukinfield Tramways and Electricity Board to construct additional tramways to extend their area for the supply of electricity and for other purposes.

62. An act to authorise the urban district council of Ashington to construct new waterworks to confer further powers on the Council in regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes.

63. An act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of South Shields in regard to their tramway undertaking to extend their Mill Dam Quay to construct street works and to acquire lands to make better provisions in regard to the electrical undertaking and the local government health and finance of the borough and for other purposes.

64. An act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Wolverhampton to construct additional waterworks to extend their limits for the supply of water and to make further provision in regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes.

65. An act to authorise the urban district council of Barnoldswick to construct new waterworks and to acquire additional lands to confer further powers on the Council in regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes.

66. An act to transfer to the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Nottingham part of the undertaking of the Trent Navigation Company and for other purposes (Nottingham Corporation (Trent Navigation Transfer).)

67. An act to authorise the Southend Waterworks Company to construct new works to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

68. An act to authorise the City and South London Railway Company the Central London Railway Company the London Electric Railway Company and the Metropolitan District Railway Company or any of them to make agreements with each other and with the London General Omnibus Company Limited for the purpose of establishing a common fund the application of such fund and for other purposes.

69. An act to consolidate with amendments certain of the local Acts in force in the borough of Plymouth to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of that borough and to make further provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes.

70. An act to authorise the South Staffordshire Waterworks Company to extend their limits of supply to construct new works to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

71. An act to authorise the Rhondda Urban District Council to construct additional tramways to make street improvements to confer upon the Council further powers in relation to their gas and water undertakings and for the better local government and improvement of the district and for other purposes.

72. An act to empower the Weardale and Consett Water Company to construct additional works and for other purposes.

73. An act to empower the Metropolitan Water Board to make waterworks and other works and to acquire lands and for other purposes.

74. An act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Dewsbury to construct an additional tramway to confer further powers upon them in regard to their tramway gas and electricity undertakings and with respect to the disposal of trade refuse and to make further provision for the improvement health and good government of the said borough and for other purposes.

75. An act to regulate the expenditure on capital account and lending of money by the London County Council during the financial period from the first day of April one thousand nine hundred and fifteen to the thirtieth day of September one thousand nine hundred and sixteen and for other purposes.

76. An act to confer further powers upon the London County Council with regard to parks and open spaces and other matters to confer various powers upon metropolitan borough councils and for other purposes.

77. An act to authorise the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Lincoln to acquire and extinguish the rights of the freemen of the city and others in or in respect of the commons in and adjoining the city and to make provision for the management thereof to provide and work trolley vehicles and motor omnibuses to make further provision with regard to the supply of gas and electricity and with regard to the health local government and improvement of the city and for other purposes.

78. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1889 relating to Port-Glasgow Gas and Burgh Extension.

79. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation (Parks Harbour Tunnel Gas &c.).

80. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dunfermline and District Tramways (Extensions).

81. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Provisional Order (Marriages) Act 1905.

82. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Haworth Urban District Irlam Kingston-upon-Hull (Extension) Knaresborough Litherland Normanton Urban District Ryde (Amendment) Skipton Stanley (Yorkshire) and Tenby.

83. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Andover Boston and District Chipstead and District Connah’s Quay East Grinstead Urban District Selby and District Southampton (Extension) and Street and District.

84. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Harrogate (Extension) Keighley (Extension) Teignmouth Tunbridge Wells (Extension) Warrington (Extension) and Ystradgynlais.

85. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 with the concurrence of the Local Government Board constituting a Joint Board consisting of representatives of the urban districts of Wath-upon-Dearne Bolton-upon-Dearne and Thurnscoe all in the West Riding of the county of York for the joint exercise of powers under the Electric Lighting Acts in respect of their respective districts.

86. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the Parishes of Fangfoss Full Sutton Bolton High Catton Wilberfoss Newton-upon-Derwent Barmby-on-the-Moor Sutton-upon-Derwent Allerthorpe Thornton Storwood Melbourne Wheldrake Thorganby with West Cottingwith East Cottingwith and Bielby in the East Riding of the County of York.

87. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1914 relating to the River Ouse in the County of Norfolk.

88. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the parishes of Raveningham Norton Subcourse Thurlton Loddon Chedgrave and Reedham.

89. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban District of Kingstown the Rural Districts of Dingle Kenmare and Rathdrum and the Londonderry Port Sanitary Authority.

90. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban Districts of Armagh and Lisburn and the Rural Districts of Carlow and Dungannon.

91. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Birmingham Bootle Bradford Liverpool and Stockton-on-Tees.

92. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Cardiff Coventry Lytham Sheffield and the Rothwell Joint Cemetery District.

93. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Swansea Wombwell the West Kent Main Sewerage District and Leeds.

94. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Bury and District Joint Hospital District the Henley and Wallingford and the Middlesex Districts Joint Small-pox Hospital Districts and the North-East Salop United Districts.

95. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Oakham Gas Staveley Gas Thirsk Gas and Thirsk District Water.

96. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Guildford Gas Melton Mowbray Gas Swanage Gas and Hoylake and West Kirby Gas and Water.

97. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Cheadle Gas Heathfield and Waldron Gas Liverpool Gas Mid Kent Gas Light and Coke Rothwell Gas and Fisherton Anger and Bemerton Waterworks.

98. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Lossiemouth and Portmadoc.

99. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Cattewater and Poole.

100. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1911 to enable the Councils of the Administrative Counties of Derby the Isle of Ely and Montgomery the County Borough of West Ham and the Urban District of Leyton to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts.

101. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1911 to enable the London County Council to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts.

102. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Clackmannan County Water.

103. An act to make provision with regard to high-pressure gas meters music and dancing licences lying-in homes establishments for massage or special treatment and dangerous businesses to make provision as to the administration of powers under the Lunacy Acts to confer various powers upon the London County Council the corporation of the city of London and the metropolitan borough councils and for other purposes.

104. An act to empower the London County Council to construct and work new tramways to alter and reconstruct existing tramways and to make street improvements and other works and for other purposes.

105. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Water.

106. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Corporation.

107. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Port Dundas Church and Parish Quoad Sacra Glasgow.

108. An act to make provision with regard to cinematograph films and celluloid and for other purposes.

109. An act to confer powers on the corporation of the city of Glasgow with respect to cinematograph film and celluloid and for other purposes.

