Local Acts passed in 1914, 4 & 5 George 5 c.1 - c.193.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 52.
---

1. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Scottish Insurance Companies (Superannuation Fund).

2. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Alexander Scott's Hospital and the North of Scotland College of Agriculture.

3. An act to constitute the borough of East Ham in the county of Essex a county borough to make provision in regard to the granting of superannuation allowances to officers and servants of the Corporation to make further provision in regard to the electricity undertaking of the Corporation and the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes.

4. An act to confer further powers upon the South Metropolitan Cemetery Company and for other purposes.

5. An act to constitute a body of Trustees for the purpose of acquiring the Crystal Palace and Park and to empower them to hold and manage the same as a place of public resort and recreation and for other purposes.

6. An act for empowering the British Gas Light Company Limited to expend further capital at Kingston-upon-Hull.

7. An act to amend the Colonial and Foreign Banks Guarantee Fund Incorporation Act 1899 and for other purposes.

8. An act to empower the Bengal and North Western Railway Company Limited to redeem a portion of its existing capital and for other purposes.

9. An act to empower the Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours Company to construct additional harbour works at Fishguard and to abandon certain authorised harbour works and railways in connexion therewith and to authorise the Great Western Railway Company to subscribe to the capital of the said Company and for other purposes.

10. An act to make further provision as to the affairs of the Corn Exchange Company and for regulating the user of the Corn Exchange (Mark Lane).

11. An act to extend the time for the purchase of lands for, and for the completion of certain railways by the Rhymney Railway Company and for other purposes.

12. An act to provide for the granting of superannuation allowances to the officers and pensions to the servants of the Metropolitan Borough of Chelsea and for other purposes.

13. An act to extend the limits of supply of the South Bank and Normanby Gaslight and Coke Company Limited to repeal the powers of the Middlesbrough Corporation to supply gas within the existing and extended limits of supply of that Company and for other purposes.

14. An act to confer powers upon the Urban District Council of Chiswick in relation to the acquisition of lands and for other purposes.

15. An act to confer further powers on the Didcot Newbury and Southampton Railway Company.

16. An act to authorise the Corporation of Chesterfield to construct and work additional tramways to execute certain street works and improvements to extend their area for the supply of electricity to make further provision for the improvement local government and health of the borough of Chesterfield and for other purposes.

17. An act to extend the time limited by the Bute Docks and Cardiff Railway Acts for the purchase of certain lands and for the completion of certain works and for other purposes.

18. An act to amend the Port of London Act 1908 and to extend the powers of raising money under such Act to confer further powers on the Port of London Authority and for other purposes.

19. An act to amend the Nottingham Mechanics Institution Act 1912.

20. An act to provide for the transfer to the urban district council of Cleckheaton of so much of the Gas Undertaking of the Bradford Corporation as is situate within the Urban District of Cleckheaton to extend and define the limits of the Council for the supply of Gas and to confer further powers upon the Council in relation to their Gas Undertaking to authorise the Council to provide and run Motor Omnibuses and to make further and better provision with regard to the Improvement Health and Local Government of the District and for other purposes.

21. An act to confer powers upon the urban district council of Mablethorpe in the county of Lincoln with respect to certain lands locally known as Sandhills or Dunes and situate within the urban district and for other purposes.

22. An act to extend the time limited by the Taff Yale Railway Act 1912 for the purchase of certain lands and the completion of certain railways.

23. An act to confer powers upon the South Staffordshire Mines Drainage Commissioners for the borrowing of moneys and the purchase and sale of lands to confirm an agreement between the said Commissioners the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigations and the Public Works Loan Commissioners to vary and amend the provisions of the South Staffordshire Mines Drainage Acts 1891 1894 and 1904 and for other purposes.

24. An act to authorise the Abertillery and District Water Board to construct an additional reservoir and for other purposes.

25. An act to empower the Stone Gas Light and Coke Company Limited to supply electricity and to confer further powers on and to change the name of the Company and for other purposes.

26. An act to empower the Bristol Waterworks Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

27. An act to empower the President Vice-Presidents Treasurers and Governors of St. George’s Hospital to acquire lands for and to erect a new hospital to authorise the sale and disposal of the site of St. George’s Hospital to provide for agreements with the Governors of Westminster Hospital for amalgamation and removal to a joint site of St. George’s and Westminster Hospitals and for other purposes.

28. An act to constitute the Butterley Company Limited a company limited by shares to amend the memorandum and articles of association and increase the capital of the Company and for other purposes.

29. An act to alter and define the limits of the Kidsgrove Gaslight Company for the supply of gas to confer further powers on the Company and for other purposes.

30. An act to empower the London Electric Railway Company to construct new subways and for other purposes.

31. An act to authorise the Mold and Denbigh Junction Railway Company to improve its undertaking to raise further money and for other purposes.

32. An act to empower the Central London Railway Company to enlarge a portion of their railway tunnels to construct new subways and works and for other purposes.

33. An act to authorise the Undertakers of the Aire and Calder Navigation to construct a training wall or embankment in the River Ouse to confer further powers on the Undertakers in connection with their undertaking to amend the Acts relating thereto and for other purposes.

34. An act to empower the urban district council of Ashington to supply gas within their district and the adjoining neighbourhood and for other purposes.

35. An act to confer further powers upon the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway Company and for other purposes.

36. An act to empower the Valley Rural District Council to obtain a supply of water from the stream known as the Bodsuran stream and from springs and streams in the neighbourhood thereof in the parish of Llechcynfarwydd in the county of Anglesey and to supply water in the parish of Llanfaelog and for other purposes.

37. An act to empower the Rhymney and Aber Valleys Gas and Water Company to acquire additional lands for gas and water purposes to raise additional capital to create a further amount of debenture stock and for other purposes.

38. An act to empower the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the city of Belfast to raise additional moneys for certain purposes connected with their Tramways Undertaking.

39. An act to provide for an increase of the contributions to the Railway Clearing System Superannuation Fund by the Railway Clearing House certain railway companies and joint committees the Clearing House Committee (Ireland) and certain contributing members of the Fund and for other purposes.

40. An act to confer further powers upon the Mansfield Railway Company with reference to the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes.

41. An act to extend the time limited for the construction of the Knoll Brook Waterworks by the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the County Borough of Barnsley to extend their powers with respect to their water and electricity undertakings to make further provision for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes.

42. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Severn Navigation and to confer further powers on the Severn Commissioners and for other purposes.

43. An act to authorise the Mexborough Urban District Council to acquire the undertaking of the Mexbrough and District Water Company Limited and to make further provision in regard to the water supply of the district and for other purposes.

44. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bromley and East and West Molesey.

45. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Cardiff Haverfordwest Maryport and Southampton and the North Bierley Joint Hospital District.

46. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Essex Oxford and Wilts.

47. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bridgend Burnley (Rural) Holmfirth Maidstone Runcorn (Rural) and Tynemouth.

48. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bootle Gravesend Huddersfield Leek Llanelly and Workington and the North East Durham Joint Small-pox Hospital District.

49. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Aberystwyth.

50. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Clydebank and District Water.

51. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Inverness Water and Gas.

52. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the Parish of Rippingale in the County of Lincoln.

53. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1899 relating to Gosford Green in the City of Coventry and the Parish of St. Michael Without Coventry and for purposes incidental thereto.

54. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Application or Management of the Charity consisting of the Independent Chapel in Coombe Street in the Parish of St. Mary Major in the City of Exeter.

55. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Application or Management of the Charity consisting of the Congregational Chapel and Trust Property in Foleshill Road in the City of Coventry.

56. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Application or Management of the Charities consisting of the Baptist Chapel Burial Ground Sunday Schools and Trust Property at Horsforth in the West Riding of the County of York.

57. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Application or Management of the Charity consisting of the Congregational Chapel Manse and Trust Property in the Parish of Marden in the County of Kent.

58. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Application or Management of the Charity consisting of the Protestant Dissenting Chapel otherwise Providence Baptist Chapel in the Parish of Old Sleaford in the County of Lincoln.

59. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Provisional Order (Marriages) Act 1905.

60. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Hawarden Rural District Kenilworth Ledbury Llanfairfechan Merthyr Tydfil (Amendment) Newton-in-Maker field Oulton Broad Ruthin Slaithwaite Thornton and Yeovil.

61. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Aboyne and District Ballater and Ellon.

62. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Kingstown.

63. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1907 relating to the River Dee and other waters.

64. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1899 relating to the Common Fields in the Parish of Elmstone Hardwicke in the County of Gloucester.

65. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Rotherham Corporation Tramways.

66. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Kilkenny Dungarvan Holy wood the Rural District of Naas No. 1 and the Portarlington Joint Burial Board.

67. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Western Valleys (Monmouthshire) Railless Electric Traction Act 1913 relating to Western Valleys (Monmouthshire) Railless Electric Traction.

68. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Lanarkshire Gas.

69. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the. Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Boundaries Extension and Gas.

70. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Subway Railway.

71. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Colinton Tramways Extension.

72. An act to confer further powers upon the Corporation of Preston with reference to the Ribble Navigation to authorise the Corporation to construct new streets and additional tramways to confer upon the Corporation further powers with reference to their water undertaking to make better provision for the health local Government and finance of the borough of Preston and for other purposes.

73. An act to consolidate and convert the capital of the Brentford Gas Company to authorise the acquisition by the Brentford Gas Company of the undertakings of the Staines and Egham District Gas and Coke Company Limited and the Sunbury Gas Consumers Company Limited to confer further powers on the Brentford Gas Company and for other purposes.

74. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Chelmsford Gas Company and for other purposes.

75. An act to empower the Urban District Council of Bedwas and Machen to supply gas within the parish of Machen Upper in their district and parts of certain adjoining parishes and for other purposes.

76. An act to authorise the Market Rasen Water Company to construct new works to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

77. An act to confer further powers upon the Hull and Barnsley Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the Great Central Railway Company and the North Eastern Railway Company respectively in respect of joint undertakings to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands and for the completion of works authorised to be acquired and constructed by the Hull and Barnsley Railway Act 1909 to revive the powers for the construction of works authorised by the Hull Joint Dock Act 1899 and for other purposes.

78. An act to confer further powers upon the North Metropolitan Electric Power Supply Company and the North Metropolitan Electrical Power Distribution Company Limited and for other purposes.

79. An act to authorise the Norwich Electric Tramways Company to construct additional tramways and other works and for other purposes.

80. An act to extend the compulsory limits of water supply of the burgh of Motherwell to confer further powers as to water supply to construct and maintain sewers and sewage purification works to acquire lands to borrow money and for other purposes.

81. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the High town Gas and Electricity Company.

82. An act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Slaithwaite Gas Company to the Longwood Gas Company to confer further powers on the Longwood Gas Company and for other purposes.

83. An act to empower the Deal and Walmer Gas Company to supply electricity to change the name of the Company and for other purposes.

84. An act to confer further powers upon the Shropshire Worcestershire and Staffordshire Electric Power Company and for other purposes.

85. An act to confer further powers on the Yorkshire Electric Power Company.

86. An act to empower the Corporation of Birkenhead to provide and work motor omnibuses to make further provision with respect to the ferries of the Corporation and for other purposes.

87. An act to confer on the Upper Medway Navigation and Conservancy Board further borrowing powers and for other purposes.

88. An act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Newport to construct a bridge over the River Usk and tramways and other works and for other purposes.

89. An act to empower the Beira Railway Company Limited to make adjustments in its accounts and for other purposes.

90. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Skegness Gas Company.

91. An act to amend the Canal Tolls and Charges No. 3 (Aberdare &c. Canals) Order 1894 in relation to the Stourbridge Navigation and Acts relating to that navigation to confer further powers on the Company of Proprietors of the said navigation and for other purposes.

92. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Whitwell and District Gas Company.

93. An act to empower the Ellesmere Port and Whitby Urban District Council to purchase certain gasworks of the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company and to confer further powers upon the Council with regard to the supply of gas and electricity and for the improvement of the district.

94. An act to extend the limits of supply of the Liverpool United Gaslight Company to provide for the conversion of the existing capital of the Company to change the name of the Company and for other purposes.

95. An act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of new railways and other works and the acquisition of lands to authorise the construction of railways by the South Yorkshire Joint Line Committee and for other purposes.

96. An act to empower the Corporation of Bristol to construct works and to enlarge certain cemeteries in the City of Bristol to confer further powers upon the Corporation and for other purposes.

97. An act to empower the London United Tramways Limited to enter into working and other agreements with owners of tramways and railways and for other purposes.

98. An act to authorise the construction of new roads and a road widening in the urban districts of Brentford Heston and Isleworth and Chiswick in the county of Middlesex and for other purposes.

99. An act to authorise the Port Talbot Railway and Docks Company to extend the piers at Port Talbot to construct a new entrance lock and for other purposes.

100. An act to empower the South Suburban Gas Company to acquire lands and construct works at Erith and for other purposes.

101. An act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Reading to construct additional tramways and to provide and run trolley vehicles and omnibuses and to make further provision for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes.

102. An act to confer further powers on the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company to make provision with respect to the supply of electricity to the Company and for other purposes.

103. An act to extend the limits of the Leyland Gas Company for the supply of gas to empower the Company to raise further capital and for other purposes.

104. An act to authorise the Tees Valley Water Board to construct additional waterworks to extend the limits of supply of the Board to make better provision with regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes.

105. An act to extinguish the tolls levied in respect of the user of certain roads in and adjoining the county borough of Middlesbrough and to make provision for the maintenance of such roads to authorise the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the said county borough to acquire the undertaking of the North Ormesby Gas Company Limited to confer further powers upon them with respect to their gas and electricity undertakings to make further provision for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes.

106. An act to empower the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the city of Birmingham to construct additional tramways and street improvements and to provide and work omnibuses to make further provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of the city and for other purposes.

107. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of an undertaking in which they are jointly interested and for other purposes.

108. An act to authorise the transfer to the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Swindon of the site of portion of the Wilts and Berks Canal and the Coate Reservoir and the abandonment of the remainder of such canal and the sale or disposal of the site thereof and for other purposes.

109. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban Districts of Cashel and Castlebar the Rural Districts of Mountmellick and Sligo and the Bangor and Newtownards Joint Hospital District.

110. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Counties of Antrim and Londonderry.

111. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Cavan and Londonderry.

112. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Dursley Gas Hayfield Gas High Wycombe Gas Amersham Beaconsfield and District Water and Elham Valley Water.

113. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Dronfield Gas North Middlesex Gas Uxbridge Gas Flint Gas and Water and Fisherton Anger and Bemerton Waterworks.

114. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Cowes.

115. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Amlwch Armadale and Fraserburgh.

116. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Nairn and Saltcoats.

117. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Abercarn Chorley Farnham (Extension) Harwich Kingston-upon-Hull (Extension) Knottingley Leeds (Extension) and Warminster.

118. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Banstead Walton-on-the-Hill and Kingswood Beeston and District Bradford-on-Avon Feltham and District Gelligaer (Bedlinog and Fochriw) Heanor Eastwood and District Midhurst and District and Rickmansworth and Chorleywood.

119. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Ayr Burgh (Extension) Edinburgh Corporation (Extension) and Galashiels and District.

120. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Cowbridge and Penybont Hinckley and District Reading (York Town Bulk Supply) Watford (Extension) Whitstable and York (Extension).

121. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to certain burghs and parishes in the county of Ayr.

122. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Sea Fisheries Act 1868 relating to Oyster and Mussel Fisheries in Emsworth Channel.

123. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Sea Fisheries Act 1868 relating to Oyster and Mussels Fisheries in the estuary of the River Yealm in the county of Devon.

124. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed Drainage District in the parishes of Brede Undimore Beckley Peasmarsh Rye and Rye Foreign in the County of Sussex.

125. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1911 to enable the Councils of the Administrative Counties of Cambridge Cumberland and Surrey and the County Borough of Swansea to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts.

126. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1911 to enable the London County Council to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts.

127. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bourne and Wokingham.

128. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Okehampton (Rural).

129. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Bournemouth.

130. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Chippenham.

131. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bognor Bury Louth Pontefract Rotherham (two) and the District of the Derwent Valley Water Board.

132. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Abercarn Barking Town Barrow-in-Furness Liverpool Newcastle-upon-Tyne Scunthorpe and Whitby.

133. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bury Cambridge Southampton and Stafford.

134. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Birmingham.

135. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Amman Valley and the Ludworth and Mellor Joint Sewerage Districts the Halstead Joint Hospital District and the East Wilts United Districts.

136. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bournemouth and Bradford.

137. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Chatham and the Rochester and Chatham Joint Sewerage District.

138. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Llandudno and the Rothwell Joint Cemetery District.

139. An act to extend the limits of supply of the Leighton Buzzard Gas Company to authorise the Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

140. An act to amend the enactments relating to the calorific power of the gas supplied by the Gas Light and Coke Company and to relieve that Company from their obligations as to the illuminating power of such gas and for other purposes.

141. An act to confer further powers upon the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Leeds in regard to their tramways undertaking to empower them to construct street improvements and for other purposes.

142. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Edenbridge and District Gas Company.

143. An act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company and the Cheshire Lines Committee for the construction of works and upon that Company and Committee and the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee for the acquisition of lands and for other purposes.

144. An act to confer upon the Skegness Urban District Council powers in relation to the supply of electricity the provision of motor omnibuses and to the local government of the district.

145. An act to revive the powers for the compulsory purchase of lands and extend the periods for the completion of the railways pier and works authorised by the South Western and Isle of Wight Junction Railway Acts 1901 1903 and 1909 to empower the South Western and Isle of Wight Junction Railway Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

146. An act to confer further powers upon the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Manchester with reference to street works waterworks tramways main drainage works and the supply of electricity and otherwise for the better local government and improvement of the city to alter the wards thereof and for other purposes.

147. An act for authorizing the West Gloucestershire Water Company to construct new works for extending their limits of supply and for other purposes.

148. An act to authorise the Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway Company to construct railways in the county of Monmouth and for other purposes.

149. An act to empower the London County Council to construct and work a tramway to make street improvements and other works and for other purposes.

150. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Northwich to construct new waterworks and to acquire additional lands to sanction and con linn the construction of existing waterworks to extend the limits for the supply of water by the Council to confer further powers on the Council in regard to their water undertaking and to make further and better provision for the improvement health and local government of the district and for other purposes.

151. An act to extend the limits of supply of the Riddings District Gas Company and to empower them to acquire the undertaking of the Pinxton Gas Light and Coke Company Limited and for other purposes.

152. An act to extend the limits for the supply of gas by the Southend Gas Company and for other purposes.

153. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Wadhurst and District Gas and Coke Company and to enable them to acquire the gas undertaking of the Ticehurst and District Water and Gas Company.

154. An act to authorise the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway Company to acquire additional lands to confirm an agreement with the Rhymney Railway Company with reference to running powers and to raise further money and for other purposes.

155. An act to extend and define the limits of the harbour of Poole to authorise the Poole Harbour Commissioners to construct works to acquire lands and to raise additional money to confer further powers upon the Commissioners and for other purposes.

156. An act to authorise the Great Northern Railway Company to construct certain deviation railways and widenings of railway and other works and to acquire lands and to confer further powers upon that Company to extend the time for the completion of certain works and the purchase of certain lands and for other purposes.

157. An act to extend and define the limits of supply of the Hayward’s Heath District Gas Company to provide for the conversion of the existing capital of the Company and to confer further powers upon the Company.

158. An act to enable the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city and county of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to construct and work additional tramways in the urban districts of Longbenton and Weetslade to raise further money and for other purposes.

159. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Ossett with respect to the disposal of trade refuse and to make further provision in regard to the water and gas undertakings of the Corporation and the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes.

160. An act to authorise the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Walsall to construct street works and a tramway to provide and work trolley vehicles and motor omnibuses to make further provision with regard to the" supply of gas and electricity to make provision for increasing the number of wards of the borough and the number of councillors and aldermen and to make further provision with regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes.

161. An act to enable the urban district council of St. Anne’s-on-the-Sea to acquire the Ashton Gardens and other properties and to confer further powers upon the Council in regard to the supply of gas and electricity and to the local government of the district.

162. An act to provide for the purchase by the Corporation of Bristol of the undertaking of the Bristol Tramways and Carriage Company Limited to empower the Corporation to work any tramways purchased by or belonging to them to enter into agreements for the purchase or working of tramways and for other purposes.

163. An act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Porthcawl and District Gas Company to the urban district council of Porthcawl to confer further powers on the Council with respect to the supply of gas and water to empower the Council to maintain the harbour at Porthcawl and to make further and better provision for the improvement health and local government of the district and for other purposes.

164. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Wimbledon to purchase lands in and adjoining the borough to divide the Saint Mary’s and South Park Wards of the borough and to make further provision in regard to the electricity undertaking of the Corporation and the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes.

165. An act to remove doubts concerning the pension fund of the Great Central Railway Company’s salaried officers and clerks and to restore the pension rights of the members of that fund.

166. An act to enable the Urban District Council of Weston-super-Mare to construct additional waterworks to enlarge the cemetery to acquire lands to borrow additional moneys and to confer upon that Council various powers for the health and good government of the district and for other purposes.

167. An act to incorporate the Wesleyan and General Assurance Society and to provide for the management of its affairs and to confer further powers upon the Society and for other purposes.

168. An act to authorise the Corporation of the city of Glasgow to construct tramways and street works bridges and sewers to borrow money and for other purposes.

169. An act to authorise the Corporation of London to execute street improvements at Spitalfields to make provision with respect to the use and testing of high-pressure gas meters within the city of London and for other purposes.

170. An act to incorporate the Clergy Mutual Assurance Society and to provide for the management of its affairs and for other purposes.

171. An act to enable the Isle of Thanet Gaslight and Coke Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

172. An act to regulate the expenditure on capital account and lending of money by the London County Council during the financial period from the first day of April one thousand nine hundred and fourteen to the thirtieth day of September one thousand nine hundred and fifteen and to enable the said Council to raise money by mortgage.

173. An act to confirm an agreement between the City of Oxford Electric Tramways Limited and the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Oxford for the transfer to and removal by the corporation of the Company’s tramways and for the provision by the Company of a service of motor omnibuses in lieu thereof and for other purposes.

174. An act to authorise the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis to reconstruct the Weymouth Swing Bridge and the Backwater Bridge and to make other works upon and to fill in the Backwater and to confer further powers upon the Corporation with respect to the regulation management and good government of the borough and for other purposes.

175. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Castlebar Lurgan and Waterford.

176. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Balcombe Petrol Gas.

177. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to East Kent Gas Garstang Gas Harpenden District Gas St. Ives (Hunts) Gas and Swansea Gas.

178. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation.

179. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Clyde Navigation.

180. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Doncaster.

181. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Brighton and Hastings.

182. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Wakefield.

183. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Devonport Plymouth and East Stonehouse.

184. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Worcester.

185. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Kirkcaldy Corporation.

186. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Wick Harbour.

187. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh and District Water.

188. An act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of York to construct a new street and street improvements and to provide and run trolley vehicles and motor omnibuses to make further provision in regard to their light railway electricity and markets undertakings and the health local government and improvement of the city and for other purposes.

189. An act to authorise the Corporation of the city of Sheffield to execute certain street improvements and to construct an additional tramway to confer on the Corporation further powers with respect to their markets undertaking to extend the boundaries of the city and for other purposes.

190. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Blyth Hall (Transfer).

191. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Coatbridge Drainage and Burgh Extension.

192. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dumbarton Burgh (Water &c.).

193. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to North British Railway (Invergarry and Fort Augustus Railway Vesting).

