Local Acts passed in 1916, 6 & 7 George 5 c.1 - c.66.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol.54.
---

1. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislated Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Aberdeen Corporation Water. (Aberdeen Corporation Water Order Confirmation.)

2. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh Corporation. (Edinburgh Corporation Order Confirmation.)

3. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Fleetwood Gas and Long Eaton Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation.)

4. An act to extend the time for the construction of certain waterworks authorised by the Burnley Corporation Act 1908 to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Burnley in regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes. (Burnley Corporation.)

5. An act for conferring power upon the Senior Official Receiver in Companies Liquidation acting as liquidator of the Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier Company to sell by agreement the undertaking of that Company to extend the time for the completion of the authorised pier and works of that Company and for other purposes. (Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier.)

6. An act for granting additional powers to the Colonial Bank. (Colonial Bank.)

7. An act to postpone the repayment of certain mortgages granted by the Swansea Harbour Trustees and for other purposes. (Swansea Harbour.)

8. An act to extend the time limited for the repayment of money borrowed under the authority of the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company’s Act 1895 and to make other provisions in relation thereto to enable the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company to borrow further moneys and for other purposes. (City of Dublin Steam Packet Company's.)

9. An act to extend the time limited by the Cardiff Railway Acts for the purchase of certain lands and for other purposes. (Cardiff Railway.)

10. An act to remove doubts as to the power of the Imperial Continental Gas Association to sell or dispose of portions of their undertaking to confer various powers upon the Association and for other purposes. (Imperial Continental Gas Association.)

11. An act to authorise the South Metropolitan Gas Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (South Metropolitan Gas.)

12. An act for granting additional powers to the Van Diemen’s Land Company. (Van Diemen's Land Company's.)

13. An act to amend the Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway Act 1906 and for other purposes. (Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway.)

14. An act for staying the winding-up of the Canada Company for enabling the Company to allot and issue further paid-up capital to the existing shareholders for granting additional powers to the Company for providing for a capital recoupment fund for amending the Company’s Charter and for consolidating and amending the Acts relating to the Company and for other purposes. (Canada Company's.)

15. An act to extend the times limited by the Metropolitan Electric Tramways Act 1911 and the Metropolitan Electric Tramways (Railless Traction) Act 1913 for the exercise of certain powers by the Metropolitan Electric Tramways Limited and the Middlesex County Council and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Electric Tramways.)

16. An act to confer further powers on the Plymouth and Stonehouse Gas Light and Coke Company to make further provision with reference to the utilisation and conversion of products arising from the manufacture of gas and the distillation of tar and for other purposes. (Plymouth and Stonehouse Gas.)

17. An act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Eton Gas Company to the Uxbridge Gas Company to extend the limits of supply of the latter Company and for other purposes. (Uxbridge Gas.)

18. An act to empower the Folkestone Gas and Coke Company to acquire the undertaking of the Hythe and Sandgate Gas Company to extend the limits of supply of the Company to provide for the conversion of the existing capital of the Company and for other purposes. (Folkestone Gas.)

19. An act to authorise the sale of the Church of Saint John in Victoria Square in the city and county of Kingston upon Hull with the site thereof and the application of the proceeds of sale to the provision of a new church and for other purposes. (Saint John's Church Kingston upon Hull.)

20. An act to empower the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Wakefield to construct further waterworks to extend the time for constructing certain authorised waterworks to make further provision with regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes. (Wakefield Corporation.)

21. An act to regulate the expenditure on capital account and lending of money by the London County Council during the financial period from the first day of April one thousand nine hundred and sixteen to the thirtieth day of September one thousand nine hundred and seventeen and for other purposes. (London County Council (Money).)

22. An act for conferring further powers upon the North British Railway Company for authorising the construction of a road diversion for empowering the Company and the Haddington County Council to acquire lands and for other purposes. (North British Railway.)

23. An act to define the boundary between the limits of the Hornsey Gas Company and the Gas Light and Coke Company for the supply of gas and for other purposes. (Hornsey Gas.)

24. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Church Stretton. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation.)

25. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the City of Dublin. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

26. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Bangor. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (Gas).)

27. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bradford Burton-upon-Trent Buxton St. Helens and Warrington. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

28. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Margate Newbury Totnes the Middlesex Districts Joint Small-pox Hospital District and the District of the Wath and Bolton Gas Board. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

29. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Dover Hedon Scarborough and Sheffield. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

30. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Lancaster. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 6).)

31. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Provisional Order (Marriages) Act 1905. (Provisional Order (Marriages) Confirmation.)

32. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Halifax Corporation Act 1911. (Halifax Corporation Act Provisional Order Confirmation.)

33. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the City of Dublin and the County of Louth (two). (Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

34. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Stafford. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 3).)

35. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Carlisle Maidstone Nelson St. Helens and the Wandle Valley Joint Sewerage District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

36. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Westhoughton and the District of the Swinton and Mexborough Gas Board. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

37. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Ryde and Wicklow. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation.)

38. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries under the Land Drainage Act 1914 relating to Feltwell New Fen District and Feltwell Fen Second District in the County of Norfolk.

(Land Drainage (Feltwell) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

39. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries under the Land Drainage Act 1861 relating to a proposed Drainage District in the County of Salop. (Land Drainage (Lilleshall) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

40. An act to authorise the Aberdare and Aberaman Consumers Gas Company to raise additional capital to construct new works and for other purposes. (Aberdare and Aberaman Gas.)

41. An act to extend the limits for the supply of water by the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Tynemouth to authorise them to construct additional waterworks and to confer further powers upon them with respect to their water undertaking to make further provision for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Tynemouth Corporation.)

42. An act to confer further powers upon the Colchester Gas Company and to extend their limits of supply and for other purposes. (Colchester Gas.)

43. An act to confer further powers upon the Femdale Gas Company Limited and for other purposes. (Femdale Gas.)

44. An act to confirm agreements between the Great Central Railway Company and the Sheffield District Railway Company with reference to the latter company’s railway and for other purposes. (Great Central and Sheffield District Railways.)

45. An act to confer powers upon the Glen Bank Trustees and for other purposes. (River Glen.)

46. An act to confer further powers upon the Yeadon Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Yeadon Waterworks.)

47. An act to authorise the construction by the Clayton Aniline Company Limited of branch railways for the conveyance of traffic between their works and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway and for other purposes. (Clayton Aniline Company Limited (Railways).)

48. An act to authorise the construction of a reservoir by means of a dam across the Afon Ddu and the taking of water by the Conway and Colwyn Bay Joint Water Supply Board and by the Aluminium Corporation Limited for power purposes and for other purposes. (Conway and Colwyn Bay Joint Water Supply Board.)

49. An act to extend the limits for the supply of gas of the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Gateshead Gas Company to confer further powers upon that Company in connexion with their undertaking and for other purposes. (Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Gateshead Gas.)

50. An act to confirm a Scheme made by a Committee of the Lords of His Majesty’s Privy Council under the Municipal Corporation Acts 1882 and 1885 relating to Buxton. (Municipal Corporations (Buxton Scheme Confirmation).)

51. An act to confer further powers upon the Shropshire Worcestershire and Staffordshire Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Shropshire Worcestershire and Staffordshire Electric Power.)

52. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application of the Charity of Margaret Holligrave under the management of the Clothworkers’ Company. (Holligrave Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

53. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of certain Charities in the Parishes of Stony Stratford East and Stony Stratford West constituting and known as the Town of Stony Stratford in the County of Buckingham. (Stony Stratford Charities Scheme Confirmation.)

54. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of certain Charities. (Baptist Chapels Scheme Confirmation.)

55. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the Protestant Congregational Dissenters’ Chapel in the Parish of Bumham-on-Crouch in the County of Essex. [Burnham-on-Crouch Chapel Scheme Confirmation.)

56. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the Clear Proceeds of Sale of the Bethel Baptist Chapel and School in Infirmary Street in the City of Bradford. (Bradford (Infirmary Street) Baptist Chapel Scheme Confirmation.)

lvii An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the Particular Baptist Chapel and Trust Property in the Parish of Bradninch in the County of Devon. (Bradninch Chapel Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

58. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the Bethlehem Chapel in the Civil Parish of Tryddyn in the County of Flint. (Bethlehem Chapel (Tryddyn) Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

59. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of Pisgah Chapel and Property in the Civil Parish of Tryddyn in the County of Flint. (Pisgah Chapel (Tryddyn) Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

60. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of Moriah Chapel in the Civil Parish of Broughton in the County of Denbigh. (Moriah Chapel (Broughton) Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

61. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the Bethany Particular Baptist Chapel at West Cross Mumbles in the Parish of Oystermouth in the County of Glamorgan. (Bethany Chapel Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

62. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of certain Charities. (Congregational Chapels Scheme Confirmation.)

63. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charities called or known as the Workhouse Charities in the County Borough of Plymouth in the County of Devon. (Plymouth Workhouse Charities Scheme Confirmation.)

64. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Coatbridge Gas. (Coatbridge Gas Order Confirmation.)

65. An act to revoke a Codicil to the Will of the late Right Honourable Cecil John Rhodes and for other purposes. (Rhodes Estate.)

66. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Gamble Institute Gourock. (Gamble Institute Gourock Order Confirmation.)

