Local Acts passed in 1917, 7 & 8 George 5 c.1 - c.60.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol.55.
---

1. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1914 relating to the Ramsey First Hollow Drainage District.

2. An act to amend the capital powers of the West Kent Electric Company Limited and for other purposes.

3. An act to authorise the Mansfield Railway Company to raise further capital and for other purposes.

4. An act to confer further powers upon the South Staffordshire Mond Gas (Power and Heating) Company.

5. An act to amend the Yorkshire Registries Act 1884 in its application to the North Riding of the County of York.

6. An act for enabling the Aluminium Corporation Limited to arrange for the extinction of its participating shares and for issuing preference stock in satisfaction of such shares and for other purposes.

7. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Provisional Order (Marriages) Act 1905.

8. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the School Board of Perth.

9. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the King’s County and the Rural District of Newry No. 1.

10. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Lanarkshire County Council (Water &c.).

11. An act to transfer to the Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Tramways Company the tramway undertaking of the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Ilkeston and for other purposes.

12. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Haslemere and District Gas Company.

13. An act to confer further powers upon the London Corn Exchange Company to alter the capital of the Company and for other purposes.

14. An act to rearrange the capital of the Lancashire Power Construction Company Limited and for other purposes.

15. An act to authorise the Hemel Hempsted District Gas Company to raise additional capital to extend the limits of supply of and to confer further powers upon that Company and for other purposes.

16. An act to authorise the Lea Bridge District Gas Company to raise additional capital to confer further powers upon that Company in connexion with their undertaking and for other purposes.

17. An act to confer further powers upon the Gas Light and Coke Company.

18. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Kenilworth Gas Company and for other purposes.

19. An act to confer further powers on the lord mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Cork and the Cork Harbour Commissioners and for other purposes.

30. An act to authorise the Bristol Waterworks Company to construct new waterworks and for other purposes.

21. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Harbour and Tay Ferries.

22. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Essex and Herts Clergy Charity in the Counties of Essex and Hertford.

23. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the charity called or known as the Birmingham Churches Fund in the City of Birmingham.

24. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity known as the Church Lands in the Parish of St. Thomas in the City of Bristol.

25. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the Presbyterian Church in Victoria Street in the ancient township of Crook in the ancient parish of Brancepeth in the county of Durham.

26. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of certain charities.

27. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of certain Congregational Chapels Charities.

28. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the Parish of Ewerby in the County of Lincoln (Kesteven Division).

29. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1914 relating to the Swaffham and Bottisham Drainage District in the County of Cambridge.

30. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed Drainage District in the parishes of Wistow Cawood and Selby in the West Riding of the County of York.

31. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Epsom Rural District (Extension) Featherstone Garforth Horbury Otley Penistone and Rawdon.

32. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Stretford Gas Tonbridge Gas and Rickmansworth and Uxbridge Valley Water.

33. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Brownies Taing and Kircubbin.

34. An act to confirm a certain Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban District of Lisburn.

35. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Brighton Eastbourne Liverpool and Wells-next-the-Sea.

36. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Lowestoft and the Bridport Joint Hospital District.

37. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Bedwas and Machen to provide and run omnibuses to confer further powers on the Council with respect to the supply of water and for other purposes.

38. An act to confer further powers on the Seaham Harbour Dock Company.

39. An act to regulate the expenditure on capital account and lending of money by the London County Council during the financial period from the first day of April one thousand nine hundred and seventeen to the thirtieth day of September one thousand nine hundred and eighteen and for other purposes.

40. An act to confer further powers on the Urban District Council of Ebbw Vale in regard to their water and electricity undertakings to authorise the Council to provide and run omnibuses and to make further provision for the improvement health and good government of the district and for other purposes.

41. An act to amend the Barrow-in-Furness Corporation Act 1901.

42. An act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Ashton-under-Lyne with regard to their tramway and electricity undertakings to make further provision with reference to the purchase of the undertaking authorised by the Oldham Ashton-under-Lyne Hyde and District Electric Tramways Order 1896 and for other purposes.

43. An act to confer further powers upon the North Cheshire Water Company and for other purposes.

44. An act to authorise the Port of London Authority to construct further works for the improvement of the Port of London and for other purposes.

45. An act to confer powers on the Chepstow Water Company and for other purposes.

46. An act to provide for the conversion of the existing capital of the Sheffield United Gaslight Company and to authorise them to raise additional capital to change the name of the Company and for other purposes.

47. An act to authorise the Corporation of the city of Sheffield to construct a generating station and other works in connexion with their electricity undertaking and for other purposes.

48. An act for granting additional powers to the Colonial Bank.

49. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Caerphilly to provide and run omnibuses and for other purposes.

50. An act to empower the South Eastern Railway Company to alter and strengthen part of the Charing Cress Railway Bridge and for other purposes.

51. An act to confirm an agreement relating to the supply of electricity in the borough of Richmond (Surrey).

52. An act to alter the boundaries of the borough of Blackpool to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of that borough to construct additional promenades street improvements tramways and other works and for other purposes.

53. An act to authorise Sir W. G. Armstrong Whitworth and Company Limited to construct a branch railway in the city of Manchester and to provide for the conveyance of traffic between the works of the Company in the said city and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway.

54. An act to authorise the construction by Levinstein Limited of a branch railway in the city of Manchester for the conveyance of traffic between their works and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway and for other purposes.

55. An act to amend the provisions of the Manchester Corporation Act 1911 for the protection of the Cheshire Lines Committee and for other purposes.

56. An act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city and county of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to convey to trustees for the Royal Victoria Infirmary at Newcastle-upon-Tyne for the sick and lame poor of the said city and county and of the counties of Northumberland and Durham a portion of the Castle Leazes for an extension of the said infirmary and for other purposes.

57. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bognor Carlisle Lytham Swansea Watford the Ormside Joint Hospital District and the District of the Aspatria Silloth and District Joint Water Board.

58. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Boundaries.

59. An act to confer further borrowing powers upon the South Staffordshire Mond Gas (Power and Heating) Company.

60. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Port Glasgow Water.

