Local Acts passed in 1918, 8 & 9 George 5 c.1 - c.57.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, 1918.
---

1. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Carnarvon Halifax and Wallasey.

2. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1914 relating to Lotting Fen in the County of Huntingdon.

3. An Act to amend the Nitrate Railways Company Limited (Conversion of Shares) Act 1891 and the Nitrate Railways Company Limited Act 1901 and for other purposes.

4. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the Congregational Chapel and Trust Property in the Parish of Westgate on Sea in the County of Kent.

5. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Provisional Order (Marriages) Act 1905.

6. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Motherwell Water (Supplementary Supply).

7. An Act to confer further powers upon the Brixham Gas Company and to authorise the Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

8. An Act to confer further powers on the Yorkshire Electric Power Company and to make further provisions with respect to the supply of electrical energy in the area of that Company.

9. An Act for enabling Harrod’s Stores Limited to re-arrange its capital and to provide for the extinction of its founders’ shares and for issuing fully paid ordinary shares in lieu thereof and for altering the memorandum and articles of association of the Company and to increase its capital and for enabling Harrod’s Stores Founders’ Shares Company Limited to pay to its directors compensation for loss of office as directors of that company and for other purposes.

10. An Act to confer further powers on the Pontypool Gas and Water Company and for other purposes.

11. An Act to enable the British Red Cross Society and the Grand Priory of the Order of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerusalem in England to apply to the public advantage the residue of their property acquired for the purposes of the present war and for other purposes.

12. An Act to authorise the Chepstow Gas and Coke Consumers Company to raise additional capital to extend the limits of supply and to change the name of the Company and for other purposes.

13. An Act to confer further powers on the Aldershot Gas Water and District Lighting Company.

14. An Act to consolidate the Acts relating to the Railway Passengers Assurance Company and to extend the objects and business of the Company and to make new provisions for the government of the Company and the management of its affairs and for other purposes.

15. An Act to extend the periods limited by the Pontypridd and Rhondda Water Act 1913 for the purchase of lands and construction of works and to revive powers for purchase of lands.

16. An Act to authorise the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of West Bromwich to alter the wards thereof to increase the number of aldermen and councillors and for other purposes.

17. An Act to regulate the expenditure on capital account and lending of money by the London County Council during the financial period from the first day of April one thousand nine hundred and eighteen to the thirtieth day of September one thousand nine hundred and nineteen and for other purposes.

18. An Act to authorise the construction of additional docks, and other works at Belfast to extend the powers of the Belfast Harbour Commissioners and for other purposes.

19. An Act for empowering the British Gas Light Company Limited to expend further capital and to extend their works at Norwich to extend their limits of supply and for other purposes.

20. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Morecambe to provide and work motor omnibuses and for other purposes.

21. An Act to authorise the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the city of Londonderry to acquire additional sources of water supply and to construct additional waterworks to make a street improvement to provide and run trolley vehicles and omnibuses and to confer further powers on them with respect to the supply of water and electricity and to make further and better provision for the improvement health and local government of the city and for other purposes.

22. An Act to extend the powers of the County of London Electric Supply Company Limited with reference to the user of certain lands and the payment of interest out of capital and for other purposes.

23. An Act to amend the provisions for the local management of the borough of Sligo and to extend the rating powers of the Corporation of the borough and to extend the power of the Corporation to borrow and re-borrow moneys and to provide for the payment by the Corporation of the expenses incurred in meeting the demands of the county council of the county of Sligo and to confer on the Local Government Board for Ireland further powers of control in regard to the performance of their respective duties by the Corporation and the officers thereof and to amend the provisions relating to the election and duration in office of the aldermen and councillors of the borough and for other purposes.

24. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Nelson to construct additional waterworks to make further provision in regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes.

25. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation.

26. An Act to confirm Provisional Orders under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of proposed Drainage Districts in the Parish of Pinchbeck in the Holland Division of the County of Lincoln.

27. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed Drainage District in the Parishes of Ramsey and Woodwalton in the county of Huntingdon.

28. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Cork Lurgan and Tralee.

29. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the County Borough of Limerick.

30. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Newquay (Amendment) and Wednesbury Amendment).

31. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Bridport Sandown Scarborough and Shoreham.

32. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Glasgow and South Western Railway.

33. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Batley Bognor Lancaster Shrewsbury and Todmorden (Rural).

34. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Kendal.

35. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Swansea.

36. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Rothesay Tramways.

37. An Act to provide for the transfer of the electricity undertakings of the Mexborough and Swinton Tramways Company to the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Rotherham to extend the area for the supply of electricity by the said mayor aldermen and burgesses to make further provision in regard to their electricity gas and water undertakings and for other purposes.

38. An Act to authorise the Maidenhead Gas Company to raise additional capital to confer further powers upon the Company and for other purposes.

39. An Act to authorise the closing of the church of Saint Olave Southwark and the sale of part of the site and churchyard thereof and the Saint Olave’s Rectory the extinction of the ecclesiastical parish of Saint Olave Southwark and the merger thereof in other parishes and for other purposes.

40. An Act to confer further powers upon the Wandsworth Wimbledon and Epsom District Gas Company and for other purposes.

41. An Act to empower the West Sussex County Council to construct a new bridge and approaches across the River Adur at Shoreham-by-Sea and to transfer to the said County Council the rape bridges in the county of West Sussex and for other purposes.

42. An Act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and burgesses of the city of Bristol to construct additional dock works to extend the city and county of Bristol and for other purposes.

43. An Act to confer further powers upon the Shropshire Worcestershire and Staffordshire Electric Power Company and for other purposes.

44. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Birkenhead Matlock Bath and Scarthin Nick Newton in Mackerfield Rawmarsh and Swansea and the East Dean and United Districts and the Isle of Wight Joint Hospital Districts.

45. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Ashford Bradford Gainsborough Shipley and Sidmouth.

46. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Birmingham.

47. An Act to confirm Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Blackpool and Southport.

48. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Clyde Valley Electrical Power Company.

49. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Cowdenbeath Water.

50. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dunfermline District Water.

51. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Arlesey Gas Sheffield Gas and Trowbridge Gas.

52. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Waterworks Facilities Act 1870 relating to Llandrindod Wells Gas Hoylake and West Kirby Water North Warwickshire Water and Wey Valley Water.

53. An Act to confer further powers upon the Portsea Island Gas Light Company.

54. An Act to confer further powers upon the Gas Light and Coke Company.

55. An Act to authorise the South Metropolitan Gas Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

56. An Act to confer various powers upon the London United Tramways Limited and for other purposes.

57. An Act to authorise the Ipswich Dock Commission to construct additional works to alter the tonnage duties and the rates on goods which may be levied by them and for other purposes.

58. An Act to authorise the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway Company to make a railway and works at Londonderry and for other purposes.

59. An Act to authorise the Commercial Gas Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

60. An Act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Lancaster with reference to their waterworks undertaking the construction of street improvements and the local government of the said borough and for other purposes.

61. An Act to consolidate with amendments the Local Acts in force within and to alter the boundaries of the City of Sheffield to make provision in regard to the various undertakings of the Corporation to make better provision for the health and local government of the city and for other purposes.

62. An Act to authorise the acquisition by the South Suburban Gas Company of the undertaking of the Dartford Gas Company to confer further powers on the South Suburban Gas Company and for other purposes.
