Local Acts passed in 1919, 9 & 10 George 5 c.1 - c.122.
From The Public General Acts, 1919.
---

1. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow and South Western Railway (Ayr Harbour Transfer).

2. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Leith Harbour and Docks.

3. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the North British Railway.

4. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Standard Life Assurance Company.

5. An Act to confer further powers upon the Brentford Gas Company and for other purposes.

6. An Act to extend the limits for the supply of gas of the South Shields Gas Company to confer further powers upon that Company in connexion with their undertaking and for other purposes.

7. An Act for enabling D. H. Evans & Co. Limited to re-arrange its capital and to provide for the cancellation of its founders’ shares and to issue fully-paid ordinary shares in exchange therefor and for altering the memorandum and articles of association of that Company and to increase its capital and for enabling D. H. Evans & Co. Founders’ Shares Company Limited to accept such ordinary shares of D. H. Evans & Co. Limited in exchange for the founders’ shares of that Company and to pay to the directors of D. H. Evans & Co. Founders’ Shares Company Limited compensation for loss of office as directors of that company and for other purposes.

8. An Act to authorise the closing and disposal of the Church of St. George the Martyr in the City of Oxford and for other purposes.

9. An Act to confer further powers upon the Belfast Harbour Commissioners with respect to the levying of tolls rates and charges and for other purposes.

10. An Act to confer further powers upon the Dover Harbour Board with respect to the levying of tolls rates and charges and for other purposes.

11. An Act to increase the maximum rates dues tolls and charges leviable by the Blyth Harbour Commissioners.

12. An Act to increase the maximum rates dues tolls and charges leviable by the Bristol Corporation in respect of their dock undertaking and for other purposes.

13. An Act to increase the maximum rates dues tolls and charges leviable by the Dublin Port and Docks Board.

14. An Act to increase the rates dues rents tolls and charges authorised to be levied and to extend the period for the completion of works authorised to be made, by the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board and for other purposes.

15. An Act to confer further powers on the Newport Harbour Commissioners with reference to wrecks and abandoned vessels.

16. An Act to provide for the transfer of the business of the Bankers Guarantee Trust to the Alliance Assurance Company Limited and for other purposes.

17. An Act to confirm a Scheme approved and certified by the Board of Education under the Charitable Trusts Act 1853 relating to the Crossley and Porter Orphan Home and School.

18. An Act to further postpone the times for the repayment of moneys borrowed by the Swansea Harbour Trustees and for other purposes.

19. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Northampton Gaslight Company.

20. An Act to change the name and extend the objects of the Legal and General Life Assurance Society and for other purposes.

21. An Act to authorise the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough. of Hartlepool to acquire the ferry across the harbour at Hartlepool and to maintain improve and work the same and for other purposes.

22. An Act to authorise the Mansfield Railway Company to construct a branch railway in the county of Nottingham in extension of their authorised undertaking to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

23. An Act for changing the system of audit of accounts for the borough of Reigate and for other purposes.

24. An Act to authorise the Hartlepool Gas and Water Company to construct waterworks to confer further powers upon that Company in connexion with their undertaking and for other purposes.

25. An Act to sanction and confirm the construction by the Beccles Waterworks Company of existing works and for other purposes.

26. An Act to confer further powers on the Tees Conservancy Commissioners with respect to rates and dues.

27. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Stourport Gas Company.

28. An Act to confer further powers upon the Sunderland Gas Company to extend their limits of supply and for other purposes.

29. An Act to increase the maximum rates dues tolls and charges leviable by the River Wear Commissioners.

30. An Act to confer further powers on the Chepstow Water Company and for other purposes.

31. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Bridge of Allan Water.

32. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh and Leith Corporations Gas.

33. An Act to confer powers on the London County Council and for other purposes.

34. An Act to confer further powers on the Sheringham Gas and Water Company and for other purposes.

35. An Act to empower the Fylde Water Board to extend the periods limited by the Fylde Water Board Acts 1910 and 1912 for the purchase of certain lands and the construction of certain works to increase the charges for the supply of water and for other purposes.

36. An Act to confer further powers on the Llanelly Rural District Council in regard to their water undertaking.

37. An Act to authorise the Falmouth Docks Company to make additional works and to raise further capital and for other purposes.

38. An Act to extend the powers of the Conservators of the River Medway to make further provisions with reference to the tolls and charges to be taken by the Conservators to provide for the appointment of additional Conservators and for other purposes.

39. An Act to authorise the Newark Gas Company to raise additional capital to confer further powers upon the Company in connexion with their undertaking and for other purposes.

40. An Act to empower the Corporation of Stockton-on-Tees to work tramways to purchase and provide and run omnibuses to establish and work ferries across the River Tees and for other purposes.

41. An Act to incorporate and confer powers on the Stocks-bridge Gas Company and for other purposes.

42. An Act to authorise the Commissioners of the Port and Harbour of Waterford to levy rates on goods to provide for the appointment of the chairman and vice-chairman of the Commissioners to confer further powers on the Commissioners and to amend their existing Acts and for other purposes.

43. An Act to constitute the Corporation of Nuneaton the burial board for the borough to increase the number of the council to make better provision for the health local government and improvement of the borough to confer further powers upon the Corporation with respect to the supply of water and electricity and for other purposes.

44. An Act to authorise the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Poole to acquire the undertaking of the Poole Bridge Company and to make provision with regard to lands in the borough adjacent to the foreshore with regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough the establishment of a fund for the granting of superannuation allowances to officers and servants and for other purposes.

45. An Act to regulate the expenditure on capital account and lending of money by the London County Council during the financial period from the first day of April one thousand nine hundred and nineteen to the thirtieth day of September one thousand nine hundred and twenty and for other purposes.

46. An Act to increase the maximum rates dues tolls and charges leviable by the Manchester Ship Canal Company.

47. An Act to make further provision in regard to certain loans raised by the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Rotherham for the purposes of their electricity undertaking and in regard to the purchase of certain lands by them and for other purposes.

48. An Act to confer further powers upon the Bournemouth Gas and Water Company.

49. An Act to confer upon the Corporation of the City of Sheffield further powers for the construction of waterworks street improvements and tramways and for other purposes.

50. An Act to confer further powers upon the lord mayor aider-men and citizens of the city of Birmingham in regard to their tramway undertaking and for the construction of street improvements and for other purposes.

51. An Act to provide for the transfer to the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Blackpool of the undertaking of the Blackpool and Fleetwood Tramroad Company and to empower the said mayor aldermen and burgesses to construct additional tramways and a street improvement and for other purposes.

52. An Act to alter the wards of the borough of East Ham to increase the number of aldermen and councillors of the borough to increase the number of guardians representing the parish of East Ham on the West Ham Poor Law Union and for other purposes.

53. An Act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Leeds to acquire lands for providing further housing accommodation and to construct tramways street improvements and waterworks to extend the boundary of the city and for other purposes.

54. An Act to empower the London Electric Railway Company to construct a new subway and for other purposes.

55. An Act to empower the urban district council of Shoreham-by-Sea to construct a footbridge over the River Adur and for other purposes.

56. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Tynemouth to construct a new street and street improvements to provide and run trolley vehicles and omnibuses to make further provision with respect to the acquisition by them of tramways and light railways and to enable them to work the same to make further provision with respect to their water undertaking and for other purposes.

57. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of West Hartlepool to construct a tramroad a tramway and a street work and to provide and work omnibuses within and beyond the borough and for other purposes.

58. An Act to confer powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Middlesbrough with respect to tramways and omnibuses to authorise them to construct street works to incorporate the Teesside Railless Traction Board and for other purposes.

59. An Act to confer powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Workington with regard to the supply of electricity and for other purposes.

60. An Act for increasing the dues rates tolls and charges leviable by the Tyne Improvement Commissioners and extending the time for completion of works.

61. An Act to make provision for the transfer of the undertakings of the Longwood and Slaithwaite and the Kirkheaton Dalton and Lepton Gas Companies to the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Huddersfield to make further provision in regard to the gas undertaking of the said mayor aldermen and burgesses and for other purposes.

62. An Act for conferring further capital and other powers on the Dover Gas Company.

63. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Pembroke District Gas Company.

64. An Act to confer further powers on the urban district council of Bedwellty with regard to the supply of electricity and gas and for other purposes.

65. An Act to enlarge the powers of the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Birmingham in relation to the provision of housing accommodation and the acquisition of lands to authorise them to establish a savings and housing bank and for other purposes.

66. An Act to amend the powers of the Milford Docks Company of levying rates to revive the powers for the construction of a pier arid for other purposes.

67. An Act to enable the Stretford Urban District Council to purchase the undertaking of the Trafford Power and Light Supply (1902) Limited and to confer further powers on the Council in regard to their electricity undertaking to authorise the Council to provide and run omnibuses and to make further provision for the improvement health good government and finance of the district and for other purposes.

68. An Act to confer further powers upon the Londonderry Port and Harbour Commissioners and for other purposes.

69. An Act to consolidate the local rates leviable in the city and county of Newcastle-upon-Tyne and to make provision with respect thereto and for other purposes.

70. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1899 relating to Coity Wallia Commons in the county of Glamorgan and for purposes incidental thereto.

71. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Cowes and Findochty.

72. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Chepstow (Extension).

73. An Act to amend the enactments relating to the expenses of the Police Force of the City of London.

74. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Elstree and Boreham Wood Gas and Tonbridge Water.

75. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Birkenhead Blackburn Godalming Hyde and the District of the Heywood and Middleton Water Board.

76. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Ashborne Beckenham Liverpool Lytham Manchester Padiham and Rhyl.

77. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bacup Burnley Finchley Scarborough Swindon and the Hitchin Rural and Letchworth Urban Joint Hospital District.

78. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Chester and Lancaster.

79. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Lowestoft.

80. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the local Government Board relating to the District of the Southport Birkdale and West Lancashire Water Board.

81. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Morley and the Middlesex Districts Joint Small-pox Hospital District.

82. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the County Borough of Cork and the Urban District of Dungarvan.

83. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of certain Charities.

84. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity called the National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty incorporated by the National Trust Act 1907 (7 Edw. VII. cap. cxxxvi. Local and Private).

85. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity called or known as the Brooke Robinson Museum in the Borough of Dudley in the County of Worcester.

86. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of certain charities.

87. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of certain property in the Parish of Eatington in the County of Warwick used as a schoolroom in connexion with the Wesleyan Methodist Chapel in the said Parish.

88. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity called or known as Plumptre Hospital in. the City of Nottingham.

89. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the Baptist chapel and trust property in the parish of Headcorn in the county of Kent.

90. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Oldham and Chadderton Tramways and Thornaby-on-Tees Corporation Tramway.

91. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Harbour and Tay Ferries.

92. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Greenock Port and Harbours.

93. An Act to confer a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Ardrossan Harbour.

94. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Fraserburgh Harbour.

95. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Peterhead Harbours.

96. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation.

97. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Clyde Valley Electrical Power.

98. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Clyde Navigation.

99. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Scottish Widows’ Fund and Life Assurance Society.

100. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Victoria Infirmary of Glasgow.

101. An Act for empowering the City and South London Railway Company to construct new subways and works to raise further money to alter the periods during which the Company may pay interest out of capital and make up dividends on preference capital and for other purposes.

102. An Act to authorise the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Leicester to acquire certain lands for the purpose of a generating station to confer upon them further powers with reference to the holding and disposal of lands to extend the time for the construction of certain authorised tramways and for other purposes.

103. An Act to authorise the acquisition by the Ammanford Gas Company of the undertaking of the Garnant Gas Company to confer further powers on the Ammanford Gas Company and for other purposes.

104. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Granton Barbour.

105. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh Corporation.

106. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Fraserburgh Harbour.

107. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Arbroath Harbour.

108. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Wick Harbour.

109. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to West Hampshire Water.

110. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Scottish Amicable Life Assurance Society.

111. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under section eight of the Police Act 1893 uniting the Police and Fire Brigade Pension Funds of the City of Cardiff.

112. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Greenock Improvement.

113. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation Water.

114. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to the District of the Rhymney Valley Sewerage Board and to Warrington.

115. An Act to make amendments with respect to the Constitution and Endowments of the Foundation of the Military Knights of Windsor.

116. An Act to confer further powers on the Swinton and Mexborough Gas Board.

117. An Act to authorise the urban district council of Cannock to provide and run omnibuses within and beyond the urban district of Cannock and for other purposes.
---
118. An Act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Walsall with regard to their electricity undertaking to authorise the said mayor aldermen and burgesses to provide and work motor omnibuses on additional routes outside the borough to enlarge their powers in relation to the acquisition of lands and to make further provision with regard to the local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes.

119. An Act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Manchester to obtain a supply of water from Haweswater and other sources in Westmorland to provide for the transfer to them of the undertaking of the North Cheshire Water Company to make further provision in regard to their water and electricity undertakings and for other purposes.

120. An Act to incorporate the St. Just (Falmouth) Ocean Wharves and Railways Company and to empower that Company to construct wharves and railways in the county of. Cornwall and for other purposes.

121. An Act to empower the Shropshire Worcestershire and Staffordshire Electric Power Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes..

122. An Act to authorise the Gosport and Alverstoke Urban District Council to construct works and to establish a ferry undertaking to provide for the constitution of a joint board of that Council and the council of the county borough of Portsmouth for certain purposes in relation to Portsmouth Harbour and for other purposes.

