Local Acts passed in 1920, 10 & 11 George 5 c.1 - c.173.
From The Local and Private Acts, 1920.
---

1. An Act to enable the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company to increase the nominal amount of the ordinary stock of the Company.

2. An Act to provide for the transfer of the business of the Colonial and Foreign Banks Guarantee Corporation to the Alliance Assurance Company Limited and for other purposes.

3. An Act to amend Henry Bath and Son’s (Delivery Warrants) Act 1890.

4. An Act to confer further powers upon Price’s Patent Candle Company Limited to repeal certain provisions of its existing Acts and for other purposes.

5. An Act to extend the periods limited by the Abertillery and District Water Board Acts 1910 and 1914 for the construction of certain works and for other purposes.

6. An Act to make further provision in regard to the undertaking of the South Wales Electrical Power Distribution Company.

7. An Act to confer further powers on the Rugby Gas Company and for other purposes.

8. An Act to empower the Lee Conservancy Board to prepare a scheme or schemes for the regulation and mitigation of the flooding of lands in the watershed of the River Lee and its tributaries and for other purposes.

9. An Act to extend the periods limited by the Ebbw Vale Water Act 1913 and the Ebbw Vale Urban District Council Act 1917 for the purchase of certain lands and the construction of certain works and for other purposes.

10. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Farmers Land Purchase Company.

11. An Act to confer further powers upon the Lands Improvement Company.

12. An Act to confer powers on the Llantrisant and Llantwit Fardre Rural District Council with reference to the borrowing of money and the supply of water and for other purposes.

13. An Act for the abandonment of the undertaking and winding-up and dissolution of Penllwyn Railway Company and for matters incidental thereto.

14. An Act to authorise the Tyne Improvement Commissioners to acquire further lands and to levy increased dues rates tolls and charges and for other purposes.

15. An Act for confering further powers upon the Great Eastern Railway Company.

16. An Act to make further provision with respect to the water undertaking of the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Lancaster.

17. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Blaydon.

18. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Dublin Port Sanitary Authority the Urban Districts of Killiney and Ballybrack and Sligo and the County of Limerick.

19. An Act to provide for the redemption of the debentures issued by the Humber Commercial Railway and Dock Company and for an increase of the rent payable by the Great Central Railway Company under the lease of the Humber Commercial Railway and Dock Company’s undertaking.

20. An Act to authorise the Maidenhead Gas Company to acquire further lands for gasworks.

21. An Act to confer further powers on the urban district council of Risca in regard to their gas undertaking to authorise the Council to provide and run omnibuses and to make further provision for the improvement heath and local government of their district and for other purposes.

22. An Act to confer powers upon the urban district council of the urban district of Llandrindod Wells in the county of Radnor with reference to the utilisation of certain springs and the provision of pump rooms and baths to confer further financial and other powers upon the Council and for other purposes.

23. An Act to confer powers upon the Masham Urban District Council with regard to the supply of gas and electricity and for other purposes.

24. An Act to confer further powers on the Severn Commissioners.

25. An Act to confer further powers upon the North Metropolitan Electric Power Supply Company.

26. An Act to alter the rates for the supply of water by the Great Yarmouth Waterworks Company and for other purposes.

27. An Act to extend the time for the completion of street improvements at Spitalfields and to confer further powers upon the Corporation of London with respect to certain of their markets and in regard to the City of London Police and for other purposes.

28. An Act to repeal the exemption from rating of certain lands reclaimed from the River Thames.

29. An Act to confer further powers upon the Wandsworth Wimbledon and Epsom District Gas Company and for other purposes.

30. An Act to authorise the South Hants Waterworks Company to raise additional capital to confer further powers upon the Company and for other purposes.

31. An Act to consolidate and amend the constitution of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland and to provide for the management of its affairs and for other purposes.

32. An Act to sanction and confirm the construction of waterworks by the Tees Valley Water Board to authorise the Board to construct additional waterworks to make better provision with regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes.

33. An Act to amend the Mersey Railway Act 1900.

34. An Act to extend the period during which certain increased maximum rates dues tolls and charges may be levied by the River Wear Commissioners.

35. An Act to confer further powers on the Seaham Harbour Dock Company.

36. An Act for enabling the Tees Conservancy Commissioners further to improve the river and to reclaim further lands therefrom to create and issue new debenture stock and to raise further moneys and for other purposes.

37. An Act to confer further powers upon the Rochester Chatham and Gillingham Gas Company.

38. An Act to confer further powers on the Tyneside Tramways and Tramroads Company.

39. An Act to confer further powers on the Belfast City and District Water Commissioners.

40. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation.

41. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Motherwell and Wishaw Burghs (Amalgamation and Extension).

42. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Irvine Harbour.

43. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dumbarton Burgh Gas.

44. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886.

45. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Birkenhead Carlisle Carnarvon Llandudno Southampton Stockton-on-Tees and Weston-super-Mare.

46. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to St. Helens Spalding Stockport Tunbridge Wells Westhoughton Wimbledon and the Middlesex Districts Joint Small-pox Hospital District.

47. An Act to empower the corporation of Swansea to construct an aqueduct to consolidate the local rates leviable in the borough and to make better provision for the health local government and finance of the borough and for other purposes.

48. An Act to increase the rates and charges which may be taken in respect of the tramways of the Wrexham and District Transport Company Limited and for other purposes.

49. An Act to increase and alter the tolls rates and dues authorised to be levied by and the borrowing powers of the Upper Mersey Navigation Commissioners and for other purposes.

50. An Act to extend the powers of the company of proprietors of the Port of Portsmouth Floating Bridge with regard to the provision and running of steam vessels to increase the tolls authorised to be taken by them to authorise them to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

51. An Act to empower the urban district council of Wood Green to sell exchange and appropriate certain common or waste lands and to construct a new street and street improvements to make further provision with regard to the improvement health local government and finance of the district the establishment of a fund for the granting of superannuation allowances to officers and servants and for other purposes.

52. An Act to authorise the urban district council of Newtownards to borrow further money for their gas and water undertakings to make further provision with respect to the supply of gas and water and for the improvement and local government of the district and for other purposes.

53. An Act to confer upon the urban district council of Filey powers in relation to certain pleasure-grounds known as the Crescent Gardens and South Crescent Gardens and for other purposes.

54. An Act to provide for the transfer to the St. Annes-on-the-Sea Urban District Council of the undertaking of the Blackpool St. Annes and Lytham Tramways Company Limited and to empower the Council to run tramways and for other purposes.

55. An Act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Croydon in regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes.

56. An Act to empower the urban district council of Gelligaer to acquire lands and to construct street improvements to confer further powers on the Council in regard to their electricity undertaking to authorise the Council to provide and run omnibuses to make further provision with regard to the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes.

57. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Newport to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes.

58. An Act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Liverpool to construct an additional line of pipes to form part of the Vymwy Aqueduct and for other purposes.

59. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Folkestone to provide concert halls and entertainments to make further provision for the improvement and good government of the borough to provide for the increase of the number of the council and of the wards of the borough the consolidation of rates and other matters.

60. An Act to transfer and vest in the Council of the urban district of Redcar the undertaking of the Redcar Coatham Marske and Saltbum Gas Company and to authorise the Council to supply gas and for other purposes.

61. An Act to enable the Liverpool Copper Wharf Company Limited to issue transferable certificates and warrants for the delivery of goods and for other purposes.

62. An Act to increase the tolls rates and charges authorised by the Londonderry Bridge Acts 1859 and 1877.

63. An Act to provide for the consolidation of the rates of the borough of Bootle to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the said borough to make further provision for the health local government and improvement of the borough and with regard to financial matters and for other purposes.

64. An Act for conferring further powers op the Eastbourne Waterworks Company and for other purposes.

65. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Bridlington to construct a new street and street improvements to provide and run omnibuses and for other purposes.

66. An Act to authorise the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Nottingham and county of the same city to construct tramways and street improvements to run motor omnibuses on additional routes and for other purposes.

67. An Act to empower the Pontypridd Urban District Council to construct street works tramways and a tramroad to confer further powers upon them with regard to rivers and streams to make further provision in regard to the tramways and gas undertakings of the Council and for other purposes.

68. An Act to extend the boundaries of the borough of Portsmouth to authorise the Corporation of the borough to construct new tramways and to confer upon them further powers with respect to their tramway and electricity undertakings to consolidate the local rates leviable in the borough to make better provisions for the health local government and finance of the borough and for other purposes.

69. An Act to make further provision with respect to the tramway undertaking of the Rhondda Urban District Council to authorise the Council to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes.

70. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Wolverhampton to construct street improvements and to provide and work omnibuses to make further provision with regard to the tramway and water undertakings of the Corporation and for other purposes.

71. An Act to enable the South Metropolitan Gas Company to sell gas on a heat unit basis to make new provision as to charges for the gas and application of the profits of the Company to extend the powers of the Company to amalgamate with or purchase other undertakings and for other purposes.

72. An Act to authorise the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to construct further works and for other purposes.

73. An Act to enable the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Huddersfield to purchase the Ramsden Estate in the borough and adjoining parish of Honley and for other purposes.

74. An Act to constitute a Water Board for a portion of the Dearne Valley in the west riding of Yorkshire with power to acquire water undertakings and supply water and for other purposes.

75. An Act to confer further powers upon the Londonderry Port and Harbour Commissioners and for other purposes.

76. An Act to empower the Corporation of Halifax to construct additional tramways street widenings and improvements and to confer further powers with respect to their electricity and gas undertakings and for the consolidation of the local rates and for other purposes.

77. An Act to authorise the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Leigh to provide and run omnibuses within and beyond the borough of Leigh and for other purposes.

78. An Act to confer further powers on the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Sutton Coldfield.

79. An Act to empower the urban district council of Tredegar to construct additional waterworks to make further provision with regard to the supply of water gas and electricity and for other purposes.

80. An Act to amend the Weardale and Consett Water Act 1915 and for other purposes.

81. An Act to authorise the Great Northern Railway Company to construct a new railway arid widenings of railways and other works and to acquire lands and to confer further powers upon that Company to authorise the Great Northern and Great Eastern Joint Committee to construct certain works to authorise the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee to acquire certain lands and for other purposes.

82. An Act to empower the Central London Railway Company to construct new railways and the Metropolitan District and Metropolitan Railway Companies to enlarge their Aldgate East Station to confer further powers on those companies and for other purposes.

83. An Act to alter the boundaries of the borough of Blackpool to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of that borough to construct tramroads a tramway a promenade street improvements and other works and for other purposes.

84. An Act to authorise the Hastings Tramways Company to work a tramway authorised by the Hastings Tramways (Extensions) Act 1903 by electrical power on the overhead system and to construct the necessary works for that purpose.

85. An Act to authorise the construction of certain new works for improving the harbour of Dover the raising of further moneys by the Dover Harbour Board and for other purposes.

86. An Act to repeal and re-enact with amendments the Pontypridd Stipendiary Magistrate’s Act 1872.

87. An Act to extend the boundaries of the city and Royal burgh of Edinburgh and the county of the city of Edinburgh to extend the city parish of Edinburgh to transfer to and vest in the Corporation of the extended city the undertakings of the Edinburgh and District Water Trustees the Edinburgh and Leith Corporations Gas Commissioners and the Water of Leith Purification and Sewerage Commissioners to extend the limits of compulsory water supply and the limits of gas supply to construct tramways and works to provide and work motor omnibuses within the extended city to acquire lands to authorise the Corporation to make byelaws as to aviation to extend the time for the purchase of lands and completion of authorised works to borrow money to lend money to the Commissioners for the Harbour and Docks of Leith to amend and extend the Edinburgh Municipal and Police and other Acts and for other purposes.

88. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Coventry to construct street improvements and additional tramways to extend their powers for the running of motor omnibuses to make further provision with regard to the tramway gas electricity and water undertakings of the Corporation and with regard to the health local government and improvement of the city to provide for the consolidation of rates and for other purposes.

89. An Act to make provision with regard to drainage of premises to dwelling-houses on low-lying lands to establishments for massage or special treatment and to employment agencies and to confer powers upon the London County Council the corporation of the city of London and the metropolitan borough councils and for other purposes.

90. An Act to authorise the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Lowestoft to provide and work trolley vehicles and motor omnibuses to make further provision with regard to the supply of electricity with regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough the consolidation of the rates in the borough and for other purposes.

91. An Act to enable the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city and county of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to construct and work additional tramways and tramroads to confer upon them further powers with reference to the running of motor omnibuses and for other purposes.

92. An Act to empower the corporation of the city of Sheffield to execute certain street improvements and construct additional tramways to make better provision for the health and local government of the city to consolidate the local rates leviable in the city and for other purposes.

93. An Act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Southampton for the construction of tramways and to empower them to acquire lands for a hospital and for other purposes.

94. An Act to authorise the Brighton and Hove General Gas Company to raise additional capital to confer further powers upon the Company and for other purposes.

95. An Act to make provision for the transfer of the undertaking of the City of Norwich Waterworks Company to the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Norwich to empower the said mayor aldermen and citizens to construct a new bridge and other works and for other purposes.

96. An Act to constitute a Water Board for the county of Durham to empower the Board to acquire the undertaking of the Weardale and Consett Water Company and to supply water within the limits of supply of that company and for other purposes.

97. An Act to confer further powers upon the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Manchester with reference to the extension of their town hall and the construction of street improvements tramways and sewerage and other works to make further provision for the granting of superannuation allowances to their officers and servants and for other purposes.

98. An Act to authorise the South Suburban Gas Company to manufacture and store gas and residual products on certain lands and to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

99. An Act for incorporating the Derwent Valley Calver and Bakewell Railway Company and authorising them to construct railways in the county of Derby and for other purposes.

100. An Act to confirm an agreement entered into by the Admiralty for the acquisition of a harbour at Invergordon and certain properties rights and powers in connexion therewith.

101. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the City of Dublin the Urban Districts of Ballymena and Lame and the Rural District of Tralee.

102. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Provisional Order (Marriages) Act 1905.

103. An Act to confirm certain Pilotage Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Pilotage Act 1913 relating to the Pilotage Districts of Liverpool and Manchester.

104. An Act to confirm certain Pilotage Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Pilotage Act 1913 relating to the Pilotage Districts of Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway and Newry and Carlingford.

105. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Braintree and Booking Gas Great Marlow Gas Ilford Gas Stone Gas Taunton Gas and Watford Gas.

106. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Great Yarmouth Gas Mablethorpe and Sutton Gas Bristol Water East Kent District Water Mid Kent Water and South Kent Water.

107. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Airdrie and Coatbridge Tramways.

108. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Corporation.

109. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dunfermline and District Tramways.

110. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Leeds Torquay Wallasey and the Saint Austell Joint Hospital District.

111. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Chiswick Dartford Denton Orsett (Rural) Rochdale Rotherham (Rural) Southport the Thurrock Grays and Tilbury Joint Sewerage District and the County Palatine of Lancaster.

112. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Bognor Bradford Keighley Southend-on-Sea Tynemouth and the Rochester and Chatham Joint Sewerage District.

113. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Bradford Brighton Buxton Fulwood Gravesend Leek Manchester Neath Paignton and the Whitchurch and District Joint Hospital District.

114. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Birkenhead Derby Dunheved otherwise Launceston Great Yarmouth Wakefield and Widnes.

115. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Wallingford.

116. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Southampton.

117. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Lincoln.

118. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Hertford.

119. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Minister of Transport under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Gravesend Rosherville and Northfleet Tramways (Amendment) and Warrington Corporation Tramways (Extension).

120. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Minister of Transport under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861 relating to Harwich Llanelly Newlyn Padstow and Penryn.

121. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made, by the Minister of Transport under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Blackpool Deal Eyemouth and Truro.

122. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Acts 1861 and 1918 relating to an area drained by the River Ouse and its tributaries.

123. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Aberdeen Corporation.

124. An Act to confirm certain Pilotage Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Pilotage Act 1913 relating to the Pilotage Districts of the Clyde Dundee Fraserburgh and Peterhead.

125. An Act to confirm a certain Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban District of Lurgan.

126. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Chesterfield.

127. An Act to constitute a water board for Mid-Glamorgan with power to acquire certain water undertakings and works to construct new works and to supply water and for other purposes.

128. An Act to alter the wards and to increase the number of aldermen and councillors of the borough of Wallasey to authorise the Corporation to provide and work omnibuses to consolidate the rates of the borough and to confer further powers upon the Corporation with reference to the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes.

129. An Act to confer further powers on the Life Association of Scotland.

130. An Act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the High Wycombe Gas Light and Coke Company Limited to the Uxbridge Gas Company to extend the limits of supply of the latter company and to change their name and for other purposes.

131. An Act to authorise the acquisition and management by the urban district council of Exmouth for recreation and other purposes of lands and foreshore within their district and for other purposes.

132. An Act to provide for the substitution of a memorandum and articles of association for the provisions of the contracts of copartnery Royal Charter and private Acts now constituting and governing the North British and Mercantile Insurance Company and for the registration of the Company under the Companies Acts 1908 to 1917 as a company limited by shares and for other purposes.

133. An Act to authorise Lever Brothers Limited to construct wharves a railway and other works in the parish of Bromborough in the county of Chester and for other purposes.

134. An Act to amalgamate the City of London Court with the Mayor’s Court of London and for purposes in connection therewith.

135. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to New Windsor.

136. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Widnes.

137. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Alloa Water.

138. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Coatbridge Burgh.

139. An Act to amend the Royal Charters and Acts of Parliament relating to the Royal Bank of Scotland and to confer further powers on the Bank.

140. An Act to provide for the temporary guarantee by the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Sunderland over a period of years of interest upon certain mortgages created by the River Wear Commissioners and to make other provisions with respect to such mortgages and for other purposes.

141. An Act to empower the Corporation of Merthyr Tydfil to construct a street work to provide and work omnibuses and to provide recreation grounds and to make further provision with regard to the construction of waterworks and the supply of water by the Corporation and for other purposes.

142. An Act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Cardiff to construct additional waterworks to construct and work new tramways and to provide and use motor omnibuses to make further provision for the improvement health and good government of the city and for other purposes.

143. An Act to confer further powers on the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Llanelly in relation to their waterworks undertaking and for other purposes.

144. An Act to confer further powers upon the Dublin Port and Docks Board to increase the maximum rates dues tolls and charges leviable by that Board and for other purposes.

145. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Huddersfield to construct tramways street improvements and other works to confer further powers upon them with respect to their several undertakings and for other purposes.

146. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Yeovil to construct additional waterworks to increase the number of aldermen and councillors of the borough and for other purposes.

147. An Act to regulate the expenditure on capital account and lending of money by the London County Council during the financial period from the first day of April one thousand nine hundred and twenty to the thirtieth day of September one thousand nine hundred and twenty-one and for other purposes.

148. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Salford to make street works and improvements and to construct tramways and to provide and run motor omnibuses to confer further powers with respect to their water electric lighting and markets undertakings to make various provisions and to confer various powers in regard to the health and for the improvement and good government of the borough and for other purposes.

149. An Act to confer further powers upon the Manchester Ship Canal Company and for other purposes.

150. An Act to empower the Workington Harbour and Dock Board to construct a dock extension and other works to confer upon that Board additional financial and other powers and for other purposes.

151. An Act to increase the maximum fares rates and charges leviable by the London Electric Metropolitan District City and South London and Central London Railway Companies and to amend and repeal certain provisions as to workmen’s trains and fares.

152. An Act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and burgesses of the city of Bristol to construct new roads and a tramroad and other works and for other purposes.

153. An Act to extend the limits of supply of the Southend Gas Company to increase the standard price of the gas supplied by and to alter other financial provisions relating to the Company to empower the Company to establish profit-sharing schemes for their employees and for other purposes.

154. An Act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the city of Londonderry with respect to their electricity and water undertakings and for other purposes.

155. An Act to authorise the urban district council of Erith to carry out street improvements to confer further powers upon them in regard to their tramway undertaking and to make further provision for the improvement health and local government of the district and for other purposes.

156. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Inverness Water and Gas.

157. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Aberdeen Harbour.

158. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Brodick Lamlash Loch Ranza and Whiting Bay Piers.

159. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Trades House of Glasgow.

160. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Falkirk and District Tramways.

161. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Paisley Corporation (Inchinnan Opening Bridge).

162. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dumbarton Burgh and County Tramways.

163. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Port and Harbours of Greenock.

164. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the City of Dublin and the Rural District of Sligo.

165. An Act to confer further powers on the Derwent Valley Water Board and for other purposes.

166. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Minister of Transport under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Worthing.

167. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Minister of Transport under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Bangor (Co. Down) and Tralee and Fenit.

168. An Act to confirm a scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity called the Hulme Trust Estates (Non-Educational).

169. An Act to confirm a scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of certain charities.

170. An Act to confirm a scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the charity consisting of the Congregational chapel and trust property in the parish of Little Longstone in the county of Derby.

171. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Lanarkshire Tramways.

172. An Act to empower the London County Council to # make street improvements and other works and for other purposes.

173. An Act to consolidate amend and extend the statutory powers of the Port of London Authority and for other purposes.

