Local Acts passed in 1921, 11 & 12 George 5 c.1 - c.129.
From The Local and Private Acts, 1921.
---

1. An act to extend the time for the completion of the bridge over the River Thames between Blackfriars and Southwark Bridges.

2. An act to convert the shares in the capital of the Chatham and District Light Railways Company into shares of one pound each and for other purposes.

3. An act to enable the Liverpool Mineral and Metal Storage Company Limited to issue transferable certificates and warrants for the delivery of goods and for other purposes.

4. An act to amend the. capital powers of the South Metropolitan Gas Company and for other purposes.

5. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Forth Conservancy.

6. An act to confirm certain Pilotage Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Pilotage Act 1913 relating to the Pilotage Outport Districts under the jurisdiction of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond.

7. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the North British Railway.

8. An act to confer further powers on the Ionian Bank Limited and for other purposes.

9. An act to confer further powers on the City of Oxford Motor Services Limited.

10. An act to increase the rates for the supply of water by the Borough of Portsmouth Waterworks Company and for other purposes.

11. An act for authorizing the Bristol Waterworks Company to construct new works for increasing the charges of the Company for extending their limits of supply and for other purposes.

12. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Gas.

13. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Perth Burgh General Assessment.

14. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Hamilton Water and Gas.

15. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation.

16. An act to confirm certain Pilotage Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Pilotage Act 1913 relating to pilotage in the Pilotage Districts of Belfast Coleraine Londonderry and Portrush.

17. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Altrincham Ashford Barnes Gillingham and Ramsgate.

18. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Cleethorpes Loughborough Middleton Swansea and the Goole Joint Hospital District.

19. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Chadderton Glossop Ilfracombe Kettering Padiham and the North Staffordshire Joint Small-pox Hospital District.

20. An act to extend the area of supply of the Herts and Essex Waterworks Company Limited and for other purposes.

21. An act to confer further powers on the Westgate and Birchington Water Company and for other purposes.

22. An act to confer further powers on the Cambridge University and Town Waterworks Company and for other purposes.

23. An act to confer further powers on the Falmouth Docks Company to change the name of the Company and for other purposes.

24. An act to authorise the Sutton District Water Company to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes.

25. An act to confer further powers upon the Corporation of Preston with reference to their water undertaking to increase the water rates harbour tolls dock rates light dues and market tolls leviable by the Corporation to make better provision for the health local government and finance of the borough of Preston to consolidate the local rates leviable in the borough and for other purposes.

26. An act for altering the rates for the supply of water by the Eastbourne Waterworks Company and for other purposes.

27. An act to increase the tolls and charges leviable by the Limerick Market Trustees and for other purposes.

28. An act to make provision with regard to the union of parishes in the city of Westminster the ownership of St. James’s Vestry Hall superannuation allowances pensions and gratuities to confer various powers upon the Westminster City Council and for other purposes.

29. An act to confer powers on the Lymington Rural District Council with reference to the borrowing of money and for other purposes.

30. An act for extending the limits of supply of the Wrexham and East Denbighshire Water Company for authorising the Company to construct new works and to raise further capital for increasing the charges of the Company and for other purposes.

31. An act to transfer to and vest in British Dyestuffs Corporation Limited certain railways and works in the city of Manchester and for other purposes.

32. An act to amend the statutory provisions relating to the Tendring Hundred Waterworks Company to confer further powers upon that Company and for other purposes.

33. An act to make further provision with respect to the Cattedown Wharves Plymouth.

34. An act to transfer to and vest in the Mid-Glamorgan Water Board the water undertaking of the Bridgend (Glamorganshire) Gas and Water Company to extend the limits of the Board for the supply of water and for other purposes.

35. An act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of new railways and other works and the acquisition of lands to authorise the said Company and the Hull and Barnsley Railway Company to acquire lands and property and a portion of the undertaking of the Hedon Haven Commissioners to extend the time limited by certain Acts for the completion of works and for the compulsory purchase of land and for other purposes.

36. An act to enable the Earby Urban District Council to acquire the undertakings of the Earby Water Company Limited and the Kelbrook Water Company Limited and to make further provision in regard to the water supply of the district and for other purposes.

37. An act to constitute and incorporate a Joint Board consisting of representatives of the urban district councils of Radcliffe and Little Lever and to transfer to and vest in such Board the undertaking of the Radcliffe and Pilkington Gas Company and for other purposes.

38. An act to empower the Cardiff Gas Light and Coke Company to sell gas on a heat unit basis to make new provisions as to charges for gas and the application of the profits of the Company to confer further financial powers upon the Company to extend the limits of supply and for other purposes.

39. An act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Croydon to purchase a well and pumping station situate within that borough from the Metropolitan Water Board to confer further powers upon them in regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes.

10. An act to extend the time for the construction of new roads and works authorised by the Middlesex County Council (Great West Road and Finance) Act 1914 and the acquisition of lands therefor to confer further powers upon the Middlesex County Council in relation to the prevention of the pollution and obstruction of streams in the county of Middlesex to authorise the Council to establish superannuation and fire insurance funds and to regulate lying-in homes and for other purposes.

41. An act to confer further powers upon the Waltham Abbey and Cheshunt Gas and Coke Company to alter the name of the Company and for other purposes.

42. An act to confer further powers on the Wandsworth Wimbledon and Epsom District Gas Company and for other purposes.

43. An act to confer further powers on the East Surrey Water Company.

44. An act to incorporate and confer powers upon the Lochaber Power Company and for other purposes.

45. An act to amend the provisions relating to the method of charge by the Harrogate Gas Company for gas supplied by them and to the dividends on their ordinary capital to consolidate the ordinary capital of the Company to authorise the Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

46. An act to authorise the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Nelson to provide and work motor omnibuses to make further provision with regard to the supply of electricity with regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough the consolidation of the rates in the borough and for other purposes.

47. An act for authorizing the Sunderland and South Shields Water Company to construct new works and to raise additional capital for increasing the charges of the Company and extending their limits of supply and for other purposes.

48. An act to enable the Corporation of Colne to run omnibuses and to make further provision for the improvement health and good government of the borough.

49. An act to empower the Swansea Gas Light Company to sell gas on a heat unit basis to make new provisions as to charges for gas and the application of the profits of the Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.

50. An act to empower the London County Council to acquire lands to amend the law relating to employment agencies and lying-in homes and for other purposes.

51. An act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Manchester to construct an aqueduct in substitution for part of the Haweswater Aqueduct authorised by the Manchester Corporation Act 1919.

52. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the John Newland Endowment.

53. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Glasgow Deaf and Dumb Institution.

54. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Paisley Gas.

55. An act to confirm certain Pilotage Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Pilotage Act 1913 relating to pilotage in the Pilotage Districts of Arbroath Elgin and Lossiemouth Eyemouth Irvine Thurso and Wick.

56. An act to confirm certain Pilotage Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Pilotage Act 1913 relating to the Pilotage Districts of Billina Limerick Tralee and Fenit and Westport.

57. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Dover.

58. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Shaftesbury.

59. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Taunton.

60. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Bognor Paignton Westhoughton and Whiston (Rural).

61. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Oswestry Wakefield the Cranbrook and Tenterden Joint Hospital District the Crediton Joint Cemetery District and the North East Kent United Districts.

62. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Broadstairs and St. Peter’s Caerphilly Ripon Sheffield Southend-on-Sea Whitley and Monkseaton the Shrewsbury and Atcham Joint Hospital District and the County of Huntingdon.

63. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Bournemouth Gravesend Margate and Rotherham (Rural).

64. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Blandford Water Bournemouth Gas and Water Brompton Chatham Gillingham and Rochester Water and Woodbridge District Water.

65. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the County Borough of Belfast and the Urban Districts of Enniskillen and Pembroke.

66. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Provisional Order (Marriages) Act 1905.

67. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Minister of Transport under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Bridport Brighton Fowey and Llanelly.

68. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Newcastle-under-Lyme.

69. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Sheffield.

70. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Derby Doncaster Hemel Hempsted Newton in Mackerfield Runcorn Stockport and Swanage.

71. An act to confirm certain Pilotage Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Pilotage Act 1913 relating to pilotage in the Pilotage Districts of Arundel Berwick and Lancaster.

72. An act to confirm certain Pilotage Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Pilotage Act 1913 relating to pilotage in the Pilotage Districts of Aberdeen Ardrossan Ayr Inverness Montrose and Stonehaven.

73. An act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of St. Helens to construct street improvements and to provide and run omnibuses within and without the borough to consolidate the rates of the borough to make further provision with regard to the tramways gas water and electricity undertakings of the Corporation and the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes.

74. An act to consolidate with amendments the local Acts in force within the city of Liverpool to provide for the union of the parishes therein and to consolidate the local rates leviable in the city to authorise the construction of new tramways and street improvements and to make provision in regard to the various undertakings of the Corporation to make better provision for the health local government and finance of the city and for other purposes.

75. An act to increase the rates for the supply of water by the Southend Waterworks Company and for other purposes.

76. An act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Grimsby to construct and work tramways and to provide and work trolley vehicles to make street works and improvements to confer further powers with respect to their electricity and markets undertakings to make various provisions and to confer various powers in regard to the health and for the improvement and good government of the borough and for other purposes.

77. An act to regulate the expenditure on capital account and lending of money by the London County Council during the financial period from the first day of April one thousand nine hundred and twenty-one to the thirtieth day of September one thousand nine hundred and twenty-two and for other purposes.

78. An act to increase the tolls and charges to be demanded by the Lee Conservancy Board and the sums payable to them by the Metropolitan Water Board to enlarge the powers of the Lee Conservancy Board and for other purposes.

79. An act for empowering the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Southampton to acquire the undertaking of the South Hants Waterworks Company for equalising the rating of the said borough and for other purposes.

80. An act to amend the enactments relating to the payments to be made to the Conservators of the River Thames for the taking of water by the Metropolitan Water Board and by certain water companies to revise the tolls and charges leviable by the Conservators in respect of merchandise conveyed on and vessels using the said river and for other purposes.

81. An act to authorise the lease by the Minister of Transport to the London and North Western Railway Company of certain lands and works at Holyhead Harbour.

82. An act to alter certain of the provisions of the trust deeds regulating the issue of the preferred and deferred (North Eastern Railway) stock of the Stock Conversion and Investment Trust Limited to confer further powers on the Stock Conversion and Investment Trust Limited and upon the Railway Investment Company Limited and upon certain trustees of the Railway Investment Company Limited and for other purposes.

83. An act to constitute a Water Board for the Rhymney Valley with power to acquire certain water undertakings and works to construct new works and to supply water and for other purposes.

84. An act to confer further powers on the South Essex Waterworks Company to extend their limits of supply and for other purposes.

85. An act to empower the Hastings Tramways Company to construct extension tramways in the county borough of Hastings and for other purposes.

86. An act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Rotherham to make further provision with regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough to authorise the formation of a superannuation fund to provide for the consolidation of rates levied in the said borough and for other purposes.

87. An act to make provision for the transfer of the undertaking of the North Warwickshire Water Company to the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Coventry to establish a fund for granting superannuation allowances to officers and servants of the Corporation and for other purposes.

88. An act to constitute the Lancashire County Council the drainage authority for the administrative county of the county palatine of Lancaster.

89. An act to constitute a Water Supply Board for the Taf Fechan watershed to transfer to the Board certain waterworks and powers of the Merthyr Tydfil Corporation to authorise the Board to complete and maintain works and to supply water and for other purposes.

90. An act to authorise the Slough Trading Company Limited to construct a branch canal near Slough in the county of Buckingham for the conveyance of traffic between their works and property near Slough and the Grand Junction Canal and for other purposes.

91. An act to confirm an agreement between the corporation of Nuneaton and the corporation of Leicester with reference to the supply of water in bulk to empower the corporation of Nuneaton to construct additional waterworks to consolidate the rates of the borough and to confer further powers upon the corporation with reference to the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes.

92. An act to authorise the Corporation of Burnley to construct a street improvement and additional waterworks to extend the time for the construction of certain waterworks authorised by the Burnley Corporation Act 1908 to make further provision with regard to the omnibus tramways water and markets 1 undertakings of the Corporation and the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes.

93. An act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Wigan to construct tramways and a public slaughter-house to provide and work omnibuses and to acquire lands for street improvements to make further provision in regard to the gas water electricity markets baths and other undertakings of the Corporation and the health local government and improvement of the borough to confer powers upon the Corporation in regard to the prevention of flooding to consolidate the rates of the borough and for other purposes.

94. An act to amend the powers of the Metropolitan Water Board of charging for water supplied by them and for other purposes.

95. An act to confirm a scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the charity consisting of the Congregational chapel Sunday school burial ground and trust property in the parish of Frampton Cotterell in the county of Gloucester.

96. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Ossett and Wakefield.

97. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Carmarthen Kingston-upon-Hull Llandudno Melton Mowbray Morecambe Scarborough Southport Widnes and the Shoreham and Lancing Sea Defence District.

98. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Peterhead Harbours.

99. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under section eight of the Police Act 1893 uniting the Police and Fire Brigade Pension Funds of the City of Manchester.

100. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Minister of Transport under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Brixham Cowes Great Yarmouth. Limerick and Morecambe.

101. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow University.

102. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Barnsley.

103. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Stoke-on-Trent.

104. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Aberavon and Neath.

105. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Bridge of Allan Water &c.

106. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Aberdeen Corporation (Electricity Works Railway).

107. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Stirlingshire and Falkirk Water.

108. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the North British Railway (Burntisland Harbour Transfer).

109. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dumbarton Burgh (Water).

110. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Airdrie and Coatbridge Tramways Trust.

111. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Grangemouth and Stirling Water.

112. An act to confirm certain Pilotage Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Pilotage Act 1913 relating to pilotage in the Pilotage Districts of Barry Bristol Cardiff Gloucester Llanelly Newport Port Talbot and Swansea.

113. An act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Batley to construct additional waterworks to make further provision in regard to their water gas and electricity undertakings to make further provision for the improvement health and good government of the borough and for other purposes.

114. An act to extend the powers of the County of London Electric Supply Company Limited with reference to the user of certain lands and the payment of interest out of capital and for other purposes.

115. An act to empower the Metropolitan Water Board to make waterworks and to acquire lands and for other purposes.

116. An act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Leicester with reference to their gas water and markets undertakings and for other purposes.

117. An act to confer further powers upon the North Staffordshire Railway Company.

118. An act to define and extend the boundaries of the borough and parish of South Shields and to alter certain wards of the borough and parish to authorise the Corporation of the borough to provide and work omnibuses and to confer upon them further powers with respect to their tramway and electricity undertakings to consolidate the local rates leviable in the borough and parish to increase the tolls to be taken for the markets and fairs to authorise a certain street improvement and the purchase of lands and to make better provisions for the health local government and finance of the borough and for other purposes.

119. An act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Manchester to construct additional gasworks and to acquire the Stretford Gas Company’s undertaking to make further provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of the city and for other purposes.

120. An act to increase the number of councillors and aldermen of the county borough of West Ham and to alter the wards of the borough and for other purposes.

121. An act for conferring further powers upon the Rhymney and Aber Valleys Gas and Water Company and for other purposes.

122. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh Corporation.

123. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to East Lothian County Buildings.

124. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dorward’s House of Refuge (Montrose).

125. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Church of Scotland (General Trustees).

126. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Oban Burgh.

127. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Greenock Corporation.

128. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Perth Corporation (Waterworks &c.).

129. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Corporation.

