28

making Oath

that the Duties

are paid.

Exporter to give

Notice to the

proper Officer of

the Customs

when and where

he will put up

the Goods to be

exported*

Direct'on* for

the Cuffcm-

house Officers*

Penalty on Per-

fons molefling

Officers in exe-

cuting this Act.

All the Powers

granted by for-

mer Acts for le.

vying, collect-

ing, &c. the

Duties of Excise

on Beer, Ale,

Sec. shall be

practised in ma-

naging and col-

lecting the Du-

tiei granted by

this Act.

Penalties and

Forfeitures how

to be recovered

and applied.

Commissioners

under this Act

for Er gland, &c.

to have the fame

Powers as the

Commissioners

nf Exci!e upon

Beer and other

Liquors.

A Drawback to

be allowed the

Ifniverfltics of

Oxford and

Cambridge for

all Book* they

shall print in

Latin, Greek,

Ac*

C. 24. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

Commissioner of the said Port of Exportation shall give to the Exporter thereof a Debenture, expressing

the true Qualities and Kind of the Commodities so exported; and the Exportation thereof being certified

by the Searcher upon the said Debenture, the Cclledlor of Excile appointed to receive the Duties upon

Paper, in the County or Place where the fame was exported, upon producing the said Debenture so cer-

tified to him, shall forthwith pay to the Person so exporting the fame, or his Agent, the Whole of the

Duties which had been paid for the said Paper so exported as aforesaid; and if such Collector shall not

have Money in his Hands to pay such Debenture, then the respective Commissioners for the Duties on

Paper are hereby required to pay, or cuule to be paid, the said Debenture, out of any Monies anting from

the Duties imposed by this Act on Paper made in Great Britain.

4 XXXV. And, the more effectually to prevent the rtbnding such Paper/ be it further enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, 7 hat, fiom and alter the twenty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-one, all 2nd every Person that shall export any Paper for which a Drawback is to be allowed by

this Act, shall, before he or they ship any such Paper, give Notice in Writing to the proper Officer or

Officers of the Ciiltoms, to be appointed by the respective Commissioners of the Customs for that Purpose,

when and where he will put up the said Goods in order to be exported; and the said Commissioners of the

Customs are hereby impowered and directed to cause such Oificers to take Care to fee that the Stamp,

A4ark, Impression, or Device, put on each Ream or Bundle of Paper, according to the Directions of this

Act, be taken oft from every Ream or Bundle so intended to be exported, and the said Officer shall taka

an Account of the Quantities and Kinds of the Goods so intended to be expoited, and make a Return

thereof to the Officer that shall be appointed by the said Commissioners to receive the same, without Fee

or Reward for so doing.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever shall

assault, oppose, molest, or hinder* any Officer or Officers for the Duties on Paper, in the due Execution

of any of the Powers and Authorities given and granted by this Act, all and every the Party or Parties so

offending shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and jose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Di-

rections, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which 111 and by an A^l, made

in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled, /In Act for taking away the Court

of JVards and Liveries, and Tenures in capite and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Re-

venue upon his Alajejly in Lieu thereof), or by any other Law now in Force relating to his Majesty’s Re-

venue of Excile upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, arc provided and ellabiished, for managing, raising*

levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the Duties thereby granted, or

any of them (other than in such Cafes for which other Penalties or Provssions are made and piefcnbed by

this Adlj, shall be praelifed, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, col-

ledling, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said Duties upon Paper, and other the Commodities last

mentioned, hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions*

Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated in this p'eicnt AcE

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and For-

feitures, in relation to the said Duties by this Act imposed upon Paper, and upon Pasteboard, Millboard*

and Scaleboard, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods*

as any Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by

A£lion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at JTctlminfer^ or

in the Court of Stffion, Court of Judiciary, or Court of Exchequer, of Scotland respectively, as aforesaid 5

and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture (the said Penalty on the Ofhcer for not

giving or leaving a Copy of his Charge as aforesaid, only excepted), shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs

and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That such Persons ac, in pursuance of this

Act, shall be Commissioners for the said Duties on the several Sorts of P.ipcr, and ocher the Commo-

dities lull mentioned, to be made in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick utson Tweed, shall have

the fame Jurisdicflion, Power, and Authority, and may adjudge, determine, mitigate, and order, in all

Cafes and Matters relating to the fame Duties arising within the Limits aforesaid, as the Commissioners of

Excise upon Beer and other Liquors may or can lawfully exercise, adjudge, determine, mitigate, or

order, in the like Cafes or Matters in relation to the said Duties of Excise, by any Law or Statute now in

Force.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the Encouragement of

Learning, so much Money as shall from Time to Time be paid for the Duties granted by this Act for any

Quantities of Paper which iball be used in the priming any Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, or

Northern Languages, within the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them, by Per-

mission of the Vice-chancellors of the fame respectively, shall and may be drawn back and repaid in Man-

ner following 5 (that is to say), 7he chief Manager of the Press in each of the said Universities shall and

may, from Time to Time, make Proof by Oath, in Writing, before the Vice-chancellor, who is hereby

impowered to administer the fame, expressing therein the Kinds and Quantities of the Paper so used, and

how much the Duties thereof, payable by this Act, doth amount to; which said Gath in Writing being

certified by the Vice-chancellor, and produced to the Lord 7'realurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury

for the Time being, the said Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the 7'ime being, shall

forthwith from 7':me to 7'ime issue his or their Orders or Warrants to the respective Commissioners who

by this Act ire to manage the Duties upon Paper, to cause Payment to be made of such Money as the

Duties payable by this Act for the Paper so used in the printing of the said Books in the said Universities

as aforesaid shall amount to, the fame Payment to be made, without Fee or Charge whatsoever, and'

without

