The TITLES of the STATUTES.

thorp I/lands, fpcurP(l ifi Warehouse in this Kingdom,

to be taken out, on Payment or the British Plantation

Duties, and to cancel certain Bonds entered into for Pay-

ment of the Duties due thereon; for further continuing

certain temporary Acts for the Encouragement of Trad^;

and to repeal an Act, made in thetwenty-second Year of

his present MaieRy’s Reign, for allowing the Importation

of Goods the Growth of SaintChriRopher, Nevis, 0ni

Montserrat, into any of his Ajajejlys Dominions /V Europe

or America.

15. An Act for rendering mofeeffectual the Provisions con-

tained in an Act of the thirteenth Year of King George

the First, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Dying

Trade,

16. An Act for authorising the Treasurer of the Navy to

pay to the Q^ifon apd Naval Department Gibraltar,

the like Bounty for destroying certain Spamjb Sships of

War, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board

any of his Majest/s Ships of War taking or destroying

. Ships of War belonging to the Enemy.

17. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

*8/ An Act For rendering\he Payment of Creditors o^ore

equal and expeditious, in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland; and for making perpetual so much of an Act,

made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

as relates to B 11s and Promissory Notes.

19. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the last Session

of'Parliament, for compelling John Whitehill Esquire to

return into this Kingdom, and for other Purposes; and

for vesting in the said John Whitehill his Estate and Effects

forfeited iricbhfequence of the said Act; and forreftrain-

ing him from going out of this Kingdom for a limited

Time; and For discovering his Estate and Effects, and

preventing the traafporting or alienating the fame,

so. An Act for building a New Shire-hall and Guildhall for

the County , of Salop, and the Town of Shrewsbury, i n

the said County; and for the other Purposes thleiein

mentioned. ‘

fi. An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of

British and Irish Buckrams and Tiliettings, British and

Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton

mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed,

in Great Britain.

32. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of

Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Pro-

testant Purchasers.

513. An Act to prevent Prisoners in the Kings Bench Prison,

- or the Rules thereof, or their Families or Servants, gain-

ing Settlements in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr,

in the Borough of Southwark, and County of Surrey;

and for the Relief of the said Parift), with respect to the

Families of Prifopers in the said King's Bench, or the

Marshalsea Prison, or in the County Gaol, or House of

Correction belonging to the said County; for regulating

the Manner of chusing Overseers of the Poor; and for

appointing Colleftojs of the Poor’s Rates, within the

said Parish.

24. An Act or continuing an Act, made in this Session of

Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and

Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their

Shorters so far as the fame relates to the Realm of Great

Britain.

35. An Act to enable the Corporation of the Governor,

Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Con-

servators of the Great Level of the Fens, to fell their

Taxes of certain Lands within the Middle and South

Levels, Part of the said Great Level, which have been or

may be dug for Turf; and to apply the Money arising

from such Sale, towards discharging the Bond Debts

of

of the said Corporation upon Account of those Levels.

4. An Act to repeal fe much of two Acts, made in the

sixteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, as prohibits Trade and Intercourse with the

United States of America.

2;. An Act to ascertain and establish the Boundaries of and

between the Hospital of Bridewell and the Precinct there-

unto belonging, and the Parish of Saint Ann Black Friars,

in the City of London* s^s therein specified.

28. An Act for removing and preventing all Doubts which

have arisen, or might arile, concerning the exclusive

Rights of the Parliament and Courts of Ireland, in Mat-

tecs of Legislation and Judicature; and for preventing any

Writ of Error or Appeal from any of his Majesty’s Courts

in that Kingdom from beine received, heard, and ad-

judged, in any of his ^lajesty’s Courts in the Kingdom

of Great, Britain.

29. An Act for rendering effectui! an Act, made in the fix-

teenth Year of the Reign of his pretent Majrfly, for the

better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hun-

dred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk.

30. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Of^ces and employments \ and to

indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have

otpittjed to^registeror deliver in their Qualifications with-

in the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time

. for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Of-

ficers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns,

whose Admissions have been omitted to be Ramped ac-

cording to Law, or, having been Ramped, have been loft

or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Ad-

missions duly Ramped; and to give further Time to such

Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the

Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Soli-

citors.

31. An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and

watching, the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys,

and Passages, within the Parish of Saint Mary, at Rother-

hithe other wise Redrijfc, io the County of Surrey, and for

removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances

therein.

32. An Act for amending an Act made in the last Session of

Parliament, for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapptng, in the

County of Middlesex; and for providing a proper Work*

house and Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish ;

and for opening certain Communications, and making certain

Streets, within the said Parish.

33. An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts

passed in the sixth, tenth, fifteenth, and sixteenth Years of

the Reign of his present Majesty, For making a Navigable

Canal from the Trent to the Mersey; and a Branch from

the fotd Canal to Froghall, and a Rath way from thence t$

or near Caldon, in the County of Stafford.

34. An Act for removing certain DisabiUties and Incapa- ,

cities, occasioned by the Attainder of David OgHvy of

Airly Esquire.

35. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of

Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery*

36. An Act to discharge and indemnify the United Com-

pany of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies*

from all Damages, IntereR, and Lodes, in respect to their

not making regular Payment of certain Sums due, and

to become due, to the Publick, and to allow further Time

for such Payment 5 and to enable the Company to bor-

. row a certain Sum of Money; and to make a Dividend

of four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at MO*

summir, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

37. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the twentieth Year

of the Reign of his present Msyefty, intituled, An Act to

continue

Goog e

