326

C. 36. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii 1 III. A.D. >7 83-

c< the fortunate Tickets.* 500l. to each first-drawn Ticket of the first twelve Days; 1,000l. to ditto the

u 15th Day; 5,;co/. to ditto the 19th Day; 2,000l. to ditto the 22d day; 7,00 cl. to ditto the 25th and

44 28th Days; and 1,000l. to the last-drawn. Tickets of the last-mentioned Books to be roiled up and tied.

44 Publick Notice to be given of putting thcTickets into the Boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov, 17,

44 17^3. Method to be observed in drawing, &c. Number of the fortunate Tickets, and the sums, to be

44 printed. Disputes to be adjured by the Managers. Persons forging Tickers guilty of Felony. Of-

44 fenders (not in Prison) discovering Persons guilty to receive a Pardon, and 50/. Reward. Managers to be

44 sworn. Cashier may receive the bums subscribed before receiving the Lottery Book, giving a Note for

4' the fame; which {hall entitle the Bearer to a Ticket for every 10/. (o paid.. Contributors not making

44 good their Payments within the'Limes limited, forfeit their Dcpolits with respect to the Lottery 5 and

44 the TVkets for such Sums to be delivered into the Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury may

44 reward the Managers, (s7. as they shall think fit. The 480,000 /. for the Payment of the fortunate

44 Tickets, to be charged on any Supplies granted this Session; and shall be paid to the Proprietors,

44 without any Deduction, on March 1, 17S4, CV. Managers to give Notice of the Times for exchanging

44 T ickets for Certificates. Certificates to be numbered, C7. and signed, £57. No Fee to be taken for

44 receiving mr paying Contribution-money, or for any Receipts, L7- on Penalty of 20/. Persons faed in

44 Execution of this Act may plead the General Blue, and recover Treble Costs."

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England trading

to the East Indies^ from all Damages, interest, and LofTes, in resptft to their nor

making regular Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Publick, and

to allow further Time for such Payment; and to enable the Company to borrow a

certain Sum of Money; and to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Pro

prietors at Midfitmmer, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

arable.

Fecit.t of 2 t

Oeo. ill. c^p.

4 VJCTHEREAS the United Company of Merchants o f England trading to the East Indies, Hand

indebted to his Majesty, for Customs on Goods imported, in fundi y hums of Money, amounting

4 together to the Sum of three hundred ninety-six ihouland four hundred and sixty-six Pounds, two ShfN

4 lings, and Sixpence, after making certain Deductions and Allowances, to winch by Law the said Com-

4 pany are intitled, on due Payment of the said Customs on or before the respective Days on which the

4 fame become due; which said Customs became due at the femal and respective Times herein-after

4 mentioned; that is to say, the Sum of one hundred sixty-three thousand three hundred and sixty-

4 seven Pounds, twelve shillings, and four-pence, put thereof, on the first Day of December, one thousand

4 seven hundj^d and eighry-one; the Sum of one hundred ninety-one thousand tight hundred and sixty-

4 eight Pounds, four shillings, and eight pence, other part thereof, on the twepty-third day of January,

4 one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; the Sum of fifteen thousand nine hundred thirty-one

4 Pounds, and seven teen Shillings, other Part thereof, on the twenty-second day of February, one thou*

4 sand seven hundred and eighty-two; the Sum of two thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds, four

4 Shillings, and Sixpence, other Part thereof, on the twenty-third Day of February, one thousand seven

4 hundred and eighty-two; the Sum of twenty-three thousand one hundred forty-eight Pounds, and four

4 Shillings, Residue thereof, on the twenty-sixth Day of Feb? uay,, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

4 two: And whereas the said United Company also became indebted to his Majesty for Customs, on the

4 twenty-first Day o I March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, after such Deductions and

4 Allowances as aforesaid, in the further Sum of forty-two ihouland one hundred and five Pounds,

4 six Shillings, and Ten-pence; and will become further indebted to his Majesty, for other Customs on

4 Goods, before the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, in further Sums of

4 Money, to the Amount of two hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, or thereabouts: And whereas,

4 by Means of the said Customs already due, and hereafter to become due, nut being paid at the re*-

4 spective Times the fame became due, or shall become due, as aforesaid, the said Company, besides

4 losing the Benefit of the said Deductions and Allowances, are and will be liable to pay interest for

the fame, at and after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum: And whereas by an Act made

in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his prcft-nc Majesty, intituled, An Act for eftaldfung an

.4 Agreement with the United Company cf Merchants of England turning to the EMI Indies, for the Payment

4 of the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uje of the Pnb.uk, in full Discharge and Sntifaftion of

4 ail Claims and Demands of the Publick ft cm the Time the Pend Debt f the said Company %vas reduced to one

4 million five hundred thousand Pounds, until the fi'Jl Day cf March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one;

in respect of the territorial Acquijitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and also for ficuring

4 to the Publick in respect thereof for a Term therein mentioned, a certain Part or Proportion of the clear

Revenues and Profits oj the said Company, and for granting to the said Company, for a further Term, the

4 Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds should, by the said United Company, be paid into the Receipt

of his Majesty’s Exchequer, at the Times, and in the Proportions therein mentioned, the 1 a ft of which

Payments was of the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, and was to have been made on the fiift Day

of December^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one* for the Use of the Publick, as therein is

g 4 mentioned*

