68

Cl*wfe in for-

mer Act re-

pealed.

For contracting

with Scavengers.

Nuifanrei by

Filth, &c.

Penalty,

Times of empty*

ing Bo^-h'juica,

As.

Poet Pafhi to be

*foepc by the

Inhabitants.

5eita»«r»

*wy.

Fieri taT of Q»a*

k6t$two.

CommifBonefs

m\t r

C. 47.

City, or Suburbs, or Parish of Saint Clement, except between the Hours of Twelve at Night and Four

the next Morning, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten

Shillings.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Clause in the said A3 directing, that the said Streets

and other Places shall be swept and ckanlcd twice in every Week by the Contractor, shall be, and the

fame is hereby repealed.

XXXVIII. And be it further ena3ed, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or

any seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, from Time to

Time, to contract with any Person or Persons for cleansing all or any of the Streets. Lancs, public Paf-

sages, and Places, within the said. University, City, Or Suburbs, or Parish of Saint Clement, twice at the

least in every Week, which Contract or Contracts shall specify the Work to be done, the Manner of,

and the Times fordoing it, and the Price or Prices to be paid for the fame, and a Penalty or Penalties to

be suffered for Non-performance thereof, and the Lmc (lull be signed by the said Commissioners, or any

seven or more of them, and the Person or Persons contracted with; but, previous to the making of any

such Contrail, the like Notice shall be given of the Intention, as is by the said A it direiled, previous to

the making Contrails for Paving : And the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby

authorised and impowered to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as they (t all so contrail or agree for out

of the Money to arise by virtue of the said former Act and this Act, for the Purposes of cleansing aiul

lighting.

XXXIX. And be it further enailed. That no Person or Persons shall throw, cast, or lay, or caofe to

be thrown, cast, or hid, any A£hes, Filth, Offal, Dust, Dirt, Rubbifti, broken Glais, or Larthrn Ware,

or other Annoyance whatsoever, in any of the Streets, Lanes, public Paffigcs, or Places, within the said

Univeifity, City, or Suburbs, or Parish of Saint Clement, or before any public Building, College, or Hall,

or any Dwelling-house, Shop, Stable, or other Building, or Wall, in any or either of the said Streets,

Lanes, public Passages, ot Places, but shall keep, or cause the fame to be kept, within their resptilive

Houses, Buildings, or Yards, until such Time as the Scavenger, or other Person or Persons contracted

with or employed, under the Powers of the said former A3 and this A<3, to carry away such Allies, Filth,

Offal, Dult, Dirt, Rubbi(h, broken Glass, or Earthen Ware, do come by or near their Houses, Doors,'

or Places, with a Cart or other Conveniency for carrying away the fame, and then shall carry, or cause

to be carried, the said Ashes, Filth, and other Matters and Things as aforesaid, out of their Houses,

Buildings, or Yards, and deliver the fame to such Scavenger, or other Person or Persons, upon Pain of

forfeiting, for the first Offence, the Sum of five Shillings ; for the second Offence, the Sum of seven Shil-

lings and Sixpence; and for the third and every fubrequent Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings.

XL. And be it further ena3ed, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall begin to empty any

Bog-house, or to take away any Night Soil from any House or Place within the said University, City, or

Suburbs, or Parish of Saint Clement, before the Hour of Twelve of the Clock in the Night, or shall con-

tinue to take away the fame after the Hour of Five of the Clock in the Morning from Michaelmas to Lady-

day, or after the Hour of Four of the Clock in the Morning from L'idy day to Michaelmas; or if ai>y

Person shall put or cast, or C3ufe to be put or cast, out of any Cart, Tub, or otherwise, in or near any

Street, Lane, public Passage, or Place, within the said University, City, Suburbs, or Parish of Saint

Clement, or within Half a Mile thereof, any such Night Soil, every Pci (on and Persons so guilty of any

such Offence or Offences, shall, for each such Offence, foifcit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty

Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings.

, 4 XLI. And whereas, by a Clause in the said A3, Dire3ion is given for (weeping and cleansing the

4 Foot Paths within the said University, City, and Suburbs, and Parish of Saint Clement : And whereas

* fomc other Direction is necessary to be given for that Purpose :* Be it further enabled. That, from and

after the passing of this A3, the said Clause, and every Part thereof, shall be, and is hereby declared to

be then repealed; and that from thenceforth all and every Person and Persons inhabiting within the taid

University, City, or Suburbs, or Parish of Saint Clement, shall fwerp and clean, or cause to be swept and

cleansed, the Foot Paths before their respe3ive Colleges, Halls, Houses, Buildings and Walls, upon

every Monday, JVeclnefday, and Friday, in the Year, between the Hours of Six and Nine in the Morning,

‘and upon every Saturday in the Year between the Hours of Three in the Afternoon and Nine ar Night,

upon Pain of forfeiting, for the first Negle3 therein, the Sum of five Shillings ; for the second Offence,

the Sum of seven Shillings and Sixpence ; and for the third and every subsequent Offence, the Sum of ten

Shillings; and the Person or Persons complained of, or informed against, (hdl prove that the Directions

of the A3 had been complied with, or otherwise shall pay the respe3ive Penalties.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further ena3cJ, That the Scavenger employed under the said former

A3> ar.d this A3, shall carry away the Filth, Dull, Allies, and other Things, which shall be brought

but imm any House, Building, or Yard, as aforesaid; and also the Sweepings of the Streets, and other

Places, immediately after the respe3ive Streets, and other Places, (h 11 have been swept, and shall like-

wi(e sweep and cleanse, twice in every Week, all Foot Paths that du not acj no to tome College, Hall,

or House, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Neglect therein respectively over

and besides what Penalty he or they shall be liable to by Breach of Contract.

4 XLIII And whereas, by the said former A3, it is provided and declared. That no Person shall be

capable of a3ing as a Commissioner in the Execution thereof, unless he shall be in his own Righ , or in

4 Right of his Wife, in the a3ual Possession, or Receipt of Lands, Tenements, or H* redit ^ments, of the

4 clear yearly Value of forty Pounds, or possefTed of, or inert led to, a personal Estate of eight hundred

4 Pounds, under the Penalty in the said A3 contained :* Fos further Security against improper Persons

presuming to a3, it is hereby further enacted. That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person

shall be capable of a3ing as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said former A3 or this A3, until he

7 £haH

