A

T A B L E

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the twenty-third Year of the Reign

of George III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 23 Georgii III.

!• \ N Act to permit the Importation of Wheat*

jLA Wheat Flour, Rye* Rye Flour* Barley, and all

JL Jk Sorts of Corn* Grain* and Meal, upon Pay-

ment of the low Duties therein mentioned, for a limited

Time.

2. An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of

Parliament* intituled, An Act more effectuath to prevent

his Majesty s Enemies from being Supplied with obits orVef-

Jets from Great Britain.

3. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

4. An Act for continuing and granting toliis Majesty cer-

tain Duties upon Malt* Mum, Cyder* and Perry, for

the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-three.

5. An Act for continuing an Act* passed in the twenty-

second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for refraining Sir Thomas Rymbold Baronet,* and

> Feter 'Perring Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom* for

• -a limited Time; and for discovering their Efiatcs and Ef~

fists% and preventing the transporting or alienating the

fame.

6. An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the re-

gulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval

Officers in America ; to the allowing the Exportation of

certa;n Quantities of Wheat* and other Articles, to his

Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; to the permitting

the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this King-

dom to the British Sugar Colonies.or Plantations in the

West Indies; and to the repealing the Duties upon Pot

•and Pearl Arties, Wood and Weed Ashes, imported in-

. to Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu

thereof.

Vqu XIV. Part-Ill.

7. An Act for the Regulation of his Majest/s Marin*

Forces while on Shore.

8. An Act for continuing several Afls passed for the better

Regulation of Laftage and Ballaftage in the River Thames•

9. An Act for allowing the Importation of Rice, Paddy*

Indian Corn* Indian Meal* and Maize, fsee from Duty,

for a limited Time.

10. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the

nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty* fir

allowing the Importation of Jim orgarrzaned Italian Thrown

Silk in any Ships or Vessels* for a limited Time.

11. An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-fourth

Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled*

An Act for the more effectual Securing the Duties upon To-

bacco \ to prohibit the Importation of Currants into

Great Britain in small Packages; to repeal such Part of

the Proviso in an Act of the eighteenth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, as permits Portugal and Spanish

Wines* and other Wines (except French Wines) to be

imported in small Calks for private Ufc; and for taking

off the Inland Duty payable upon the Importation or

Cocoa Nuts into .this Kingdom* upon the Exportation

thereof as Merchandize.

12. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or

Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty-three.

13. An Act for more effectually draining and preferring

certain Lands and Grounds within the Level of Hatfield

Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Tork9 Lin-

cofoy and Nottingham.

14. An Act for allowing the Importation of Goods from

Europe in Neutral Ships into the Islands of Saint Christo*

pbevy Nevis, Montferraty Dominica, Saint Vincent, Gre~

naday and the Grenadines ; and of Goods the Produce or

Manufacture of the said Islands, and of Tobago and Saint

Lucia, from thence into this Kingdom, in such Ships, tip-

on Payment of the British Plantation Duties, for a limited

Timej for permitting certain Goods* the Produce of

c .t those

