further conti-

nued until

June j, 1781.

Several CUufei

n an Act 5

Geo. 1. aga\nft

cJandtftir.e run-

ning (A uncuf*

tomed Gocdtr

&c.

further conti-

nued until

Sept. 29, 1788,

&c.

Ad 8 Geo. I. to

prevent the clan-

destine running

of Goods, and

the Danger of

Infection there-

by, &c.

further conti-

nued until

Sept. 29, 1788#

Ad 5 Geo. II.

for encouraging

the Growth of

Coffee in Ame-

rica,

(eacept, &c.)

further conti-

nued until

June »4>

4cc.

Ad 5 Geo. If.

to prevent the

committing of

Frauds by Bar.k-

lupts.

C. 29. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. I7$r*

Merchandize, from Great Britain, to certain Towns, Ports, or Places, in North America, which are or a,ay

be under the Protection of his Majesiys Arms; and from such Towns, Portsy or Places, to Great Britain, and

other Parts of his Majesiys Dominions), which was to be in Force until the first Day of June, 1 r tltouf.md

seven bundled and eighty-one; ftvftl be, and the fame is hereby further continued uinil the hilt Day uf

June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Clauses in an AS\, nude in

the fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First (intituled, /in A:1 agatvjl clau.ujlinc run-

ning of uncuflcmed Goods. and for the more effectual pit venting of Ft ands relating to the C%1-ms), relating to

such foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, as shall be taken in at Sea out cf an\ Top or Vifui, in

order to be landed or put into any other Ship or Vcflll or Beat; and a!so relating to Go ds not reported,

and found after clearing Ships; and whereby further Remedies aic provided agamil Maiming Gucnis pro-

hibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and foreign Goods {hipped out for Parts beyond the Seas; and re-

lating to the opening or altering the Patkjge of Gocds on board of Ships outward bound; ami also relating

to hovering Ships or Vefltls of the Burthen of fifty Tons or under; and also concerning th: Bales or

Package in which Coffee (lull be exported; and also relating to Rum imported in Ca lies or VeiLte net

containing twenty Gallons at the least; and also relating to CcrtificatcGnods entered in order to b- ex-

ported to Ireland; which were to have Continuance for the Term of three Years, from the several Times

of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next St {Ron of ITriiamt nt re-

speflively; and which, by several subsequent Acts, pissed in the ninth Year of his ft.id Majesty’* Reign,

and in the second, eighth, fifteenth, fifteenth, twentieth, twenty-seventlr, and thirty-third Years of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the seventh and fourteenth Years of the Reign

of his present Majesty, were further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day

of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the hnJ of the then next

Session of Parliament; shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of

September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament. '

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the eighth Year of the

Reign of his Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act to prevent the clandejiiue funning cf Goods,

and the Danger of Infection thereby; and to prevent Ships breaking their Sjuarentinc; and (0 fubjofl Copper Ore,

of the Production of the British Plantations, to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like

Production are subject), which was to be in Force for two Years, from the twenty-fifth I)av of ALrcb,

one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament; and which, by several subsequent Afte (except the Clauses obligirg all Ships and Vcliels to per-

form Quarentine), was to have further Continuance to the first Day cf June, one thousand seven hundred

and forty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an

Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was intended to

be further continued to the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, but determined by Mistake

the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven was inserted therein, instead of the Kid Year one

thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; and which, by several subsequent AdR, made in the twenty-first*

twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the sevenih an #four-

teenth Years of the'Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until

the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand liven hundred and eighty-one, 2nd from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament; {hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued un il the

twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End

of the then next Session of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an A£\, made in the fifth Year of* the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the encouraging the Growth cf C^tfec in I is Majesty s

Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fifth D*.y of Almch, one thou-

sand seven hundred and thirty-five, until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand ftven hundred.arvd

thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several

subsequent Acts, made in the eleventh, nineteenth, twenty fifth, and thirty-second Years of his Kid late

Majesty’s Reign, and of the fix th and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further

continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand (even hundred

and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; except tuch Part

thereof as relates to the Importation and Exportation of foreign Coffee into and from the hritljh Colonies

and Plantations in America; shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-fourth

Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fifth Yopr of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds

by Bankrupts), which was to continue in Force from the,rwenty-fourth Day of June, ore thousand seven

hundred and thirty-two, for the Space of three Years, and fresh* thence to the End of the then next Sef-

fion of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acte, made in the ninrh and sixteenth Years of his

said Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven

hundred and fifty; and, by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Rergn of his said late Majesty,

was amended, and further continued until the fiiftDay of September, one thousand {even hundred and

fifry-seven; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the thirty-first Year of his said late Majestyte

Reign, and the fourth Year of the Rci^n of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-

ninth Day of September, one thousand ftven hundred and seventy-one; and which, by an Act made in the

twelfth Year of his piefent Majesty’s Reign, was amended, ana further continued until the twenty-nintH

S >gl

