3io

So flinch of the

AanGeo.III.

at relate* to Sills

and Promissory

Note*, made per-

petual.

Commencement

and Continuance

tf thii Act»

Preamble.

Recital of It

Ceo, 111. tap.

«*.

The recited A&

repeal.

All ProceelinsB

upon the former

Act dectar-rd

*oH, and Mr.

"Whitch* II rffto-

red to hit Eilatf 9

dtc.

Mr. Whirehill

restrained from

aoinp out «~r rhe

Kingdom *cf«»e

Feb.I. 17^4 and

to enter into Re-

cognizance for

that Purpose

with Surturn.

C. 19. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

Court shall think proper to devifeor appoint, confidently with the general Plan of the said late Act of Par-

liament; and to the Effect of obtaining an equal Distribution of such personal Estate, in Terms of the said

late Act; which the Court, or Lord Ordinary, may allow, unless sufficient Cause is shewn to the con-

trary.

4 LV. And whereas it hath been found by Experience, that so much of the said Act, made in the twelfth

4 Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to Bills and Promissory Notes, hath been of great

4 Advantage to the Trade and Commerce of that Part of Great Britain called Scotlandf be it therefore

enacted, That so much, and such Part of the said.Act, shall be, and the fame is hereby made perpetual: And

that all the Poweis, Authorities, and Regulations contained in this Act, for rendering the Payment of Credi-

tors more equal and expeditious, shall take Place and have Continuance, from and after the Expiration of

this present Session of Parliament, and from thence for and during the Term of seven Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for compelling John

Whitehill Esquire, to return into this Kingdom, and for other Purposes; and for veil-

ing in the said John Whitehill his Estate and Effects forfeited in consequence of the

said Act; and for restraining him from going out of this Kingdom fora limited Time;

and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating

the fame.

4 WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the last Session of Parliament, (intituled, An Act

4 Yv for competing John Whitehill Esquire to return into this Kingdom; and for retraining him, in case

4 of his Return, from going out of this Kingdom for a limited Time *, and for discovering his Estate and Effects*

4 and preventing the transporting or alienating of the fame\) reciting, That the said John Whitehill, then-

4 tofore Governor and President of the'Settlement of Fort Saint George on the Coast of Corromandel, in the

4 East Indies, and Member of the Council of the Select Committee of the Settlement aforesaid,

• appeared, from various Papers and Records of the United Company of Merchants of England trading

4 to the East Indies, by reason of his Conduct as Governor and one of the Council and of the Select Com-

4 mittee of the Settlement aforesaid, to be a fit Object of Justice in Parliament; and reciting. That ihe

4 said John Whitehill was then out of this Kingdom: And to the End that the Person, and Estates real

4 and personal, of the said John Whitehill, might be forthcoming and secured, so as to be liable to Justice

4 in Parliament, it is thereby (among other Things) enacted. That if the said John Wloitehill did not

4 return into this Kingdom within the Time by the said Act limited and appointed for that Purpose,

4 so as to be liable to Justice in Parliament^ then and in such Cafe he the said John Whitehill should

4 forfeit to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all and singular his Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments,

4 Goods, Chattels, Debts, and personal Estate, of what Nature or Kind soever: And it is also thereby

4 enacted. That all and every the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Monies,

4 and other personal Estate, of what Kind or Nature soever, of him the said John Whitehill, which should be

4 forfeited and recovered by virtue of the said Act, should be paid and answered into the Receipt of

4 his Majesty*s Exchequer, there to remain for the future Disposition of Parliament: And whereas the

4 said John Whitehill hath since voluntarily returned into, and now remains, in this Kingdom, and is

4 amenable to Justice in Parliament; but inasmuch as his said Return was not until after the Expira-

4 tion of the Time limited by the said Act for that Purpose, by reason whereof, and by virtue of the

4 said Act, all and singular his Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts* and personal

4 Estate, became forfeited to his Majesty, subject to the Disposition of Parliament: And whereas the

4 respective Times by the said Act limited for the said John Whitehill to enter into Recognizance for his

4 Continuance in this Kingdom, and for his delivering an Inventory of his Estate and Effects, and for the

4 Examinations therein mentioned touching the fame, are expired, and it being just and expedient that

4 further Time be allowed for thofa Purposes :* May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conient of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame, That the said recited Act, and the several Clauses and Provisions therein contained, shall be, and

the lame is and are hereby, repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Proceedings upon the said recited Act,

touching'the said Fo'feituie, which may have been heretofore commenced, shall be, and the fame are

hereby declared to be null and void ; and that the said John Whitehill shall be, and he is hereby restored to

all and singular his Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, real and personal Estate, Monies, Debts, and

Effects, of whar Nature or Kind soever, which he hath forfeited by the fa d Act, and that the fame shall

be vetted in and belo fg to hon, in as large, full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Pur-

poses, as the fame were veiled in and did belong to him immediately before the passing the said Act, or as

if the said Aci had never been made.

III. Pr vided neveuhtiefs, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That he the said John Whitehill

Enquire (had not go or depart out of the Kingdom before the first Day of February, one thousand seven hun-

dred and eighty-four; and that the said John Whitehill Esquire shall, within the Space of twezry-eight

Days next afrer rhe passing this Act, in due Form of Law, enter into one or more Recognizance or Recog-

nizances to his Majesty, with two or more (uflicient Sureties, before the Lord Chief Baron, or two otner

