The TITLES of the STATUTES.

from alienating or otherwise disposing of their respective

real Estates,

61. An A Gt for vesting in Henry Earl of Pembroke, his heirs

and Assigns, for ever, the Fce-simple and Inheritance of

the Hundred of Rynwardflon, and certain Lands and He-

reditaments in the Parishes of Great Bedwyn and Burbage%

in the County of Wilts; and for settling other Lands and

Hereditaments in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

62. An Act for granting to his Majesty a Stamp-duty on

Licences to be taken out by certain Persons uttering or

vending Medicines; and certain Stamp-duties on all

Medicines fold under such Licences, or under the Autho-

rity of his Majesty's Letters Patent.

63. An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty

upon Stage Coaches, and other Carriages therein men*

tioned.

64. An Act for taking away from the Commissioners of

Excise, in England and Scotland, the Power of compound-

ing with Perions making Malt not to fell, but to be con-

fumed in their own private Families.

65. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the fifth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

repealing the Act made in the last Session of Parliament, in*

lit tiled, 4i An Act for vejling the Fort ^/'Senegal, and its

44 Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to

44 Africa and to vejl as well toe said Fo*t and its Depen-

dencies, as all other the British Forts and Settlements upon

the Coajl of Africa, lying between the Port cf Sallee and

and Cape Rouge, together with all the Property, Estate,

and Efjefts of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa,

in or upon the said Forts, Settlements, and their Dependen-

cies, in his Majesty \ and for securing, extending, and im-

proving the Trade to Africa; and for veiling fames Fort, in

the River Gambia, and its Dependencies, and ail other

the British Forts and Settlements between the Port of

Sallee and Cape Rouge, in the Company of Merchants

trading to Africa-, and for securing and regulating the

Trade to Africa.

66. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and

, Duties upon Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other such

Carriages, not charged with any Duty under the Ma-

nagement of the Commissioners of Excise.

67. An Act fur granting to his Majesty a Stamp-duty on

the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births, and Christ-

enings.

68. An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners

further ro examine, take, and state the publick Accounts

of the Kingdom.

69. An Act to enable the Adjutant General of his Majesty’s

Forces, and the Comptrollers of Army Accounts, to fend

and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of

Postage.

70. An Act for the more efftftual preventing the illegal

Importation of foreign Spirits, and for putting a Stop to

the private Distillation of British-made Spirituous Li-

Juors; for explaining such Part of the Act. imposing a

>uty upon Male Servants, as relates to the Right of Ap-

peal from the Justices of the Peace; to amend and rectify

a Mistake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament,

with respect to the Removal of Tea from one Part of this

Kingdom to other Parts thereof; and for preventing

vexatious Actions against Officers of Excise acting in pur-

fuance of the Authority given by Excise Statutes.

71. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of

certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-

ments, in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of

Parliament, to ve/l certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing

Us Majestys Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Poufmouth and

Cnatftara. 5

72. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Leant

or Exc hequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 00c thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty-three.

75. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of SmalT

Debts within the Town and Liberties of Shrcwsbury, in

the County of Salop,

74. An Act for altering the Duties and Drawbacks upon

plain Muslins, unrated Mullins and Callicoes, and Nan--

quin Cloths.

73. An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the

twenry-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as

took oft* the Duties payable upon the Importation of that

Spec its of Blue called Smalts-, and for granting Relief to

the Ow ners or Proprietors of Tobacco, of the Growth of

that Part of Great Britain cailed Scotland, which shall not

be worth the Duties impoled thereon by an AftoftheLftr

Session of Parliament.

76 An Act for the better preventing Frauds in the landing

and removing ot Wines in this Kingdom; and to prevent

the refnnding of Refined Sugar entered for Exportation,

to obtain the Drawback or Bounty.

77. An Act for the more effectu.il Encouragement of the

Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

78. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the oinking Fund; and for applying cer-

tain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the*

Year one thousand seven hundred and eighry three; and

for further appropriating the Supplies granted inthisSei-

fiun of Parliament.

79. An Act for the further encouraging the Growth of

Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, in his Mojtfty’s islands and.

Plantations in America-

80. An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into

the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have /‘of-

fered in their Rights, Properties, and Profcflions, during

the late unhappy Dillentions in America, in consequence

of their Loyalty to his Majesty,. and Attachment, to the

British Government.

81. An Act for preventing the Exportation of Corn, Grain,

or Meal, with a Bounty, during the Operation of two

Acts, pafl'ed in this present Stifion of Parliament, for

allowing the Importation of Com.

82. An Act for establishing certain Regulations in she

Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

83. An Act for granting Relief to the United Company of

Merchants o/ England trading to the Eojl Indies, by al-

lowing further Time for the Payment of certain Surras

due, and to become due to the rublick, and by advan-

cing to the said Company, on the Terms therein men-

tioned, a certain Sum of Money to be raifrd by Loans qr

Exchequer Bills; and to enable the said Company to

make a Dividend of four Pounds per Centum, to the Pro-

prietors at Chrijhnas, one thousand seven hundred and.

eighty-three; and to regulate the future Payment of De-

bentures of Drawbacks on East India Goods.

84. An Act to enable his Majesty to raise a further Sum

of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to pay eff

and discharge the Debts due and owing on the Civil List.

83. An Act for settling and securing a cert2»n Anntiity for

the Use of the Rght Honourable Sir George Augufus

Elicit, Knight of the Mo ft Honourable Older of the

Bath, in confiJeration of the eminent Services performed

by him to his Majesty and this Country.

86. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity cn

George Lord Rodney, and the two next Pcifons to whom

the Barony of Rodney shall defeend, in consideration of

the eminent Services performed by the said George Lord

Rodtu-y to his Majesty and the Publick.

87. An Act for vesting certain Meflfuages? Lands, Tene-

ments* and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the further

securing

