A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Geoltdri III.

C. 47*

kq

Avenue*

from the fcli|A

Street to the

Market.

Penalty on

breaking Lamp*

&c.

in respect thereof; flfall, for so imudh and such Part tfierebf as is 6r shall be'fitua/e land being, issuing and

airifing, or becoming due* or payable, within the Parish of All Saints aforesaid, from henceforth for ever,

so long as any Sum or Sums of Muncy, by way of Land Tax, shall be imposed upon the same Parish,

by any Act or Acts of Pa riiam nt now in Force, or hereafter to be ihade, be rated and assessed to the Land

Tax within the said Parish of All Saints, as an Estate of the yearly Value or Income of one hundred and

forty Pounds, in the fame Propor tion, Manner, and Form, as other Estates within the said Parish are

rated or assessed to that Tax, according to tlvir respective Rents or Values; and that so much and such

Part thereof as is or /hall be situate and being, issuing and arising, or becoming due or payable, within

the Parish of Saivt Michael aforesaid, shall from henceforth for ever, so long as any Sum or Sums of

Money, by way of Land Tax, shall be imposed upon the same Parish, by any Act or Acts of Parliament

now in Force, or hereafter to be made, be rated and assessed to the Land Tax, within the said Parish of

Saint Michael, as an Estate of the yearly Value of forty-six Pounds, in the fame Proportion, Manner, and

Form, as other Estates within the said Parish are rated or assessed to that Tax, according to their respective

Rents or Values.

4 XXX. And whereas frequent Inconveniencies arise by Persons driving Wheelbarrows, and leading

4 or riding Horses, through the Avenues from thz High Street, into the said Market 5 or by vending or

4 exposing to Sale, Fruit, Garden-ftuff, or other Matters or Things, within such Avenues:’ For Pre-

vention whereof, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall hereafter drive any Wheel- Penmannvoc-

barrow, Sledge, Cart, or other Carriage; or ride or lead any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, loaded or un- ing Obrtn.dion*

loaded, through or into the said Avenues, or any of them, or shall vend or expose to Sale, within any ,n the

Avenue or Passage leading into the said Market from the said High Street, any Fruit, Garden-ftuff, or

other Matter or Thing whatsoever, he, she, or they, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five

Shillings, nor less than one Shilling, for every such Offence, to be recovered and paid in like Manner as

other the Penalties inflicted by this Act.

4 XXXI. And whereas some of the Penalties laid by the said former Act (ifion Persons wilfully breaking

or damaging Lamps have not proved sufficient to prevent such Offences/ be it therefore further enacted.

That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons /hall wilfully break, throw dowq,

or otherwise damage, any of the Lamps erected by virtue of the ftid'Act, or any of the Posts, Iron, or

other Furniture thereof, or shall extingui/h any of the said Lamps, every such Offender shall forfeit and

pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for each Lamp so broken, or thrown dovVn, damaged, or extinguished as

aforesaid, any Thing in the said former Act, as to the first or second Offence, to the contrary notwith-

standing; and the fame Methods /hall be pursued for inquiring into, Recovering, levying, and applying

the said Penalties, and otherways punishing the Offenders, as are respectlvely prtfcribea by the said former

’Act, with respect to the like Offences committed’ by Persons matriculated, or being Members of the said

Univerfiry, and by any other Person or Persons.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if. after the passing of this Act, any Common Stage Waggon,

or Stage Cart, or any Post chaise used in travelling for Hire, /hall b£ left to (land or continue in any Street*

Lane, or public Way, or Place, within the said Univerfuy or City of Oxford, or the Suburbs thereof, or

the said Parish of Saint Clement, or in any Part or Parts thereof, with or without Horses, or other Cattle,

longer than the Space of one Hour, at any one Time, the Owner or Owners of every such Waggon,

Cart, or Post-chaise, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the like Penalties and Forfeiture^,

and be liable to the like Prosecutions arid Punishments, and the said Waggons, Carts, and Chaises, /hall

he disposed of and dealt with in such Manner as is provided in the said Former Act with respect to Stage

Waggons and Carts /landing or continuing in the principal Streets mentioned in the first Schedule to thp

said Act annexed, and to the Owner and Owners thereof.

XXXIII And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing-of this Act, if any Person or

Persons /hall lead or ride, or cause to be led or rode, any Horse or Horses, in any Street, Lane, or other

public Way or Place, within the said Univerfny, City, or Suburbs, or Parish of Saint Clement, foe the

Purpose only of exercising such Horse or Horses; or if any Person or Persons /Kali set, place, or expose to

Sale, or cause, permit, or suffer to be set, placed, or exposed to Sale, Fruit of any Sort or Kind, on the

Foot or Carriage Way of any Highway, Street, or Lane, or in any public Place within the said University,

City, Suburb?, or Parish of Saint Clement, except in the New Market tstablished by the said former Act,

'every Person so offending in any or either of the said Cafes, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the

Sum of ten Shillings; lor the second Offence, the Sum of fifteen Shillings; and for the third and evety

other Offence, the Sum of twenty Shilling*.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, 1 hat the Powers and Authorities by the said Act given for pre-

venting Nuisances and Annoyances by Bow windows, Window-ihutters, and other Things therein

enumerated, /hall extend and be applied to projecting Blinds, in such and the same Manner as would have

been in case the said Nuisance or Annoyance had been mentioned and included in the said Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities by the said Act given for pre-

venting Nuisances by Hog-sties, Necessary-houses, Flesh, Dung, or other noisome Matters, in or near

any of the principal Streets within the said City of Oxford, or Suburbs mentioned in the fecohd Schedule

to the said Act annexed, may and shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be executed and put in

Force in and with respect to all the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and Places, within the said University.,

City,*and Suburbs, and Parish of Saint Clement, in as full and effectual a Manner to all Intents and Pur?*

poses, as could or might have been done in case it had been so expressed and directed in and by the iaid

former Act.

SMge Waggon*

2n4 Post-chaises

not to be left ift

the Streets.

iPenalty on caus-

ing Nuifai>ccf.;

Projecting

O her NuL

fances.

any

XXXVI. And be it further enacted. Yhat if any Person or Persons ftnll empty, or cause to be emptied,

y Pool or Sink of Stale, from any Stable, or other Building used for keeping Horses in, and throw cut,

empty*,

ing Pools of

«r suffer ihe fame to run into any "Street, Lane, or public~YV»y, or Place “wkhin the said University, tllf

K 3 Pftoole

