A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 4. 449

4 T) E it remembered, that on the Day of in the Year of our Lord Form of Con-

A B is convicted before me (or us) of his Majesty’s ,t*alon

€ Justices of the Peace for # [Reifying the Offence, and the Place where the fame was

€ committed, and so Specifying that it was the first, second, or third Offence against this Act, as the Cafe

4 shall be.]

€ Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals], the Day and Year aforesaid.’

Which Conviction the said Justice or Jflftices shall cause to be fairly wrote on Parchment, and returned

to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Suffolk, to be filed by the Cleik

of the Peace, and remain and be kept among the Records of such County.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons

shall find him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Warrant made by any Tufticeor Justices, Sef-

or upon any Conviction before him or them in pursuance of this Act, such Person or persons may appeal tonjf

to the next General Quarter Sessions to be held for the Division of the said County where the Offence

shall be committed, which shall not be held within fourteen Days next after the Cause of Appeal shall

arise, giving ten Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons discovering the Offence on which

the Conviction was made; and if the Justices at the said Quarter Sessions either confirm oc difannuRthe

Orders or Proceedings of the said Justice or Justices* they shall allow such Costs and Charges to the

Party aggrieved thereby as they shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such Manner as is

usual in Cafes of Appeal from any Order of the Justices of the Peace to the Sessions, -whose Order therein

shall be final.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, That the Person or Persons appealing to such Quarter Sessions of the Persons

Peace as aforesaid, shall give Security to the Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices to prosecute such in& to give 9e-

Appeal with Effect, and to pay the Costs which shall be ascertained by the said Quarter Sessions, in case

such Order or Judgment be affirmed; and the Justices in the said Quarter Sessions are hereby authorised cu c* c*

to hear and determine such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs as to them

shall appear just; which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or Orders to be

removable, by any Writ of Certiorari or other wise, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at fina,«

minder, or el fe where.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Order or other Proceedings so made Proviso.

or had by or before any Justice of the Peace, in relation to the Premises, shall be quashed or vacated for

want of Form only.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be com- Li nr nation of

menced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or tq be done, in pursuance Attioni.

of this Act, every such Suit or Action shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the

Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be severally laid, brought, and tried in the said County of

Suffolk, as the Cafe shall happen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions

or Suits shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at General Ifiue.

any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this

Act: And if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Suit or Action shall be brought after the Time

before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, that then the

Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

shall became nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall

have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the De-

fendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Treble Cosa.

Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Cafes at Law.

XXVIi. And be it further enacted, That this Act (hill be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Pub- Pablick Act»

lick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons

whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. IV.

An Act for incorporating the Company of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation authorised

by an Act, passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of Ifs present Majesty King George

the Third, to be made from Birmingham to Biljicm and Autherley with the Company of

Proprietors of a Canal Navigation authorised by an Act, passed in the twenty-third Year

of the Reign of his prelum Majesty, to be made from Birmingham to Faze!ey\ and for

consolidating their Shares; and amending the said last-mentioned Act.

4 VX7HER EAS an Act: was passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King

4 YY George the Third, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from

4 Birmingham to Bilftone, and from thence to Autherley, there to communicate with the Canal then making

1 between the Rivers Severn end Trent; and for making Collateral Cuts up to everal Coal Mines: And

4 whereas an Act was passed in the ninth Year of his said present Majesty’s Reign, 4o rectify a Mistake

in the said fii ft-mentioned Act, and to explain and amend ‘the fame: And whereas another Act was

4 passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Act-

4 vigable Canal from a Place near Rider’s Green, in the County of Stafford, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and

7

Preamble.

Reciia’. of A£t|

8 Geo. 3.

9 Geo. 3.

and 23 Geo. 3*

