3*2

C. 63, 64., Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III, A.D. 1783;

CAP. LXllI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Stage Coaches, and other

Carriages therein mentioned.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. € \\7 Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

assembled, being delirous 10 raise the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick Ex-

4 pences, do humbly present your Majesty with the free Gift of the further Rate herein-afeer men-

4 tioned \ and do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com*

From Auf. t, mons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the

fi'ftDayof one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there (bail be raised, levied, collected,

and pSid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Ule of his Majesty, his Heirs

tohitf Majesty and Successors, the additional Rate and Duty following; (that is to say,)

V'*. Every four-wheeled Chaise, or other Machine commonly called A Diligence, or Post-Coach, and every

St*ge Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash with four Wheels, Chaifc-marine, Chaise with four Wheels,

Four-w^eUd^ or other Machine, by what Name soever the fame now is or hereafter shall be called or known, to be

Machine, cm- employed as publick Stage Coaches or Carriages, for the Purpose of conveying Pallengers for Hire, to

ployed in carry- and from one Place to another in the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be charged with an additional

ing Pafongert to Duty of one Halfpenny foe every Mile such Carriages shall travel, to be paid by the Owners thereof.

Hire, one Hilf* r

peony for evc.jr Mite such Carriage shall travel.

To be under the II. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effectual levying and collecting the said

Management of additional Duty herein-before granted, the fame shall be under the Government, Care, and Manage*

forTam a Cr* ment of the Commissioners, for the Time being, appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped

r 'Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who, or the major Part of them, are hereby tequired to do all Things

’necessary to be done for putting this Act into Excxution, in as ample a Manner as they are authorised to

put into Execution any Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

All Power*, IIL And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, (Jlaufes, Distribution of Pe*

tn but ion of Pe- nalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things piescribed or appointed by an Act made in the

oaaiea and For- twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the

^oVed b*\ nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 4 An Act 'for granting to his Majesty certain

Geo ill cap.°ei. duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons letting Horses to Hire, far travelling in the Manner therein

> flull be in Force ‘ mentioned; and certain Duties on all Horses let to Hire for the Purposes of travelling P oft, and by Time9,

with relation*) 1 and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof f shall be of full

rtkii Ad. Force and Efteft, with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in

-Execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said additional Rate and Duty hereby

imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as

' if the fame had severally and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said additional Rate

and Duty hereby imposed.

The Doty to be IV. And be it further enaSed, That the said additional Rate and Duty herein-before granted, shall be

cJjvcrGener*Lof from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Time being of the Duties oq

Sramp-du^cs, ° damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the said act-

and by him paid ditional Duty, and p^y the fame (the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the

into the E*chc- fame, being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the

<lucr: Duties now charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid; and in the

these Irate of the Auditor of the said Receipt, there shall be provided and kept a Bocrk or Books, in which

froVTn other all the Monies arising from the said Duty, and pftd into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered

Mom. separate and apart from ail other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon

Apf>iicacion any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid,

vhettoU /hall be a Fund (or the Payment of the fever*]' Annuities, at d all such other Charges and Expencef, as

are directed to be paid and payable by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for-

raf g a certain Sum of Money Ly way of Annuities, and for ejlallishing a Lottery.

P;umUu

CAP. JLXIV.

Ati Act for raking away From the Commiftloners of Excise, in England and Scotland, the

Power of compounding with Terfons making Malt not to fell, Out to be consumed itt

their own private Pamilies.

II/HEREAS by the several Statutes now in Force for imposing Duties upon all Malt made in

4 V f Great Britain, the Commissioners of Excise, or other Persons by them respectively appointed for

4 thar Purpose, are authorised to compound and agree with such Persons as shall make Malt not to fell of

nuke Profit thereof, but to be consumed in their own private Families only, at a certain Rate or Pay-

4 ment for every Head, which, at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of such Competition,

*4 (bail be of the Family of such Persons respectively, as in and by the said Statutes is particularly <3i-

4 rested and required.: And whereas great Frauds have been, and are now frequently practised by Means

4 of such Competitions, and great Quantities of Malt have been privately fold and difp^fed of by such

4 Compounders, to the manifest Injury of the Revenue, and of the fair Trader / for Remedy thereof*

be

