A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III.

C. 63.

125

moved or displaeed, and be vested to, and delivered over to, such new Assignee or Afljgnees, in the fame

Manner, and for the fame Intents and Purposes, as the fame were* before veiled in the Assignee or Al-

signees firchofe as afoieUid; any Thing in this A& contained to the contrary notwithstanding#

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in ail Cales where mutual

Credit hath been given between any Debtor who shall be discharged in pursuance of this Act, and any

Other Person or Perfor.s, or Body Politic or Corporate, before'the Delivery of such Schedule or Inventory

of the Eftare and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, upon Oath as aforesaid, the respeciive Assignee or

Assignees of such Debtor or Dtbiois is and are hereby authorised and required, on his and their Rails, to

ttate and allow an Account between them and the other Parry or Parties concerned ; ani nothing more

shall be deemed to be veiled in such Cleik of the Peace, Town Cleik, or o;her Officer acting as Clerk of

the Peace, or such Assignee or Assignees under futh Clcik of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer

acting as Clerk of the Peace, as the Estate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, than what shall ap-

pear to be juilly due to him, her, or them respectively, as and for the Balance of such Account, when truly

ilated,

4 LX. And whereas many Persons are often committed on Attachments for Contempt*, for not paying

4 Money awarded to be paid under Sub-millions to Arbitrators by Rules of Court, or under Subafiifions to

4 Arbitration Bunch, and which Submiftions have been made Rules of Court, in pursuance of an Act

4 pcfied in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of William the Third, for determining Differences by

4 Arbitration; and like wile for not paying of Cods duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper

4 Officer, after proper Demands made for that Purpo'c > and also upon any Writ of Excommunicato Ca-

4 piendo, or other Process for, or grounded on, the Nonpayment of Cells or E.vp. nces in any Cuufe or

4 Pioceeding in any Eccltlustical Court, or for any Contempt to such Court/ it is here1 y declared and

enacted, That all such Persons ate and shall be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, on ami fuhjed to the

fame Terms ami Conditions as are herein expressed and declared with resptd to Priknos for Debt

only.

4 LXI. And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been and are now imprisoned for Dcb% upon

4 ProcdFes ilfuing out of Courts of Conscience / it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such P.ifoners

shall be intitled to have the Benefit of this Act, and bedikharged under the fame, provided h% she, or

they, conform to the Directions herein-before prescribed, touching othet Prisoners who shall be dikhurged

by vinue of this Act. ' \

LXIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes wherein by this A cl an

Oath is required, the foiemn Affirmation of any Person, being a Quiker, shall and may be accepted and

taken in lieu thereof 5 and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be conviifted of wilful and

fa!fe Affirming, shall incur and suffer such and the fame Penalties as are infbded and imposed by this Act

upon Persons convkted of wilful and co rupt Perjury.

LXIII. Provided always and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who

shall have taken the Benefit of any Ad heittofoie paikd for the Relief of Inlolvent Debtors, within the

Space of ten Years kid p-->ll, and who, by the Justices of the Peat e at their General Quartt^ Session, oc

an Adjournment thereof,^ shall be deemed fit and able to krvt Lis XL jelly at Sea, or in his Land Forces,

shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, nor be deemed to be within the !nr

tent and Meaning ihe.eof, so as to be Jilcr.a-ged under the fame; any Thing herein-before contained to

thecontrary notwithflam ing ; unless furh Person fhfil he'willing to ftive, and Fh411 actually enter hfmfelf

to serve on Board some mte of his M.ijt fly’s Ships of IVyr’for the Term of ievea Years, or shall infill as

a Soldier in some of his fly’s Lam) Forces for the Term of three Years

LXlV. And be it further enact.d, That when any Debtor, who may have taken the Benefit of any

Insolvent Ad within the Space of ten Years 1 aft pall, shall under this Act apply for his Dhcba-'ge, every

such Debtor (bill p^odiue to the Cou-t (to which he flaa 11 make Application for <uch Discharpe) a Cer-

tificate in Wnt n signed determined by an Oiffie: pioperly iu horifed to engage or enlist Men for his M-jelly’s Sea

or Lind Servi e [as the Cafe may heJ, kitting forth that he was on the . Day of

[insert the Date] engaged or erlifted [as the Cafe may be] to serve as-a Mariner or Sufi ier in his Majesty’s

bea or Land Service for the Teirn of which CcitEcate shall be atttfled by one or more

credible Wiutcfs or Witniffes ; and in case such Certificate shall not he produced, or (nail not he properly

authenticated in Manne. a for dfiid, to the Satiskdion of the Justices before whom any such Debtor Hull

be brought, or come, he shall, if a Prisoner, be remanded back to the Prtkn fi om whence he came, there

to remain unfil he fhfil have fully complied with the Directions * fore kid, or shall by other legal Means

sooner obtain his Diknarge. . • * -- •;

LXV. Provided always and he it enacted, That no Person who hath been tendered to be surrendered

in Discharge of his or htr Bail, in pursuance of a certain Act of Parliament, made in the last Session of

Parliament intituled, An Act to prevent any Affchief cr Inconvenience which, may evife to Sheriffs, Gaolers,

Suitors, Prisoners, or ethers, ly the Prisoners in fever a I Gaols in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and

the City of London, having hern Jet at Liberty during the late Tumults and Insurreflions \ and also in pur-

fuance of a certain Act uf Pari ament, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to

extend the ProAftons contained in an Act, passed in the If! Sefieri of Parliament, intituled4‘ An Act to pre-

41 vent any Mischief or Inconvenience which may rnfe to hn< rifts Gaolers, Suitors, Prisoners, or others,

44 by the Prisoners in several Gaols in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the City of Lon eo? 9.

u having been (ct at Liberty during the late Tumults and InlurreCtions,” to Persons an (fed and bailed frue

the Dtfirkfdion of the /aid Gaols, and before the fame shall he repaired, cr other Prisons fuhjiituted in lieu thereof;

(full, on account thereof, be deemed or taken to be a Person in actual Custody within the true Intent ai of

Meaning of this Act ; the kid recited Act, or any Thing therein contained, to the contrary thereof »a

aflywife notv/itnfianding* . m , Trr ^ ., ,

LXVL Pro.id.ai

Wlu*ie mututl

Credit has b en

giver?, the 8*-

bnee to be areef

and Jluvvcd.

Persons cinrn-

n itt J lor not

payi/ ^ Money

awarded onJer

Snb.T i/iior.s to-

Aibimmon, ani

for not

Cuflr, Ac.

are fa

the fknefit of

ihis Att.

Pii oners, /fpori-

Proce.s out of

Courts of Con-

ference, to have

the Benefit of

v is A a,

Quaker’s Af-

firnution to be

taken in !icu of

an Oath.

Perf ns who

have taken the

Bern fit of any

Insolvent Act

within ten

Year?, Sec. cx-

clrj.d from this-

Ad ;

Ixj' : t:cn.

Debtots v/ho

have taken such,

Benefit, and finall*

apply for Lhf-

cliarj.e undertli!?

Act, to producer

to tnc Couit a

Cettificate, figa-

ed by a pioj er

Orfictr, ffting

f. rth i^af triey

are inhfh d to

serve Ins Ma-

jtfty, &c.

No Person who

hath h-en ten-

de r d to re fi>r*

rencered in Dif-

cha ye of liaU,

in pjr-war c: ef

20 Gto. 1 I.

Cap. 64.. ; or 2t

Ceo.lU.Cap.i. j,

fli ill, on that

/»1 count, be

1 cfn.ert to Imt in:

actual Cuiloq^fc.

