14* C. 69, 70.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III, A.D. 1781,

Preamble,

Recital of 20

Gee, 11. Cap.

30.

Frtm Aug. I,

1781, every

Per Ton who shall

buy or receive

any Pewter Pot,

or other Pewter,

knowing the

fame to be stolen,

Ac. fbi'l, on

Coovi&ioo, be

transported at a

Felon for seven

Years, Ac,

CAP. LXiX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for more effectually discouraging and

preventing the Jlealing* and the buying and receiving of stolen Lead, Iron* Copper, Brajs, Belt*

metal, and Solder j and for more effectually bringing the Offenders to Justice.

c XT7HEREAS by an Act. passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King*

4 W George the Second (intituled, An Act for more effectuallj discouraging and preventing the Jlealing*.

and buying of jlalen Lead, Iron* Copper* Brass* Bell-metal* and Solder; and/or more effectually bringing the

4 Offenders to Justice)* divers Provisions were made for punishing the Receivera and Buyers of Lead, Iron*

4 Copper, Brass, Bell-metal, and Solder, knowing the fame to be stolen: And whereas the said Act has

4 been found by Experience to tend to good and useful Purposes, and to prevent many Felonies being

4 committed in respect to the several Articles therein mentioned; but the Metal called Pewter not being

4 mentioned or included in the said Act, evil-disposed Persons have taken Advantage thereof, and the

4 stealing of Pewter Pots, and other Pewter, and the buying and receiving such Pewter Pots, and other

4 Pewter, knowing the fame to be stolen, is become a great and notorious Evil \ be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That,

from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, every Person who

shall buy or receive any Pewter Pot, or other Vert'd, or any Pewter in any Form or Shape whatever*

knowing the fame to be stolen, or unlawfully come by; or shall privately buy or receive any stolen Pew-

ter, by suffering any Door, Window, or Shutter, to be left open or unfaftened, between Sun-setting and

Sun-rising, for that Purpose; or shall buy or receive the same at any Time, in any clandestine Manner,

from any Person or Persons whatsoever; shall, being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, although,

the principal Felon or Felons has not or have not been convicted of stealing the fame, be transported, irv

like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, for

any Time not exceeding seven Years, or be kept and detained in Prison, and therein kept to hard Labour*

for any Time not exceeding three Years, nor less than one Year; and within that Time (if such Court

shall think fitting) such Offender or Offenders shall be once, or oftener, but not more than three Times*

publicly whipped.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better

Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe, as re-

lates to the Administration of Justice in Bengal * and for the Relief of certain Persons

imprisoned at Calcutta in Bengal, under a Judgment of the Supreme Court of Judicature ;

and also for indemnifying the Governor General and Council of Bengal* and all Officers

who have acted under their Orders or Authority, in the undue Retifcincc made to the

Process of the Supreme Court.

Preirable.

l*rital of 13

Cco.UI. Cap.

♦j.

Tke Governor

Ccaerat and

Council of Ben-

tab not to be

UJgtft to the

Supreme Court.

Peiiona im-

pleaded in the

Supreme Court

lor Act done by

4 XT THERE AS, in virtue of an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

VV intituled, An Act for eJlablUking certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs rf the

4 East India Company* as well in India as in Europe, his Majesty, by his Royal Letters Patent of the

4 twenty-sixth Day of March, in the fourteenth Year of his Reign, did create and constitute a Court of

4 Record, to be within the Factory of Fort William, at Calcutta in Bengal\ called The Supreme Court of

4 Judicature at Fort William in Bengal* with sundry Directions, Powers, and Authorities to the said Court,

in the said Letters Patent set forth and expressed: And whereas many Doubts and Difficulties have arisen

4 concerning the true Intent and Meaning of certain Clauses and Provisions in the said Act and Letters

4 Patent, and, by reason thereof, Dirtension hath arisen between the Judges of the Supreme Court ana

the Governor Genera) and Council of Bengal; and the Minds of many Inhabitants, subject to the said

Government, have been disquieted with Fears and Apprehensions; and further Mischiefs may possibly

tnfue from the said Mifundeistandings and Discontents, if a feasonable and suitable Remedy be not pro-

4 vided: And whereas it is expedient that the lawful Government of the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and

4 Oriffa* should be supported, that the Revenues thereof should be collected with Certainty, and that the

4 Inhabitants should be maintained and protefted in the Enjoyment of all their ancient Laws, Usages,

4 Rights, and Privileges May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted

by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That the Governor General and Council of Bengal shall not be subject, jointly or severally, to the Juris-

distion of the Supreme Court of Fort William in Bengal* for or by reason of any Act or Order, or any

other Matter or Thing whatsoever, counielled, ordered, or done by them in their public Capacity only,

and acting as Governor General and Council.

II. And it is hereby enacted and declared. That if any Person or Persons shall*bc impleaded, in any

Aftityn w Process, civil or criminal, in the said Supreme Court, for any Act or Acts done by the Order

i / ~ - of

