446

«n4 further con*

<inued ontil

June X411788,

-Preamble.

Recitil of in

-A& ia Car. II.

The recited A£,

Ac. extended to

Scotland.

Tobacco, the

Grow h of Scot-

land, to be en-

t red, &c, be-

/ore Aug. to,

S781.

Soch Tobacco

not to be remo-

ved into Eng

Sand by Land

Carriapr j

hut mav by Wa-

ter, under cer-

tain RdLiflioa*.

C. 73. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1784.

1 by several subsequent Acts, been continued until the fourteenth Day of Juney one thousand seven hundred

and eighty two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is

€ expedient that so much oi the said Act, as relates to prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought

€ Siilcs and Velvets, should be further continuedmay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be en-

afled; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament act'embled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame, That so much of the said Act as relates to prohibiting the Importation of Foreign

Wrought Silks and Velvets, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof,

until the fourteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXIII.

An ASt to explain an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Se-

cond, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the plantings feltings or /owing of Tobacco in Eng.

land or Ireland, and to permit the Use and Removal of Tobacco, the Growth of Scotland,

into England, for a limited Time, under certain Restrictions.

TXT'HEREAS by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of K\ng Charles the Second, for

VV prohibiting the planting, setting, or /owing of Tobacco in England, the letting, planting, or tm-

proving to grow, making, or curing Tobacco, either in Seed, Plant, or otherwise, within the Kingdomof

England, Dominion of lValesy Ittands of Guernsey or Jtrfey^ or Town of Berwick upon Tweedy is pro-

hibited; and the said Act has, by several subsequent Acts, been explained and enforced: And whereas

Doubts have ariien, whether the said Prohibition is extended to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majrfly Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for att

1 Union of the two Kingdoms ^England and Scotland Now, for obviating such Doubts for the luture, may it

please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted and declared determined by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, made in the twelfth

Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and all and every other Act or Acts which hath ftnee

Patted for prohibiting the Culture of Tobacco in England, shall extend, and bcconftrued to extend, to that

art of Great Britain called Scotland; any Thing in any former Act or Acts contained to the contrary

thereof in any wile notwithstanding

4 II. And whereas it is reasonable to permit, for a limited Time, under certain Restrictions, the Use

i and Consumption of such Tobacco as hath been already produced and cured in Scotland, or may have

4 been planted before the patting of this Act, and be now growing there,’ be it therefore enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, having in his, her, or their Custody

or Possession, any Tobacco of the Growth or Production of Scotland, shall, before the twentieth Day of

Augu/L one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, give or fend Notice in Writing, under his, her, or

their Hand or Hands, to the Collector and Comptroller of his Majesty’$ Customs, at the Custom-house in

Scotland nearrft io the Place where such Tobacco shall be lodged, a just and true Account, upon Oath

(which Oath such Collector and Comptroller of the Customs are hereby authorised and required to ad-

minifteu), of the Quantity of such Tobaccothar such Person or Persons shall then have in his, her, or their

Custody or Possession; and at the fame Time fh^ll enter with and pay to such Collector and Comptroller

the like Duties for such Tobacco, as are then due and payable upon the Importation of Tobacco of the

Growth and Produce of the Brit if!) Colonies or Plantations in America; and the like Account shal in like

Manner be given or lent, and the like Duties paid, for all Tobacco that shall have been planted before the

patting of this Act, and may be now growing in Scotland\ which last mentioned Account shall be sent, and

the Duties paid, within three Calendar Months after such Tobacco shall be gathered, on Forfeiture of aft

such Tobacco as shall be found unentered after the respective Times herein-before limited.

Ill* And it is hereuy further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Tobacco shall not be carried

or removed from Scotland, into any Part of England, determined by Land Carriage, upon the Forfeiture thereof,

together with the Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, made ule of in the removing. Carriage, or Conveyance

of the lame.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the

Proprietor or Proprietors of such Tobacco to remove the fame, Coast wile by Water, into any Port in Eng-

land, from the Fort where such Tobacco was entered, but from no other, at any Time before the twen-

tieth Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eight*-three, in H gfheads or Casks, each of which

shall not contain less than four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight of such Tobacco; and before such To-

bacco shall be laden on board any Ship or Vessel for thdt Purpose, the Hogsheads or Casks shall be marked

on the Outfide with the Words Scots Tobacco, in Letters not less than three Inches in Length, with Ink or

some other durable Liquor; and the net Weight of such Tobacco, and the Tare of the Calks, shall be

also marked, with such Ink or Liquor, on the Outsides of such Hogslie, ds or Casks, and a Certificate shall

be granted, by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at luc h Port, to the Master of the Ship or

Vessel on board which such Tobacco shall be laden, to accompany the fame; which Certificate shall ex-

orefs the Weight of such Tobacco, with the Marks upon the Casks, the Name of the Ship or Veil'd, the

Name of the Person or Persons by whom the Duty was paid, and the Time when, and the Port in

England to which, such Tobacco is intended to be carried; and such Tobacco shall also be liable to the

like Coast Securities, Sufferances, Cocquets, and other Restrictions, not altered by this Act, as are re-

quired

