g8

How Claims fcr

the Bounties

/hall be exhibited

and attested.

Persons receiv.

ing any B< unty

a*e to give Bond

to rhe Clerk of

the tuce, &c.

Money recovered

h w to be ap-

plied.

Justices, at their

JMichaelmrsSel-

ftons, are to ad-

veitife the

Bounties, Ac,

Names and

Places of Abode

of the Claimant!

to be puklHhcd,

Ac.

Justicei to make

up, yearly, a

State of the

Claims allowed

by them, and to

transmit the

fame to the

Commissionera

of Trade and

PNatations. Arc.

Receivers of the

Land Tax to

j ay, on O'-der

or the Quarter

>'clli ns, the

Sums appropri-

ated for each

County.

Dire^vions for

Sellers, &c. of

Hemp or Flax.

Justices to trans-

ir.it to the Com-

ir.ilhoners for

'Trade, Ac. a

S»?te of i he

Claims ma le,

and (heir Pro-

tetdi tgs there-

optn, Ac.

An Account of

the Quantities

cf Hemp and

I ha ui!e \ Ac,

to he lai I an-

e ’j )’ btf'jio

PaiiuiLtu.*

C. 58. Anno vicesimo primo Georgit III. A.D. 1781,

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Grower, or Person claiming, and who shall

he intitled to the fa i d Bounty, {hall sign and exhibit his Claim to one of the Justices of tie Peace for the

County, Riding or Place, within which the Hemp or Flax has been raised, mentioning in such Claim of

what Crop the fame is, and the Farm or Ground on which the Hemp or Flax grew ; ar.d which Claim

shall be lilcewife attefFd by two of the Paiifh Officers of the same Parish vitn the Clamant or Grower,

who shall certify that they believe the Truth of the Particulars contained in fuh Clam; ar.d unkli

Claim, when fn a’tcfted, the fp.id Justice is hereby required to countersign, and transmit :o the Julticts

fur (he County, Riding, or Place, at their next General Quarter ScTmns.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority ah rtfuid, Thu every Person who fha’l claim andrcctive any

of the Bounties here n-before granted, flu)!, at or before the Time when he shall receive (he lame, enter

into a Bond or Security (without Stamps), to the Clerk of the Peace lor the l ime b.ing, or his Succtf-

fors, of the said Counties, Ridings, or Places respectively, with two {umcient Sureties, to be approved

of by the said Justice s, at their Qjarter Sessions for the County, Riding, or Place, within which me Li j

Hemp or F! x was grown, in the pen?l Sum of Titble the Value ol the Hounfy cAinud anJ reccivcJ,

and of the fLmp or Flax for U'hich he shall have claimed and received the lame, with Condjm.n that fjv n

Person is duly intitled to the Hid Bouiry, according to the tnfe Intent and Meaning of this Act ; w 1*v*1

Bond shall ard may be put in Suit, under the Orders and Directions of the find Juliets at tnur Quarter

Sessions, by the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, against every such Person or Perions as tic Cafe

£hail require ; and all Sums of Money so recovered ill a 11 be put into the Hands of the Trca urer oi the re-

speeiive Counties, r.nd be appli-.J, in the first Piacc, towards drfiayirg the Changes and Lxptnces cf

prosecuting the fi-.me, and the other Charges attending the Kxccuuon of this Act, anJ the RemainTr

towards the Fund out of which the said Bounties are to be granted.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T hat the fa-d Justices in each C unty, at

their Quarter Sessions at A'lichtu-fcm next, and at every following Michaelmas Quat r Scfli >0$, during

the Continuance of this Act, shall, and they are hereby required to advertifr an 1 p ubhlu the several

Bounties by this Act granted, with the Conditions nevciTary to be complied with before the fame can be

icceived.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said J i ft ices, at the said next Quarter Sef-

fions, shall publish the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons who h ve claimed the Coo BountiV*,

and the Quantities of Hemp or Flax for v^hich they claim, to the hnd that the said Justices may, by the

Means aforesaid, or by such other Means, Methods, Proofs, and Inquiries, as they shall direct and jud^e

most fit, discover and be able to ascertain, agairft their General (Quarter Sessions at MiJjumv.er in t.i.li

Year, the Quantity of Hemp and Flax raised in the County, Ruling, or Place, and rhe Truth of the

several Claimants Claims and Pretensions; which Claims the said Justice?, at the fa d Midfunimer Quarter

Sections, are hereby authorised, impowered, and required finally to settle and determine.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices shall, at their said ATulfum-

mer Quarter Sessions in each Year, make up a State of the Claims which hat e been fin illy settled and

allowed by them, and transmit the fame to the Commissioncts for Trade and PAntat ons ; and the said

Commissioners, on the Receipt of such Returns from the several Counties, flidl apportion the Sums ap-

plicable to each County, and certify to the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britan^ or Loids Commission-

ers of his M^jcfly’s Treasury (or the Time being, the Amount of rhe bums so Cain: d miJ allow- d, and

pray an Blue of the whole Amount of the fa;d Bounties ; and the Commissioners ol his MajtftjS Trea-

fury, or any three or more of them for the Time being, or the Lord High Treasurer f r the Time bring,

shall thereupon, and they are hereby impowered and required to issue (with ut Fee or Reward) their War-

rants or Orders to the Receivers of the Land Fax of the several Counties within which the said Hemp

and FJax respectively has been raised, to pay (without Deduction, Fee, or Rew.ud), on the Order of the

Quarter Sessions of each respeflive County, Riding, or Place, rhe Sums appropriated for such Countyj

and the said Justices, at their next ensuing Quarter Sections, shall distribute and pay, without Fee or

Reward, the lame to the several Persons, or their Assigns, who shall have been found in titled to the faii

Bounties.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the Grower, or other Person preparing

Hemp or Flax for Market, and who shall fell any Quantity of Hemp or Flax within that Part of Great

Britain called England^ shall deliver to the Buyer, along with such Hemp or Flax, a particular Account

of the Hemp and Flax fold, expre fling the Quantity, Place where it grew, and the Year ol i's Growth ;

and the Seller in like Manner shall take of the Buyer a Receipt, in Writing, containing a IT plicate of

the Quantity bought, the Place where it grew, and the Year of its Growth.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,* T hat, for the better Information of the Lords Com-

miliioners for Trade and Plantations, the said Justices in each County shall, and they are hereby required'

from Time to Time, at their several Quarter Sections, to make up, and transmit to the said Ccrr mill-oners

for Trade and Plantations, a State of the Claims which have been then made, and their Procetvii: gs and

Judgments thereupon, which the said Commissioners shall return to the Quarter Sections cf each County*,

with such Observations as may occur to them, and such Directions as they may think nccefiary for the

better ascertaining the Claims, and which Directions the said Quarter Sessions arc hereby required to ob-

serve and comply with.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for Trade and Planta-

tions shall annually make up an exaFt Account of the Quantities of Hemp and Flax raised, and of the

Monies prayed and issued to the Quarter Sessions of the different Counties, and shall annually lay the fame

before both Houses of Parliament.

2 XII. And

