A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C. io.

thereof, if any shall be payable thereon, shall and may bealfo paid, by the Treasurer of the Ordnance

for the Time being, into the Hands of the said Deputy Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, who

shall accordingly receive the same, and whose Receipt shall be a sufficient and effectual Discharge for the

fame, as aforesaid; and the said Deputy Remembrancer shall certify his Receipt of such Money in Man-

ner aforesaid, and such his Certificate shall be read as Evidence as aforesaid; and the said Deputy Remem-

brancer shall pay the fame into the Bank of England\ in like Manner as aforesaid.

IX. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall affetfl the Interest either of the said

Elizabeth Gordon, or of the said JVMiam Offley, Thomas Patti nfon9 and Thomas Lloyd, to the said Sum of

two hundred and forty-three Pounds, six Shillings, and eight Pence, in the said Decree mentioned, or the

Interest, if any, which shall be due in respect thereof; but that the fame shall, when paid to the said

Deputy Remembrancer as aforesaid, be laid out by him, by the Directions of the Barons of the Exchequer,

or any two of them, in like Manner as the Monies herein-before mentioned are directed to be laid out,

until the Right of the Parties thereto shall be determined; and upon such Determination the said Deputy

Remembrancer shall, and he is hereby required to transfer, assign, and pay such Monies according to such

Determination.

X. And be it further enacted and declared. That, upon the Death or Removal of the present or any

future Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer, all Mortgages, Stocks, and

Securities, vested in him by virtue of this Act, shall vest in the succeeding Deputy of the King’s Remem-

brancer for the Time being, subject to the Trusts and for the Purposes herein-before mentioned, Without

any Assignment or Transfer; and all Monies paid into the Bank in pursuance of this Act, or remaining

in the Hands of the present or any future Deputy of the Kino’s Remembrancer at the Time of his Death

or Removal, and not vested in the Funds, or placed out on Securities, as aforesaid, shall be paid over to

the succeeding Deputy Remembrancer for the Time being.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if, on the Death or Removal of the present

or any future Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer, the King’s Remem-

brancer shall execute the said Office in Person, then and in such Cafe the several Trusts, rowers, and

Authorities, in and by this present Act vested In the said Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer, and his

Successors, shall, during such Time as no Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer shall be appointed, vest

in, and be executed by, the said King’s Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer for the Time

being.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, who by Law

are capable of receiving such Debenture as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to take the fame before on

the sixteenth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, then and in such Cafe it shall and

may be lawful for the Clerk of the Ordnance for the Time being, to deposit the fame with the Clerk of

the Peace of the County where the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments therein

mentioned, in respect whereof such Debenture or Debentures shall be made out, shall lie, and to take his

Acquittance or Acquittances for the fame, which such Clerk of the Peace is hereby required to give with-

out any Fee or Reward, and which shall be taken and deemed to be valid; and such Messuages, Lmds,

Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, of such Person or Persons respectively so neglecting or refusing

to take such Debenture or Debentures, shall from thenceforth be vested to the Use of his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, as if such Debentures, or the Money payable thereby, had been received by t^e

Parties intitled thereto, and the Money thereon due had been fully satisfied and paid; and such Clerk

of the Peace shall and may afierwards deliver the fame to the Pany or Parties who shall appear to be in-

titled thereto, on being fully paid all such reasonable Charges and Expences (if any) as he shall or may

sustain or be put un.o relating thereto.

4 XIII. And whereas, by means of some Inaccuracy in the Description, in the said two recited Acts of

4 Parliament, of the cxj£1 Quantity, Abuttals, and other Descriptions of the several Messuages and Par-

4 eels of Lands in the Counties of Kent and Ejj'ex therein mentioned to be intended to be purchased and

4 taken for the Use of his Majesty, some Doubt may possibly arise, whether every Particular of the Mef-

4 fuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, which 3re described in the said Commissioners

4 Decrees, and valued by the said respective Juries, are to be taken and paid for by his Majtfty, appears

4 by the said recited Acts to have been intended to have been comprised in the said A<5b of Parliament

‘ respectively 5 and also whether there are not some small Particulars in the said Counties of Kent and

4 EJjexy comprised, or appearing to have been intended to be comprised, in the said Acts, or one of them,

which are not described in the said Commissioners Decrees, nor have been valued by the said respective

Juries aa to be taken and paid for by his Majesty;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

in order to prevent any Inconvenience which may arise by means of any such Doubt, That all and every

the Particulars of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, which have been, in

and by the said recited Decrees, or any of them, or the Verdicts therein respectively mentioned, valued

as to be taken and paid for by his Majesty, and all Appurtenances thereof, for the Purposes in the said

Acts, shall, from and immediately after such Time as the Value thereof shall be paid by the Officers of

the Ordnance, as aforesaid, be, and the fame are hereby vested in his Majesty, to the Use of his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors for ever, unalienable, as mentioned in the said recited Acts with regard to the

Particulars comprised therein, with respect to the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Heredita-

ments, in the said Counties of Kent and EJ[ex% notwithstanding any Inaccuracy in the Description thereof

in the said recited Acts of Parliament, or either of them; and that all and every the Particulars of the

Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the said Counties of Kent and Essex^ or either of them, com-

prised in the said recited Acts of Parliament, or either of them, which (it any) are not valued in or by

the said recited Verdicts and Decrees therein mentioned, or one of them, shall, from and immediately

after the paflihg of this Act and for ever thereafter, be, remaio, and continue, veiled in such Persons or

Vol. XIV. Part I. C ... Person^

' VJUv

9

of the 6Id Elf.

laberh Gordon'#

Estate for Life

in the said Lend,

Scc. to be paid

to the Deputy

Remembrancer.

«rc.

The Interests of

the said Eliza,

beth Gordon,

and the other

Claimant!, pre-

ferred.

Upon the Deitfe

or Removal of

the King*! Re-

membrancer, alt

Mortgages, Ac.

vested in him by

this Act shall

vest io hit Sue-

ceflor, Ac.

If the King’*

Remembrance*

shall hereafter

execute hil Of.

fice in Person,

then the Tinftt

and Powers

hereby vested in

the Deputy /hall

vest in the said

Remembrancer.

Method of Pro-

cedure where tha

proper Person

/hull neglect to

take any Deben-

ture till alter

April l6, IjSlt

All Mtfliisget,

Ac.

which have been

va’u-d 10 be

taken for iiis

Majesty, ftia‘l»

immediately af-

ter the Office

of the OHnaftre

have paid for rbc

Lroe, be vested

in hi* Majesty ;

and a)i those

comprised in tht

recittJ Acts,

wh ch are not

valu'd, fliaM,

from tht passing

