A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C. 23, 24.

44 free. Persons having the Charge of Vessels, to give an Account in Writing of the Weight of Goods

44 therein. Boats to be measurcd and marked. Penalty on obstructing thereof. Matters of Boats to be

€< answerable for Damages done by their Crews. Boatmen obstructing Passage, to be liable to the Penalty

44 of any Sum not exceeding 40 x. or less than 5 s. to be recovered by Distress. Vessels funk, to be

44 weighed up. Owners to have their Names on the Outside of Boats. Persons not legally imitled,

44 driving Carriages on the Banks, to forfeit any Sum not exceeding 40 s. or less than 10 s. Matters of

44 Vessels and other Persons punimable for doing wilful Damage to Works. Penalties and Forfeitures to

44 be recovered by Distress. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter-Sessions. Proceedings not to

44 be quashed for Want of Form. Distress not unlawful for Want of rorm. Trustees may act as Justices.

44 Writings to be without Stamps- The Commissioners of the Black Sluice, and the Adventurers of Deep-

44 ing Fen% their Rights saved. Also the Right of taking Water out of Bourn Eau and River Glen.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, in-

tituled* An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty^ by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the

Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for repealing the present Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scale-

boards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

4 XT THEREAS by an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne,

4 W for laying Duties upon Sope and Paper made in Great Britain, and for other Purposes therein

4 mentioned, certain Duties were laid on all Paper made in Great Britain, according to the several and

4 particular Rates and Values therein enumerated, and other Duties were imposed after the Rate of twelve

4 Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all other Paper so made as aforesaid,

and not particularly charged in the said Act; and by one other Act, made in the twelfth Year of her

4 said late Majesty's Reign, a further Rate and Duty was laid on the said Papers; all which said several

4 Rates and Duties were to be charged, levied, and paid, in Manner as by the said Acts are particularly

4 directed and expressed, and which said Acts are by subsequent Acts continued and made perpetual: And

4 whereas it hath been found by Experience, that the several and respective Rates and Duties so charged

4 upon Paper, by the said Acts particularly enumerated, are not proportionate to the true Value of such

4 Papers; and that the Value of the other Papers rateable by the said Acts, and not therein particularly

4 charged, sworn to, or affirmed by the Makers thereof, and according to which the Duties thereon are

4 charged and payable, have been very unequal, some Persons greatly undervaluing the fame, whereby

great Frauds and Abuses have been committed, to the Detriment of the Revenue, and Injury of the fair

4 Trader: Now, for the remedying of the said Abuses, and to prevent like Frauds, and to the Intent that

4 all Paper-makers may be on an equal Footing; we, your Majesty’s faithful Commons, in Parliament

4 assembled, do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted / and be it enacted by the King’s most Ex-

cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice- and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the

twenty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, the several Rates and Duties upon

Paper, Millboards, Pasteboards, and Scaleboards, given and granted by the said Acts, made in the tenth

and twelfth Years of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, and which have been since continued

and made perpetual (except so much of the said Duties as are imposed by the said Acts upon Paper to be

printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, to ferye for Hangings, and other Uses), shall cease, deter-

mine, and be no longer paid or payable; any Thing in the before-mentioned Acts to the contrary thereof

in anvwife notwithstanding.

4 II. And to the Intent that no Failure or Deficiency may accrue or happen, in the respective Funds to

4 which the Duties upon Paper by this Act determined were appropriated and applicable, by the Deter-

4 ruination of the said Duties/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu thereof there

shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

for and upon all Papers, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, which, from and afrer the said twenty-

first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, shall be made in Great Britain, the several

, and respective Rates and Duties herein-after particularly mentioned and described, and cUffed in the feve-

ral Tables annexed to this Act; that is to say.

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Imperial, of the Value of twb

Pounds eleven Shillings^*/* Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-two Inches

by thirty Inches and a Quarter, nine Shillings:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Super Royal, of the Value of one

Pound eighteen Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of nineteen Inches

and a Quarter by twenty-seven Inches and an Half, six Shillings and Nine-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Royal, of the Value of one Pound

nine Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of nineteen Inches and a Quarter

by twenty-four Inches, five Shillings:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Medium, of the Value of one Pound

two Shillings and Six-pence per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of seventeen

Inches and an Half by twenty-two Inches and an Half, four Shillings;

D* G6t

*9

Preamble,

Recital of two

Acts, made In

10 An nr,

and is Ann*.

« 1

From May 21,

1781, the Du-

ties on Paper,

Miilb'ard?, Ac.

granted by the

recited Acts,

repealed.

(Exception.)

New Duties

granted in/leai

thereof on all

Papers, Parte-

boarJs, Ac,

made in Great

Frit»in j vide-

licet,

Imperil Writ-

ing Paper, 9$.

per Ream;

Super Royal

ditto, 6 s. 9 d.

per Ream ;

Royal ditto,

5 s. per Ream;

Media ditto,

4 s. per Ream;

,gk

