The Company

im powered to

fct apart, be-

tween March 1,

1781, and

March I, I7I],

a Sum sufficient

to pay a Divi-

tfend of 8 per

Cent.

The Deficiency

in la ft Year's

Account to be

carried forward

as a Charge ia

the present

Year,

A.D. 178a. Anno vicesimo iccundo Gboron Jir. C. 52—-54. 9ig

mages, Interest, and Losses, which they became liable to by meant of not having made the said Payments

respectively, at the several and respective Times on which the fame became due, and shall be intitled unto,

and have the fame Discounts,. Allowances, and Advantages, as if the said Sums respectively had been paid

on or before the several and respective Days on which they became due; any Thing in the/aid recited"

Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament* in any wise notwithstanding. > -» < 1

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it (half and may be lawful to a fid fot

the said United Company to fct apart and apply; in the Course of the present Year, from the first Day of

March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, to the first Day of March, one thousand seven hun-

dred and eighty-three, so much Money as shall be equal to eight Pounds per Centumi on the Capital of

three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, as and for a Dividend to the Proprietors of the Stock of the

said Company, and to charge the fame as a Debt in the annual Account to be made up to the first Day rtf

March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; a ad if it shall happen that there shall be a Defi-

ciency in such annual Account, it shall and may be lawful fo£,the. said United Company to carry forward

such Deficiency, as a Charge in the Account of the succeeding Year; any Thing in the said recited Act

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.; '

v 111. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Deficiency of twenty-two

thousand and twenty-three Pounds, appearing in the said annual Account made up to the first Day of

Marchy one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall the carried forward as a Charge in the Account

of the present Year. "

CAP. LID*-’

An Act for preventing the Slaughtering of Cattle within the City of Edinburgh, and for removing Nui-

^ fances and Annoyances therefrom.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the First, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Dependency of the Kingdom of

Ireland upon the Crown of Great Britain.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Preamble.

First, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Dependency of the Kingdom ^Ireland upon the Crown $Ge©. I Cap. 6

4 of Great Britainmay it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may been acted; and be it enacted by recited,

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present . Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That »ndrepealed,

from and after the passing of this Act, the above mentioned Act, and the several Matters and Things

therein contained, mail be, and is and are hereby repealed.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perr:ng Esquire, from going

out of this Kingdom, for a limited Time; and for discovering their Estates and Effects,

and preventing the transporting or alienating the fame.

\T 7HER E A S Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, heretofore Governor and President of the Settlement of Preamble,

4 W Fort Saint Georgey on the Coast of Coromandel in the East Indies% and Peter Perring Esquire, lately

one of the Council of the Settlement aforesaid, appear to be proper and necessary Objects of Justice in

4 Parliament, by reason of divers Breaches of Trust, and high Crimes and Misdemeanors, which there is

4 great Reason to believe have been respectively by them committed: And whereas a Bill is now depend-

4 ing in Parliament for inflicting certain Pains ana Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter

4 Perring Esquire, for certain Breaches of publick Trust, and high Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed

4 by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors, and Members

4 of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint Georgey on the Coast of Coromandel in the East

4 Indies: Now, to the End that the Persons, and Estates real and personal, of the said Sir Tho?nas Rumbold

4 Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, may be secured, so as to answer and be liable to Justice in Parlia-

4 mentbe it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, or either of them,

shall not go or depart out of the Kingdom before the first Day of Februaryr, which shall be in the Year of

our Lotd one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and that the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and

Peter Perring Esquire, shall each of them respectively, before the fifteenth Day of Augufiy in the Year of

our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, in due Form of Law, severally enter into one or

more Recognizance or Recognizances to his Majesty, with two or more sufficient Sureties each, before the

Lord Chief Baron, or two other of the Barons of his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Westminster, in the

respective Penalties herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) In the Penalty of one hundred thousand

Pounds for the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and in the Penalty of fifty thousand Pounds for the Sure-

ties of him the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, no one of such Sureties being in a less Penalty than ten

thousand Pounds; and in the Penalty of fifty thousand Pounds for the said Peter Perring Esquire, and in

the Penalty of twenty thousand Pounds for the Sureties of him the said Peter Perring Esquire, no one of

such Sureties being in a less Penalty than five thousand Pounds; which said several Recognizances shall be

F f z _. .. , made

vjv

Sir Thom at

Rumbold, and

Peter Perring

Esq. not to go

out of the King*

dom befoie Feb.

*, 1783.

Penal tin.

.ogle

