83

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georg 1 ill I. C. 55.

fixed on the Doors of the Churches in Manner herein*before directed; or if he shall make out, lign, or

cause to be patted or fixed on the Doors of the Churches as aforesaid, any false or fraudulent Lift, he shall*

for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds.

XIIL Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That this Act shall not extend, nor be con- To what Free-

strucd to extend, to any Freeman of the find City but such as have a Right to vote in the Eledlion of

Members to serve in Parliament for the said City. . exteni*

XIV. And be it further ena£led, That the Returning Officer or Officers (lull, at all future Elections Ileflion Booth

of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, cauie the Booth for holding such Election to be erected wh<rt 10

in the widest and most convenient Part of the open Market-place called Cross-cbeaping, not contiguous to 4rtatd«

any other Building.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties laid or imposed by this Peoalde* bow

A& shall be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any to

of his Majesty’^ Courts of Record at Weflmirtfler; wherein no Essoin, Pro ted ion, Wager of Law, or

more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That Limitation of

no Person shall be liable to any Penalty by this Act laid or imposed, unless Prosecution be commenced

within one Year after such Penalty shall be incurred.

XVII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, public A A*

and taken to be a Public Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other

Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XVIII. And be it further, enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Dates of all Deeds or Inden- De«*» w Wk*«

turcs of Apprenticeship, together with the Names of the Parties, and their Places of Abode, which, from lurtt

and after the passing of this Act, shall be made and executed between any Person or Persons residing in the ^i^reeSieS

said City of Coventry, or the Suburbs thereof, and his, her, or their Apprentice or Apprentices, under by the Town

which such Apprentice or Apprentices may hereafter have a Right to be admitted to the Freedom of the Clerk,

said City, shall be registered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Town Clerk of" the fame City

for the Time being, within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Execution thereof; which

the said Town Clerk is hereby required to register, and on such Deeds or Indentures to indorse a Certifi-

cate of such Register; and in Default thereof, such Deeds or Indentures shall, to all Intents and Purposes,

be null pad void.

CAP. LV.

An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for

granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof-, for the better and

more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the

Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for

the more pundual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of

the additional Duties imposed on Malt 5 and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act made

in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles from the

additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise imposed by the

said Act.

WHEREAS certain Inland Duties are imposed on all Chocolate made in this Kingdom, but no Preamble.

4 y y such Duties are charged on the Cocoa Nuts from which such Chocolate is made, whereby evil-

4 minded Persons are encouraged to purchase large Quantities of these Nuts, who afterwards do privately

make Chocolate from the same, and vend the said Chocolate so made, without any Duty being charged

4 thereon, to the great Injury of the Revenue, and to the Hurt of the fair Trader; which Fraud cannot

foeffectually be prevented as by repealing the Duties now chargeable upon Chocolate, and by imposing

4 upon all Cocoa Nuts an Inland Duty proportionate to the Duty now to be repealed be it therefore

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, the several

Inland Duties now payable for Chocolate made in Great Britain shall cease, determine, and be no longer

Mid or payable; save and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering any Arrears which may at that

Time remain unpaid of the said Duties, or $0 any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been incurred

upon, or at any Time before, the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one;

any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 II. And, to the Intent that no Failure or Deficiency may accrue or happen, by the Determination of

the said Duties on Chocolate, in the respective Funds to which those Duties were appropriated and ap-

4 plicable,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in lieu thereof, there shall be answered

and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Cocoa Nuts already imported, or which

shall hereafter be imported, into this Kingdom (over and above all other Duties already payable for the

fame at the Custom-house), an Inland Duty after the Rate of Eighteen-pence each Pound Weight Avoir-

dupois, and in that Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity; Tubje& nevertheless to the additional Im-

post of five Pounds per Centum, and of five Pounds per Centum, in the same Manner, and under the fame

Regulations, as the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum, snd of five Pounds per Centum, are granted

to his Majesty by two several Acts, the one made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign

M 2 (intituled,

After July

17*1, the In-

land Dude* on

Chocolate to

cease; except

relating to re-

covering Ar-

rears, Ac.

In lieu thereof

an additional

Inland Duty of

is. 6d. per

Pound /hall be

paid for all Co-

coa Nut* im-

ported; subject

to an addition*

Duty of 5 per

Cenr. granted bf

19 Geo. III.

