369

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tettio Georgii III. C. 68.

general or Head Distfibutor, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, according to the Directions

herein-before contained.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Prosecutions for Recovery of the Duties hereby granted, as also Profccotieni for

for all Forfeitures and Offences made and committed against this Act, shall be heard and determined by any ^7°&7

Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Forfeiture shall be made or Offence committed; ^eurmined by

and if the Party finds himself aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, he shall and m;^y appeal to the neighbouring

Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorized and impowered to hear Justicej

and determine the fame, and their Judgment therein shall be final: And every such Justice is hereby

authorized, and strictly enjoined and required, upon Complaint or Information exhibited and brought for but APoetl may

any Forfeiture incurred, or Offence committed contrary to this Act, to lumtnon the Party accused, and QuttrWffion*#

upon his Appearance, or Refusal or Neglect to appear, to proceed to the Examination of the Matter of v^*rcr 0

Fad; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath

of one or more Wirnefs or Witnesses, to give Judgement thereupon, and to award and issue out Warrants

under his Hand for the levying such Forfeiture or Penalty upon the Goods and Chattels of the Offender;

and to cau-fe Sale to be made of the said Goods and Chattels, if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen

Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted* That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Justice may ml.

Justice, where he shall fee Cause, to mitigate or lessen any such Forfeiture or Penalty as he shall think Pco»'tlcf*

fit, reasonable Coffs to the Officers and Informers being always allowed over and above such Mitigation*

and so that such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to less than a Mi iety of the Penalties incurred, over

and above the Coffs.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties mentioned in this Act (all Distr'ibuuon of

nectfTiry Charges for the Recovery thereof h?ing fi;(f deducted) shall be divided and distributed, cne Baltics.

Moiety thereof to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such

Person and Persons who shall inform and sue for the fam?.

XIII And be it further enacted, That no Person employed by virtue of this Act in receiving or Receiver# i»f the

accounting for the the Duties hereby imposed, shall, merely in reiped of this Act, be disqualified from not dif-

voting at any Election or Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; any Law or Statute to the con- Veter*

trary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV7. And be it further enacted, That the Duties herein-before granted shall he paid from Time to Dutirs to be p»id

Time into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Tims being of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parch* to the Receiver-

ment,^ and Paper, who shall keep a separate and dtllinct Account of the Duiiis, and pay the fame (the |cnenl of

necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the fame, being deducted) into the Receipt of the

Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Duties now charged on Stamped Vellum, Parch- pxu into the

roent, and Paper, are directed to be paid; and in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, there shall Ench^r.

he provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid

into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other Monies paid or pay-

able to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever: And the said Money, so to Application

be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a Fund for the Payment of the several thereof.

Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an

Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of

Annuities, and for establish'tng a Lottery,

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, Persons sued m

molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of E*'cut,onof,h'*

any Clause, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, such Person or Persons, and Bodies Politick or Corpo- the ’General”

rate, shall or may plead the General lflfue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; nrue>

and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs and shall be

become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them entitled to

again!! such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs. Treble Cofti*

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and Rate

the publick Accounts of the Kingdom,

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty Preble,

(intituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and fate the publick Geo. nr.

Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied cai'* 54* recited.

4 to the publick Service; and what Defects there are in the present Abode of receivings collecting, ifinings and ac-

counting for publick Money \ and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less experfive Manner^ the [aid

1 Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Publick); and also by an Act, made

in the twenty-first Year of the Reigh of his present Majesty, for continuing and amending the Hid Ad;

and also by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, (intituled, An Act for further continuing an Afty ai Ceo. Ill,

4 made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, “ An Act for appointing aid enabling <aP* 45*

4< Commissioners to examine, take, and ft ate the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, and to report vehat Bahnees

c< are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the publick Service; and ivhaf Dffcfts there arc in the

44 present Mode of receivings colic ft tug, issuing, and accounting for publick Abney; and in what more expeditious 12 HI,

44 and effectuaU and less expensive> Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on fir the cap*

44 Benefit of the Publick)certain Persons therein named were constituted Commissioners for examining,

4 talcing, a*H dating the Accounts of all Duties, Taxes, and Monies, granted, raised, and appropriated

VM)Q

