43

No Mill or 'En-

gine ro oe ere^tcJ

or used for Praia-

age of Owners

o An* Lac is on<y.

Claufci, t:c. of

former Act ex-

tended to this.

All Sniti to be

commenced

within fix Ca-

lendar Monthly

and brought in

Norfolk,

general Issue.

Treble Coifts.

Publick Act.

preamble.

C. 10—12. Anno vicefiitio quarto Georgii III. Seff u

dar Months after cutting down such Trees or Holts, at any Quarter Session to be held for the said County

of Norfolk^ by Adjournment, at Kino's Lynn, in the said County.

Xii. And oc ir further enacted, 1 hat if any Person or Persons shall, after the passing of this Act, erect

or let up, use or work, any Mill or Engine for the Purpose of draining the private Lands or Grounds of

any Owner or Occupier within the Distiift of the said Drainage, every such Person or Persons shall, for

every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to any Person who will Cue for the

fame; and the Owner or Owners of such Mill or Engine shall also make full Satisfaction to ail and every

Person and Persons, for the Damage he, (he* or they, shall thereby fuftiin ; and such Penalty and Satis-

faction shall be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Informa-

tion, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVejhmnJUr, in which no Essoin, Protection, or Wager

of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed ; and over and above the Penalty and Satisfaction

aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to enter on such

Lands, take down, orcauie to be taken down, such Mills or Engines, and fell the Materials, applying the

Money arising therefrom towards the general Drainage of the Lands aforesaid.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to

repeal, alter, or take away, any of the Clauses, Powers, Provisoes, Authorities, Prohibitions, Exemp-

tions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Powers of Appeal, Matters, and Things, contained in the

said former Act, but that every Clause, Power, Proviso, Authority, Prohibition, Exemption, Penalty,

Forfeiture, punishment, Power of Appeal, Matter, and Thing, therein contained, shall remain and he

■in the fame Force and Effect as if this Act had never been made ; and that all Clauses, Powers, Provisoes,

Authorities, Prohibitions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Powers of Appeal,-Matters*

and Things, contained in the said former Act, shall extend to this Act, as fully and effectmlly as if the

fame were repeated and re-enacted in this present Act, save only and except such Part or Parts thereof as

are altered, taken away, or repealed, by virtue of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted. That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be -commenced or

prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this or the

former Act, or in Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities hereby or thereby given, every such

Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted within six Calendar Months next after

the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the said County of Norfolk, and

not elsewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General

Issue, and if in Replevin may justify and avow, by virtue of this Act or the former Act, as Persons acting by

the Authority of the Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and give this or the former Act, and the

Special Matter, in EviJence, without specially pleading the same (other than as aforesaid), at any Trial

to be thereupon had, and that the Fast alledged to have been done, was done in pursuance and by the Au-

thority of this or the former Act : And if the fame shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action or Suit

shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or Hi all be brought in any other

County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their Suit or

Suits, or if any Verdict shall pass against h m, her, or them, or Judgment be given against him, her, or

them, upon a Demurrer or otherwise, then, and in any of the said Cales, the Defendant or Defendants,

Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, (he, or they shall have the like Remedy

as where Costs by Law are awarded.

XV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed

a Publicle Act ; and ail Judges or Justices, or other Persons, are hereby required to take Nonce thereof as

such without specially pleading the same.

CAP. X.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty four ; together with those named in two former Acts for ap-

pointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in an Aclofthe last Session of Parlia-

ment, intituled, An At1 for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a LandTax^ to be raised in Great Britaia,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. XI. -

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. XII.

An Act to.authorise the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cafes; and to amend the Laws

• respecting the Tran Importation of Offenders.

4 TT 7 HEREAS Difficulties have occurred, which have delayed the carrying into Execution Sen-

• y V tences and Orders of *1 ranfportation of Convicts to Places beyond the Seas, and it may be fpme

4 Time before the said Difficulties can be obviated: And whereas, from the unusually great Numbe'r of

4 Offenders now under Sentence of Death and respited during his Majesty’s Pleasure, or under Sentenceor

Order of Transportation, in the Gaols within and Wales, there is such a Want of convenient

4 and sufficient Room in many of such Gaols, that very dangerous Consequences are to be apprehended,

4 ludeft some immediate Provision -bc made for removing such Offenders to (ome other Plac* of Confine-

?*11*'

