A.D. 1783. Anno viccfimo tertio Georgii Iir. C. 60—6?. 359

as could or might have been in case the present Session of Parliament had been continued, and no Proroga-

tion or Diflulution of Parliament had happened or taken place.

CAP. LX.

An Act for further continuing so much of an Act, passed in the twenty-second Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for refraining Sir Thomas RumboJd Ba~

ronety and Peter Perring Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom, for a limited Tims •, andfof

discovering their Estates and Ejjefts, and preventing the transporting or alienating the fame, as

relates to restraining the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Jifquire,from

alienating or otherwise disposing of their respective real Estates.

* XT THE REAS an Act was passed in this Session of Parliament, for continuing en Act, passed in the Prc,mWe'

4 W twenty second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for restraining Sir Tho-

4 mas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring EJquirey from going out of this Kingdom, for a limitea Time; and 5^0^*

4 for dif covering their Estates and Ejfefts, andprrjenting the transporting or alienating the fame) : And whereas, *

4 by virtue of the said recited Act, the said Act, passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his pre-

4 sent Majesty, is to have Continuance, and be in Force, until the End of the present Session of Parliament,

4 and no longer : And whereasa Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on the said Sir Thomas Rum-

4 bold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, for certain Breaches cf Publick Trust, and High Crimes and

4 Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President,

4 Counsellors, and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort St. Georgey on the Coastof

4 Coromandely in the East Indies, is ftiil depending in Parliament, and it is therefore expedient that the said

4 Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, which, by virtue of the said

4 recited Act, will have Continuance, and be in Force, only until the End of the present Session of Parlia-

4 ment, ftiotild be in Part further continued, in order, and to the Intent, that the teal Estates of them, the

4 said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, may be secured so as to answer and be liable

4 to Justice in Parliament :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much Pjwtcfa* Geo,

ofrhe above-mentioned Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, c«ntin«e4 until

jtn Act for refraining Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom, l7g^

for a limited Time ; and for discovering their Estates and EffeftSy and preventing the transporting or alienating

the famey as relates to restraining the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, from

alienating or otherwise disposing of their respective real Estates, shall, and is hereby declared to have Con-

tinuance, and be in Force, from the Expiration of the Term limited by the said recited Act, parted in this

Session of Pailiamerir, until the first Day of February y one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public*

Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whom*

soever, without specially pleading the same*

CAP. LXI.

An Act for vesting In Henry Earl of Pembroke, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, the Fee-simp!e and In-

heritance of the Hundred of KynwardJlony and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of Great

Bedwyn and Burbage, in the County of Wilts j and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu

thereof to the same Uses.

u Letters Patent of ' Edw. VI. dated May 7, recited. The Lands, situated in Great Bedwyn and Burbage,

veiled in the Earl of Pimbrokey his Heirs, tfc. in Fee, discharged from all Claim of the Crown in respect

*44 thereof. Other Manors, lAc veiled in rhe Heirs Male of William the first Earl of Pembroke, with the

41 ultimate Remainder thereof to his Majesty.”

CAP. LXIt.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a Stamp-duty on Licences to be taken out by certain

Persons uttering or vending Medicines*, and certain Stamp-duties on all Medicines fold

under such Licences, or under the Authority of his Majesty’s Letter Patent.

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

1 \X7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, tn'Parliament Preamble

* ▼ V assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have granted to your Majesty in this

4 Session of Parliament, have voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Rates and Duties

4 herein-after mentioned and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That, from and after the first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eiehty-tfiree, there shall

be charged, levied, and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several

A a a a Rates

From ScfT, t#

178$, certain

uLw

lOO

gie

