A.D. 1783, Anno vicesimo tertlo Georgm III* c- 9*- 4i7

* for making Collateral Cuts up to several Coal Mines: And whereas an Act was passed in the ninth Year 9 Gw-1W*

‘ of his said present Majesty’s Reign, to re<3ify a Mistake in the said first-mentioned Act, and to explain

4 and amend the fame: And whereas the said Canal hath long since been completed from ccitiin Parts

c of the Town of Birmingham to Autherley, as also the said Collateral Cuts in the said first Act particularly

* mentioned : And whereas there are several other Tracts of Land near to the said Canal and ColLteral

Cuts, wherein there are large and valuable Mines of Coal and Iron-done : And whereas the extending.

4 one of the present Collateral Cuts of the fcid Canal, from a Place near Rider's Green to Broadwater Fire

4 Engine; also, the-extending of the said Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham^ in the County

4 of IVarwick, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Faze/ey, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the County

4 of Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham, may induce the

4 Proprietors of the Oxford and Coventry Canals tofinifh and complete the same, and thereby open a Com-

4 munication between the said Mines and the Coventry and Oxford Canals, as also between the Counties of

4 Bucks, Oxford, Northampton, and Warwick, and the Ports of Br/fcl, Liverpool, and Hull, and the inter-

4 mediate Towns; and may be of Benefit and Advantage to those Counties, and tend to the Encou-

4 ragement of Commercial Intercourse: And whereas the several Persons herein-afeer particulaily named

4 are willing and desirous, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to make and maintain such two

* Extensions of Canal, and also Collateral Cuts up to the said other Tracts of Lands, and to the lower

4 Part of the said Town of Birmingham: But the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Aulhorityv

4 of Parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enafled/ &c.

44 Proprietors appointed; who are incorporated by theName of 27* Company cf Proprietors of the Birmingham

44 andF azeley Canal Navigation. Usual Powers given. Surveys to be taken, and Maps and Book of Reference

44 to be authenticated, and allowed in Evidence. Cuts and Canals to be made pursuant to the Plan. Land-

44 owners omitted >in the Book of Reference, not to obstruct making the Canals and Cuts. Clause to

44 rectify a Mistake in the Plan in the Course of a Collateral Branch of the Canal. The Works to be begun

44 and carried on with as much Expedition as may be, and to be begun at Birmingham and Fazelcy at the

44 fame Time. The Company to expend 20,0c 0/ annually in carrying on the Works A Junction with

44 the Oxford, Coventry, and Grand Trunk Canals, to be promoted. Agreement entered into, by former

44 Subscribers confirmed. No Works 'to be created nearer to Pipe Hall and Middleton Hall, than §00

4< Yards. Towing Paths in the Parish of Middleton to be made on theEast Side of the Canal. Bridges to

44 be made opposite Snake Bank Gate and Meadotv Lane, Power given to take Water from Mines within

44 1000 Yards of the Canals, &c. Clause to oblige the Proprietors of Fire Engines to lift their Water into

44 the Canals and Collateral Cuts. The Company of Proprietors restrained from making any Reservoir

44 on certain Lands; and the Width of the Canal limited through the fame. Clause for taking Water

44 out of the Canal to supply Engines, and returning it. Water not to be taken from the Canal without

44 Notice. Disputes to be settled by the Commissioners. Clause to prevent the Company of Proprietors

44 of the old Birmingham Canal from drawing the Water from the JVolverhampton Level below the Depth of

44 three Feet. Clause relative to Broadivaters, Company not to take Water, which shall be raised ftom

44 Mines belonging to Lord Dudley and Mr. Hoo, until they shall have used it, if they think proper.

44 Clauses for securing the Water which supplies certain Mills and Forges; and for jueferving Mr.

44 fervoife*s Water, in the Parish of West Bromwich, Company to keep the Water in the Canal, upon the

44 low Level between Rider s Green and the Mines, of such Heighth as to carry Boats with the like Burthen

44 as upon the high Level. Owners of Mines to make Railways. The Banks of the Water-courses 10 -

44 be kept fufticienily Water-tight. Mine-owners may make Side Cuts across Roads, first making a tem-

44 porary Road, fcfc. Water raised from Mines not to be taken unless the Produce of the Mints be carried

44 on some Part of the Canals or Cuts. Bodies Politick, fsfc, impowered to sell and convey. The^

44 Proprietors to purchase a Bit of Land of Dr. Petit's Trustees. Clause for taking down Buildings in

44 Birmingham. Proprietors to purchase Sir Thomas Gooch's Property in Park-freet and Digbcth jlrcet

M within a limited Time. Thimble Mill and Blue Gate Streams to be turned under the Canal. The Water

44 belonging; to Plant's ATill not to be diminished. Commissioners appointed to settle Differences. In what

44 Cafes Juries to be impanelled. Jurors may be challenged. Sheriff, Cfr. making Default, to forfeit a Sum

44 not exceeding 5/. Persons requesting Juries, to enter into Bonds to prosecute. Notice of Injury to be given

44 to the Company of Proprietors before Complaint is made to Commissioners. Upon Payment, or Tender

44 of Monies, Company of Proprietors to enter to make Canals and Cuts. Vcrdicls, Zzfc.'to be recorded,

44 and Lands to become veiled in the Company* Proprietors to be taxed for Lands and Buildings in the ;

44 fame Proportions as adjoining Lands and Buildings. Purchdfe Monies to he laid out to the fame -

44 Uses. Commissioners to settle Proportion of Money to be paid to Persons interested. If Costs ar.4

44 Damages be not paid within four Months, the fame may be levied by Distref's. Commissioners to enter '

44 Proceedings in a Book, and appoint a Clerk. Clause to prevent dtftroying the Works. Proprietors

44 may raise *q,oo0/. Capital among themselves, to carry on the Works; to be divided into Shares. No

44 Person to have more than 15 Shares. Money to be raised to be divided into 500 Shares, at i;o/. rachr

44 Additional Sum of 3?,coo/, may be raised if necessary. Intend to be paid to Subscribers out of the

44 Money raised whilst the Works are carrying on. Subscribers to have a Vote for every Share. General

44 Assemblies to be held for chusing a Committee. Committee to be under Controul of General Allembly,

44 General Assemblies to consist of 250 Shares. Proprietors neglecting to answer Calls, to forfeit rheir

44 Shares. Subscriber forfeiting his Share shall have personal Notice, and the Forfeiture mud be declared

44 at a Gencial Assembly. General Assemblies may make Bye-laws. On Deaih or Subscribers before

44 Shares completed, Executors allowed to contribute. Shares may be dispofVd of After a Call, no

44 Share to be sold, till the Money is paid. Clerk to be appointed for the Company, and his Office.

44 Books to be kept by the Committee* Commissioners impowered to take Rates fur Tonnage and Whaif-

