240

said Act may be

determined by

tnv three of Xht

said Ceramif-

-fieAcre.

Thl« Act notto

thrive ihe

Pmvns of Excise

-Officers.

Penalty on af-

fauliinp or to-

posing Fxcifc

€)fHcers in exe-

cuting this Act.

Limitaton tf

Action*.

general iff at.

rTxtble C§fij.

Pjcanble.

If John Whirp-

b,)l Efitj. shall,

within 42 Da j 5

after tbrte No-

tice* in the Lon-

don Gazette, re-

turn into this

Kingdom, be

ihail enter into

Recognizance

not to leave the

fame befote feb,

i, 1784.

In case he ne-

gieft to enter into

such Rec< gni»

aance, Barons 0/

the Exchequer

may commit him

to the Fleet ;

C. 69. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.T). 1782,

twenty-fifth Day of July, One thoufartd seven hundred and eighty-two, shall not he heard, adjudged, and

determined, but shall then, or at any Time after, be depending at the said Chief Office, shall and may be

<heard, adjudged, and determined, by any three or mote of such Commissionvis for the l ime being; and

that it shall be sufficient, in the written Account or Record of such Proceedings, to mention that such Pio-

fecutions are made and exhibited to and before three of such Commissioners, without particularly men-

tioning or expressing the Christian and Surname of such three Commissioners for the l ime being; and

that every such Adjudication and Determination of such three or more of such Commissioners for the

l ime being shall, and hereby is declared to be as good and valid in the Law, and of the fame Force and

Eft'eft, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as it such Adjudication and Determination had been by all,

or by the Majority of such Commissioners for the Time being; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any-

wife notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend,

or be construed to extend, to takeaway or lellen any of the Powers or Authorities heretofore given to

the Officers of Excise, and for the Inland Duties, by any Law or Laws now in Force relative to the said

Duties.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Perflrn or Persons whatsoeve’r

stall act'ault, refill, oppose, molest, or hinder, any Officer or Officers of Excise, or for the Inland Duties,

in the due Execution of the Powers or Authorities given or granted to such Officer or Officers by this

Act, every Person or Persons to doing shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of fif:y

Pounds.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons (half,

.at any Time or Times, be sued or prosecuted for any Act or Thing by him or them done or executed by

virtue or in pursuance of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties of Excise, or

Inland Duties, such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced within the Space of three Monchs next

after the Act or Thing done, and which shall be sued in the proper County; and such Person or Persons

shall and may plead the General Ifl'ue, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence, for his or

their Defence; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff'or

Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall discontinue his or their Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall

ff)e given against him or them, on Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have

Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or-Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXIX.

, An Act for compelling John Whitehill Esquire to return into this Kingdom; and for re-

training him, in case of his Return, from going out of this Kingdom, for a limited

Time.; and for discovering his Estates and ElFcds, and preventing the tran/porting or

alienating of the fame.

WHERE A S John Whitehill Esquire, heretofore Governor and PrefiJcnt of the Settlement of Fort

Saint Grorge, on the Coast of Coromandel in the Er/ff Indies, and also heretofore Member of the

Council and of the Select Committee of the Settlement aforesaid, appears, from various Papers and

4 Records of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by Reason of his

4 Conduct as Governor, and one of the Council and of the Select Committee of rhe Settlement aforesaid,

4 to be a fit Oojeft of Justice in Parliament: And whereas the said John Whitehill Esquire is now out of

4 this Kingdom; therefore, and to the End that the Person, and Effaces real and personal, of the said Jcbn

4 Whit eh ill may be forth-corning and secured, so as to be liable to Justice in Parliament;' may it p/eafe

your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if the said John Whitehill Esquire shall, within

the Space of forty-two Days next after three several Nonces shall have been given in the London Gazette

for that Purpose, return into this Kingdom, which Notices one of his Mnjeity’s Principal Secretaries of

State is hereby required to insert in the said Gazette within fourteen Days next after thepa/fing of this Act},

he, the said John Whitehill Esquire, shall not go or depart out of the Kingdom before the first Day of

February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and that the said John Whitehill Esquire shall,

within the Space of twenty-eight Days next after his Return into this Kingdom, in due Form of Law, enter

s into one or more Recognizance or Recognizances to his Majesty, wi th t wo or more fufEcien t Sureties, before the

Lord Chief Baron, or two other of the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, in the

Penalty of fifty thousand Pounds for the said John Whitehill Esquire, and in the Penalty of twenry thousand

Pounds for his Sureties, no one of such Sureties being in a less Penalty than five thousand Pounds; which

said several Recognizances shall be made upon this Condition 5 That if the said John Whitehill Esquire,

who shall enter into such Recognizance, shall not go or depart out of this Kingdom before the first Day

of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, then such Recognizances shall be void, other-

.wife the fame (bail remain in Force; for the taking, entering, and inrollin\g of which Recognizance or Re-

cognizances, the said Lord Chief Baron.or Barons, or other Officer, mail take ten Shillings, and no

more, beftdes the Stamp duty: And in case the said John Whitehill Esquire shall neglect to enter into

such Recognizance within the Space of rwenty-eight Days next after his Return into this Kingdom, he shall,

by the said Lord Chief Baron or Barons, or any twoormore of them, be committed to the Ptifbn of the

Fleet, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until the said first Day of February, one thousand

seven hundred and eighty-three, or until be shall enter into fitch Recognizance with Sureties as aforesaid;

Gooool

