288

So moeh of

16 Ceo. HI,

cap. 37.

a* relates to

allowing the

[Exportation

of Wheat, &c«

to his Majes*

tv’s Sugar

Coloniti ill

America,

further coo-

tinned until

Way f, 1784,

So much of

17 Geo. Ill,

cap. 43.

as penniti the

Exportation

of Tobacco*

pipe Clay to

the Sugar

Colonies,

further con-

tinued until

Juie 14,17*7,

Ac.

20 Geo. III.

cap. 15.

farther con-

tinued until

&?3h 97*6*

Preamble,

Act 6 Geo. II,

cag, *9*

further con$»

sued until

June 24, 1794.

C. 7-^9. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of «n Act, made in the fix-

teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for alloiving the Exportation of certain

Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to Elis Majestys Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island of

Saint Helena,*and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading

to the East Indies, and of Biscuit and Peafc to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, bay Chalrur, and Labrador;

and for indemnifying allPersons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution His Majestys Orders of

Council already made for allowing the Exportation of Wheat, and other Articles; as relates to allowing the Ex-

portation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America,

which was to continue in Force until the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

seven 5 and which, by several Acts, made in the seventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-

first, and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the first Day of

May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- three; shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued

until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the seven-

teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Eleventh Rule in the

Book of Rates, so far as the fame relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants

and Raiftns, and for making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties in lieu thereof; and for

explaining the said Rule with respect to such Allowance for Damage on other Goods; and to permit the Exporta-

tion of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the Weft l-vli v*, for

a limited Time , as permits the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar

Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies', which was to continue in Force until the twenty-fourth Day

of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, was continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the fame is

hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand

seven hundred and eighty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twentieth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Pot and Pearl Ashes,

Wood and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, for a limited

Time*, which was to continue in Force until the thirty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-three, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the thirty-first Day of May, one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for continuing several Acts passed for the better Regulation of Laftage and

Ballaftage in the River Thames.

TT WHEREAS the Law herein-after mentioned has, by Experience, been found useful and beneficial,

W and is near expiring; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it

enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the

better Regulation of Lajlage and Ballaftage in the River Thames, which was to continue in Force from the

first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, for five Years, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the eleventh Year of the

Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof for seven Years, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the

eighteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof

for eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by

another Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amended, and

further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the

eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, was further continued from

the Expiration thereof for eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-

fourth Day of June, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundied and ninety-four*

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. IX.,

An Act for allowing the Importation of Rice, Paddy, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, and Maize,

free from Duty, for a limited Time.

Preamble* c WHEREAS allowing the free Importation of Rice, Paddy, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, and Maize,

YY into Great Britain, for a limited Time, will be of great Advantage, and may be the Means of

4 encouraging the making of Starch from Rice f may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be

4 enacted 3

