37°

Com^i/r»cr.ers

*[p< in e* n ex-

amine at d (late

the p <b.k!c Ac-

crunts of ihc

K ingdom*

The recited Afls

to continue in

Fo-ce after

Jdy 11, 17-3*

No Commission-

er to ho'd a Civil

Office of Profit

duiing Pleasure

Any three of the

Commissioners

to be sworn be-

fore the Ch?n-

crllor of the Ex-

chequer, &c.

The Oath*

The said three

Comm;flic tiers to

sdminister the

Oath to the red,

Lords of the

Treasury may

pay aocol# to

the Order of

the Comroif-

fionerj.

Application

theieof.

Eteeutora of Ac-

countants to at*

tend Commis-

ftoners, and exe-

cute their

Orders.

Continuance of

this AQ,

C. 68. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

4 for the publick Service of this Kingdom which had been issued to any Person or Persons whatsoever,

4 whose final Accounts have not hitherto been passed before the Auditor of the impress, according to the

4 Forms of the Exchequer, or whose Accounts, although passed, have been for Setvjccs which have been

4 performed since the li: ff Day of January^ one thousand leven hundred and seventy-iix ; and aifoof all such

4 Duties, Taxes, and Monies, which should thereafter be granted, raised, and appropriated for the pub-

4 lick Service of this Kingdom, at any Time before the Determination of the said hrft-mentinned Ad,

4 and of all Arrears thereof; and also for examining and dating in what Manner, and at what l imes the

4 Receipts, 1Ulies, and Expenditures or the said pubhek Monies were then accounted for, and for consider-

4 ing of and repotting by what Means and Methods the publick Accounts might in future be passed, and the

4 Accountants compelled to pay the Balances or Monies due from them, in a more expeditious, more

4 effectual, and less expensive Manner: And whereas the said Commissioners have made a considerable

4 Prof rtfs in the Execution of the Powers veiled in them by the said Acts, and have, in the Couife and

4 Order of the Examinations and Proceedings taken and had by virtue thereof, dated and reported to

4 his Majesty, and to Parliament, sundry Matters of great Importance and Concern to the publick Ser-

4 vice, and it is highly expedient that the Enquiries into, and Examinations of, the other Accounts,

4 Matters, and Things, referred to them by the said Aril-recited Act, Hiould be continued and finished,

4 and the Result of them dated, for the further Information and Satisfaction of his Majesty and his People/

be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confine of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tins present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame, T hat Thomas Anguish Esquire, Arthur Piggott Kfqutre, Richard Ncave Esquire, Samuel

llcachcrcft Esquire, George Drummond Esquire, and It illiam Rce Esquire, or any three or more of them,

shall be, and are hereby conllituted Commissioners for examimrg, taking, ard Hating the Accounts in the

said fix ft-recited Act mentioned ; and also for examining and Hating in what Manner, and at what Times,

the Receipts, lilucs, and Exptndittrcs of the said publick Monks arc now accounted for, and for c-nu-

dering of and reporting by what Means and Methods the publick Accounts tnay in future be passed,

and the Accountants compelled to pay the Balances of Monies due from them, in a more expeditious,

mo-e effectual, and less expensive Manner; and that the said Acts, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing

contained therein, and all the Powers and Authoiities given to the said Commissioners therein named, or

any three or more of them (except where altered by this Act), shall be and continue in full Force and

Virtue, to all Intents, ConltruHLns, and Purposes whatsoever, from and after the twelfth Day of

July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-t'hrcc, and shall and may be executed by the Commissioners

hereby confiiiuted, or any three or more of them.

II. And be it further emidted, That no Person appointed a Commissioner by this Act shall accept of,

or hold, any civil Office of Profit during Pleasure, from or under his Majesty, during the Continuance of

this Act.

under his Majesty.

III. And be it further enacted, That any three of the said Commissioners in this Act, before they

enter upon the Execution of the fame, (lull take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or

before the Mafier of the Rolls for the Time being (which they and either of them are hereby authorized

and required to administerj, the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth ; (that is to say J

4 T A. B. do swear. That, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impar-

4 A tially, and truly, execute the several Powers and Trulls veiled in by an Act, intituled, An Act for

4 appointing and enabling Commiffoners further to examine, takey andJlatc the publick Accounts of the Kingdom j

4 according to the Tenor and Purport of the said A it.9

And every other of the said Commissionfrs in this Act named shall likewise take the fame Oath before the

said three Commissioners, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the fame after they shall

themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted. That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Trea-

surer for the Time being, are hereby authorized and required to issue and cause to be paid all such Sums

of Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or

any three or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, desire or direct, out of any Part of

the publick Monies remaining in his Majesty’s Exchequer; which Sums so issued and paid shall be em-

ployed for the Payment of CJeiks, Messengers, and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary

Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of this A<£1, and in such Manner, and in such Pro-

portions, as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, by Writing

under their Hands and Seals, in that Idehalf; the fame to be accounted for by the Person or Persons to

whom the fame shall be iiTued or paid, according to the Course of his Majesty’s Exchequer, without any

Fees or other Charges to be taken or demanded for the issuing and Payment of the fame on the passing

of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them,

shall appoint: And which Money, so issued, and also such Allowances as shall be made to the said

Commissioners, shall not be subject to any Tax, Duty, Rate, or Aficfl’ment whatsoever, imposed by

Authority of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any such publick Accountant is dead, the Executors or Ad-

ministrators of such deceased Accountant shall, when required thereto by the said Commissioners, or any

three or more of them, attend the said Commissioners, and observe and execute the Orders and Di-

regions of the said Commissioners, in like Manner as Accountants by this A£i are required to do.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, so far as relates to the Powers of taking, examining,

and dating Accounts, and administering of Oaths and issuing of Precepts, <hall endure for the Space of

one Year from the twelfth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and no longer.

