5*

Qualification of

Cwnmissioneri*

Commi (Honor #r

Ufiicer may teo-

dtr Amtnds,

Ac,

Flaintlflf not to

recover unless

such No ice be

proved.

Amends may be

tendered pend-

ing the Suit,

Ho Evidence to

be given but

vrhat ii contain-

ed in the Notice,

Limitation of

Action*.

Central 1/Tue^

T*lr’c Ct fit.

Public A a.

C 39, Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 17S1,

Agents together with the Place of his Abode, who shall be intitled to have the Fee of twenty Shillings

for the preparing and serving of such Notice, and no more.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of afling a? a Commis-

fioner in the Execution of this A&, unless he shall be an Householder within the Town or Liberties of

Beverley9 or shall be possessed of a Real Estate of the annual Value of twenty Pounds, or of a Personal

Estate of the Value of three hundred Pounds; and if any Person, not being so qualified, shall act as a

Commissioner, every Person so acting shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, ro any Pci son or Pi r-

fons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, by Action of

Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Piotcdtion, or Wager of

Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the Person so proftcuted shall prove that he is

qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proot being given of his having acted

as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enaifted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and tray be lawful to and

for such Commissioner or Officer, at any Time within one Calendar Month after such Notice given ns

aforesaid, to tender Amends to the Party complaining, or to his Attorney or Agent; and in case the fame

shall not be accepted, to plead such Tender in 13ai to any Action to be brought against him, gmundid

on such Writ or Process, together with the Plea of Not Guilty, and any other Plea, with Leave of Court;

and if, upon Issue joined thereon, the Jury shall find the Amends so tendered to have been suficient, then

they shall give a Verdict for the Defendant; and in such Cafe, or in case the Plaintiff shall become non-

suited, or lltall discontinue his or her Action, or in case Judgment shall be given for such Defendant or

Defendants upon Demurrer, such Defendant shall be entitled to the like Costs as he would have been

entitled unto in case he had pleaded the General Itlue only; and if, upon Issue so joined, the Jury (lull

find that no Amends were tendered, or that the fame were not sufficirnt, and also against thr- Defendant

or Defendants in such other Plea or Plea?, then they shall give a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and such

Damages as they IhaH think proper, which he or she shall recover, together with his or her Costs of

Suit.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no such Plaintiff shall recover any Vcrdifl against such

Commissioner or Officer, in any Cafe where the Action shall be grounded cn any Act of the Defendant

as a Commissioner or Officer, unless it is proved, upon the Trial of such Action, that such Notice was

given as aforesaid ;-but in Default thereof, such Con.missioner or Officer shall recover a Verddt and Colls

as aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such Commissioner or

Officer shall negle£I to tender any Amends, or shall tender infoffieient Amends, before the Action brought,

it shall and may be lawful for him, by Leave of the Court where such AcHon shall depend, at any I ime

before I flue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he shall fee fit; whereupon such Proceed-

ings, Orders, and Judgments, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions

.where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff

on the Trial of any such Action as aforesaid, of any Cause of AvSiion, except such as is contained in the

Notice hereby directed to be given-

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Acbon or Suit shall be

commenced 2g3inft any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance of

this A iff, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next afrer the

Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards; and (hill be laid or brought in the Town of Beverley^ or

in the County of 2’sr/', and not eilewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such A£tiun or Suit shall

and may plead the Gcner.il I/Fue, and give this Act, and the Special M itter, in Evidence at any Tn d to

be had thereon: And if it shall happen ro be done in pursuance of this Act, or that such Action or Suit

shall be brought after the Time herein before limited in that Behalf, or shall be brought in any other

County or Place than as aforesaid, tfwn the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and up*»n

such VerdicI, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become n^n'uitc*?, or discontinue his, her, or their

A£lion or Suit, or if upon Verdict or Demurrer Judgment shall b? given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble such Cods as are usually t3\cd and allowed

between Party and Party, and have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or

have rn any other Cafes by Law.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That flys Act fh dl he deemed, ad-

judged, and taken to be a Public Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as Iu,h by all Judges, Justices,

and other Persons whoiusoever, without the fame being specially pleaded.

Troomble.

^ Geo, nr.

Cap. 69. rc-

«iM4»

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for further securing the Property of the Owners in such Ships or VelTcIs as are

liable to Forfeiture for importing Spirits or other Goods, by the Miicondud of the

Mailers, Mates, and Seamen.

c WHEREAS by an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty fin-

tituled, AnA ft far the more effectually preverting the Practices Smuggling in this king-

dom; and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty Of'nun again/} the Laws of the Cu/foms and Exaje,

upon the Terms therein mentioned), it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That where any foreign Brandy,

4 of

