A.D. 1783, Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 40—42. 3JJ

{hall happen that there /hall not be any Officer so appointed, then, and in such Cafe, such Bond shall and

may be discharged, upon a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of any IVLgifirate of the said United States,

or any of them, certif ying that there is no such Officer at such Port or Place, and that Oach hath been made

before such Magistrate, by the Matter, or other Person having the Change of such Ship, that the Goods for

which such Certificate in required were duly landed by him within the in id United States.

Ill. And be it further enacted, 7 'hat, during the Continuance of this Act? it shall and may be lawful for

his Majesty in Council, by Order or Orders to be itt'ued and published from Time to Time, to give such

Directions, and to make such Regulafions, with respect to Duties, Drawbacks, or otherwise, for carrying

on the Trade and Commerce between the People and Territories belonging to the Crown of Great Britain

and (he People and Territories of the said United States, as to his Majesty in Council shall appear mott

expedient and salutary; any Law, Usage, or Cuttom, to the contrary notwithttar.ding.

IV. Provided always, 7'hat this A61, and the Powers and Authorities hereby given to his Majesty, and

all Orders issued and published in consequence thereof, shall continue and be in Force until the twentieth

Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and no longer.

CAP. XL.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia, and of the Cloathing for the Serjeants and Drum-

mers of the MiJitia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-

fifth Day of Alarch, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for empowering Per fans navigating Vcfl’cls upon the River Trent, between a Place called IFilden

Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, and the Town of Burton upon Trent, ji>

the County of Stafford, to hale the fame with Horses.

44 Preamble, reciting 10 & n Gul. III. cap. 21. Lord powered to m^ke and keep in Repair Tow-

44 ing Paths for Horles. To wing Paths confined to one Side of the River. Four Plans and Books of Re-

44 fe/ence to be produced, "lowing Paths to be made over Lands, though Owners Names not inserted in

44 Book of Reference ; but not to be made on the opposite Side. No Deviation to be made in the l owing

44 Path. If any Alteration in the Banks, so as to va/y from the Plan, Commissioners may alter the Boun-

44 daries. Vtttcls not to be haled with Horses until Towing Path made- Gates, Bridges, tic. to be made

44 across ibe Towing Path. In case of Neglect, Owners, tic. to make the fame; who shall be paid their

44 Expences. Fords not to be made deeper than t8 Inches. Fords to be deepened according to those in

44 the River Trent between ITilden Ferry and Gainfbo*ough. Power given to enter Lands to make the Tow-

44 ing Path, making Satisfaction for Damages. Method of ascertaining Damages. Annual Rent to be

44 paid for Haling Path. The Right of Soil of the Haling Path reserved. Conveyance to be inrolled, and

44 true Copies allowed to be Evidence. O'pyhoid Rights prefetved. Damages not provided for to be

4* settled by the Commissioners. Commissioners to settle Disputes between the Undertaker and Proprietors

44 relating to the Purchase of Land, or Damages. In case of Refusal to agree, to be settled by a Jury.

44 Jurors may be challenged. Commissioners may examine Witmttes. Verdict of Jury, tic. to be final.

44 Witneilcsor Jurymen neglecting to attend, to forfeit a Sum not less than 40 j. or more than 5/. De-

44 crees of the Commissioners to be filed with the Clerk of the Peace for the respective Counties. Purchase

44 Money due to Corporations and TrufEes to be laid out to the same Uses. In Default of Payment,

44 Rates to be liable, or to be recovered at Law. Satisfaction being made or tendered, the Company may

44 enter and proceed in their Works. No Agreement with Tenants or Lefl'ecs to be binding longer than the

44 Pofi'efiion shall continue. 7 ow ing Path may be fenced from the adjoining Lands, but so as not to ob-

44 firudt the Passage. Houses may be built, so as not to obttruft Towing Path. Power given to dig Gra-

45 vel,£>Y. to make Towing Path, in Waste Grounds, gralis; or in private Grounds, making Sntisfaftion

44 for the fame. Bargemen, tic. having on board Dogs, Guns, or Nets, for dettroying Fish or Game, to

44 forfeit $ /. Clause for preventing Trcfpafles upon the Lands by the Horses haling vett'els. Ownets of

44 VfiTels answerable for Damage done by their Servants; but may recover from their Servants. Names

£4 of Owners to be put on Veffi Is, tic* Persons damaging Towing Path, Gates, tic. to forfeit from $ /. to

41 4cr. at the Discretion of the Justice. Towing Path may be used as a BtiJIe-wiy, tic. by Occupiers of

44 Land; but shall not obttruft the Horses towing. Power to take a reasonable 7'onnage for Vett'els to de-

44 fray the Expence of the Towing Path. No 7'olI to be taken for Vessels p ’fling between IVilden Ferry and

4< Castle Bennington ; or for Gravel, Dung, Soil, Marl, or Lime. Upon Requett of Owners or Occupiers,

€l a Meeting of Commissioners to be had. Any three Commissioners may summon Meetings. Clause for

44 preserving the Water for the Use of Mills ; and for prefirving the Salmon Fishery. Penalties and For-

44 feitures how to be recovered and applied. Proceeding* not to be subject to Stamp-duties. Clause for

44 compelling Subscribers to pay in their Subscriptions. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sef-

4t fions. So much of 10 tl 11 Gul. III. cap. 20, as restrains Persons from making Wharfs, tic, between

44 IVilden Ferry and Nottingham Bridges y repealed.”

CAP. XLII.

An Act for better Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting, the Parish of Saint Paul Covert Garden, within the

Liberty of Westminster, and certain Places adjoining thereto 5 and for removing and preventing Nuilance*

and Annoyances therein*

Hij Majesty ?nv*

powered to make

Regulation* for

carrying on

Trade with

America.

Confinnance of

(hit Ad.

CAP.

