Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III,

A.D. 1783;

352 C. 51—53*

Preamble.

A& 5 Elis, re-

cited.

and repealed.

Preamble,

Commission-

ers of Supply

for certain

Countie* in

Scotland may

allcf$ the

Landholder* to

raise a Sum of

JWosry,

so be applied in

relieving Inha-

bitant* reduced

to Indigence by

the Failure of

last Year’* Crop,

His Majesty im-

powered, during

the Recess of

Pirliamt nt, to

issue hit Procla-

mation for allow-

ing the Import-

a ion of Cotp,

for four

Month?, into

the Laid

Counties.

What Corn and

Flour rmy be

impoued.

CAP. LI.

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, in-

tituled, An Act for further Pumjkment of Vagabonds calling them]elves Egyptians.

* \T7HFREAS an Act* made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for

4 ▼ V further Punishment of Vagabonds calling the mselves Egyptians, is and ought to be considered as a Law

c of exetffive Severity >’ be it theiefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this p eient Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authonry of the fame. That, from and after the first Day of August, one thousand

seven hundred and eighty-tnrec, the said Act {hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

CAP. LI I.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Dcfcriion •, and for the better Payment of the Army and their

Quarters, within the Realm of Great Britain.

• CAP. LI II.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of Supply of the several Counties therein mentioned,

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to aflels and levy certain Sums for relieving

such of the Inhabitants of the said Counties as have been reduced to Indigence by the

Failure of the last: Year’s Crop of Corn; and to enable his Majesty, during the next

Recess of Parliament, by and with rhe Advice of his Privy Council, to permit the Im-

portation of Corn into the said Counties for a limited Time, and in Ships or Vessels be-

longing to any State in Amity with his Majesty, navigated by Foreign Seamen.

f XX/’HEREAS it is highly neerssary to make feme Provision for the Relief of such of the Inhabit—

1 ▼ V ants of the several Counties of Perth, Kincard ne. Aberdeen, Inverness. Refs, Nairne, Cromantie,

4 Argyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, Caithness, Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, anti Zetland, as are or {hall be

€ reduced to Distrcfs by the Failure of the last Year’s Crop of Corn, and the corrfrquent Scarcity and

1 high Price of Corn occasioned thereby*/ Ma$ it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

rity of the fame, Thar the Commissioners of Supply for the said several and respective Counties of Perthr

Kincardine, Aberdeen, Inverness, Rtfs, Nairne, Cromartie, Argyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, Caithness,

Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, and Zetland, may, and they are hereby authorized (if th- Circumstances of

the said Counties shall requiie and admit thereof) to assess and levy upon all and every the Heretors and.

Landholders within their respective Shires, a Sum of Money not exceeding fourteen Pounds S10/J on every

one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent of the Lid Counties respectively ; such Sum to be raised and

levied in the same Manner, and with and under the fame Powers and Authorities, as are directed by an

Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Alajejiy by a

Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

three, with tefpeft to the Cess thereby directed to be raised and levied.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Supply acting within and for the several

Shires aforesaid respectively, {hall, and they are hereby authorized and required to apply the Monies

arising by virtue of the Alleffinent authorized to be made by this Act, in relieving such of the Inhabitants

of the said respective Shires as have been reduced to Indigence by the Failure of the last Year’s Crop,

and in such Way and Manner as the Lid Commissioners in their Judgement and Discretion {hall think,

fit.

4 III. And whereas it may be expedient, during the next Recess of Parliament, to permit thrfree Im-

4 portation of Corn into the Lid several and respective Counties of Perth, Kincardine, Aberdeen, Invernefs9

4 Rfs, Nat me, Cromartie, Argyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, Caithness, Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney, and

1 Zetlandbe it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by his Royal

Proclamation, to be issued by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to permit the Importation of

Corn for the Space of four Months, to be computed from the third Day of September, one thousand seven

hundred and eighty-three, into the said several and respective Counties of Perth, Kincardine, Aberdeen*

Inverness, Ross, Nairne, Cromartie, Argyle, Forfar, Banff, Sutherland, Caithness, Elgin, Dunbarton, Orkney^

and Zetland; and that all such Corn, to be imported by virtue of or under such Proclamation, shall not

be subject or liable to the Payment of any Subsidy, Quftom, Duty, or Imposition whatsoever; and such

Corn so imported may be carried Coastways under the fame Regulations as Corn being the Growth of

this Kingdom ; any Thing in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise

notwithstanding.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Corn, (videlicet) Corr,

Grain, or Flour, Wheat, or Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Flour, Barley, Oats, Peafc, and all Sorts cf

Corn, Grain, and Meal, and Pulse, may be imported into the aforesaid Places in any Ship or Veftel be-

longing to any State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, navigated by Foreign Sea-

men.

6

