72

the*of iliill lor-

inr icol. for

( . (r\ Sunday ' he

lire I1 all bru cd

)*rn«ltv on the

1*. :f:Jcnt, tee,

DoniJo-f-fjs

ixXkd^U,

Th•* Pc/on w ho

»£>* a« M.iftrr or

Mifirefs in any

so. h H. use shall

h'* dfexed the

Own.*r tl me/.

Wi.cie th-re are

|uin?-o vc,S

earn of ih<*m

IfvJl be liable to

P/o>cut rr.

All HouUa

win re Refrr fli-

rt cm? u< laid at

premr Pr-.tes vn

Sbr.ba\$ than on

Other Days j and

fit h as fha-i he

Opei.ce for public

De* ate, on hull-

«i.->\5, by bub-

£cnpiton, Ac,

fl'all be liable to

the Fer.aiius ia*

fl de i by this

Ad.

Penally cn ad-

venifing any

luih public

Ainu/errcnt for

Sunday, and on

printing such

Adverufemcot.

Penalties hew to

be recovered#

Ad ion* to be

brought within

fi* Months#

Fcrfons sued in

Executionof this

Ad, may plead

the General If-

sue, and recover

The Ad not to

•fFed the eede-

iiafiical Jurisdic-

tion j

nor the Tolera-

tion Ad of i

Gul, & Mar,

C, 49. Anno vicesimo primo Georgi III. A.D. 178 r'.

shall be admitted by the Payment of Money, or by Tickets fold for Money, ft'.j 11 be deemed a difordrtiy

House or Place ; and the Keeper of such House, Room, or Place, shall forfeit the Sum ot two hundred

Pounds for every Day that such House, Room, or Place, shall be opened or tiled as aforesaid on the Lord's

Day, to such Person as will sue for the same, and be other wise pumlhable as the Law directs in Cales of

diiorderly Houses ; and the Person managing or conducting such Entertainment or Amusement on the

Lord’s Day, or acting as Matter of the Ceremonies there, or as Moderator, President, or Chairman, of

any such Meeting for public Debate on the Lord’s Day, shall likewise, for every such Offence, forfeit the

Sum of one hundred Pounds to such Person as will me for the fame ; and every Doorkcep r, Servant, or

other Person, who shall collect or receive Money or T ickets from Persons assembling at such House,

Room, or Place, on the Lord’s Day, or who shall deliver out Tickets for admitting Persons to such

House, Room, or Place, on the Lord’s Day, shall also forfeit the Su/n of listy Pounds to such Person as

will sue for the same.

4 II. And whereas, by reason of the many subtle and crafty Contrivances of Persons keeping such

4 Houses, Rooms, or Places as aforesaid, it may often he dillicult to prove w'ho is the real Owner or

1 Keeper thereof;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person who shall at any Time

hereafter appear, ?ft, or behave him or herleif as Matter or Mi ft refs, or as the Person having the Care,

Government, or Management of any such House, Room, or Place ab aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken

to be the Keeper thereof, and shall be liable to be fu< d or prolccuted, and punched as such, norwffh-

binding he or she be not in fact the real Owner or Keeper thereof: And wherever *ny such House,

Room, or Phce, shall belong to or be kept by divers Persons in Partnciflhp, as Joint-Owners or Jcint-

keepers theieof, each and evtry such Joint-Owner or Joint-keeper of such House, Room, or Place, (full

be deemed the Keeper thereof, and (lull be liable to be lued or prosecuted, and punidicd as such : And

any House, Room, or 1 Tee, at which Persons shall be supplied wiih Tea, Coffee, or any other Refrrfh-

mentsof Eating or Drmking on the Porch Day, at any greater Prices than the common and usual Puces

at which the like Refreshments are commonlyTuld upon other Days at such House, Room, or Place, or

at Cofiee Houses, or other Houses where the fame are usually fold, shall be deemed a H >ulc, Room, or

Place, to which Persons are admitted by the Payment of Money, although M< n< y be not there taken in

the Name of or for Admittance, or at the T ime when Persons enter into or depart from such H^ufc,

hoc m, or Place; and any 1 Ruse, Room, or Ihace, which (1> ill be opened or ulcU for ary putlic Enter-

t.-irimem or Amusement, or for public Debate, on the Lord’s Day, at the Ex pence at any N umber of

f uh cribers or Contributors to the caitying on any such Entertainment or Amusement, or Debate, on the

Lord’s D*y, and to which Persons shall be admitted by Tickets, to which the SublcrDers or Contributors

shall be infilled, {hall be deemed a Loufc, Room, or Place, to which Perfunsare admitted by the Payment

of Money, within the Meaning of this Act.

4 HI, And, for the better preventing Persons assembling on the Lord’s Day for such irreligious Pur-

poles as aforesaid,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person adveit ling, or

causing to be advertised, any public Entertainment or Amusement, or any public Meeting for debating on

any Subject whatsoever, on the Lord’s Day, to which Perluns 2re to be admitted by the Payment cf

Money, or by T ickets fold for Money, and any Person printing or publififing any such Advtrnfement,

shall respectively forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence, to any Person w ho wiil sue for

the fame.

IV, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person intitled to either of the

aforesaid Forfeitures, may sue for the same by Action of Debt in any ot hi* ALjesty’5 Courts of Record at

Westminster9 in which it shall be fufiuient to declare that the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in the

Sum of [being the Sum demanded by the said Action J being forfeited by an Act

made in the twenty-first Year of the Rei^n of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An A:l for

preventing certain Alufes and Profanations on the Lord's Day, called Sunday ; and the Plaintiff, if he recover

in any such Action, shall hare his full Costs.

V Provided, That no Action shall be brought for either of the said Penalties by this Act imposed, unless

the fame be brought within six Calendar Months next alter the Offence committed.

VI. Provided also, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person for any Thing done

in pursuance and in Execution of this Act, the Defendant may plead the General lifue ; and if a Verdict

pals for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff discontinue his or her Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgment be

given against the Plaintiff, then such Defendant shall have treble Coils.

Treble Costs.

VII. Provided also, That the ecclesiastical Jurisdiction within this Realm shall not determined by this Act be

altered or abridged j but that the ecclesiastical Courts may punish the said Offences, as if this Act had not

been made.

VIII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to take away, alter,

or abridge, any of the Liberties or Immunities to which the Protestant Subjects of this kingdom are

intitled, by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Alary, intituled, An

Act for exempting their MayejVies Pro!estant Subjefls, disjenting from the Church $f England, from the Penal-

ties of certain Laws.

CAP.

by

