196

Qualification of

Commissioners.

Commissioner*

to be (worn.

The Oath,

Feel to be taken.

By the Clerk.

By the Serjeant.

Table of Fee*

to be np in

theCourt /,< use.

For varying the

Feci.

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo fecundo Georgii III. C. 37.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Com-

missioner in the Execution of this Act, unless at the Time of his acting as such he shall be in his own Right,

or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tene-

ments, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of twenty Pounds above Reprizes* or possessed of a per-

fonal Estate of the Value of four hundred Pounds: And if any Person, not being so qualified, shall never-

thelels presume to act in the Execution of this Act, the Person so offending shall, for every Offence, for-

feit an J pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of his Ma-

jefiy’s Courts of Record at Westm'mjler 5 and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as afore-

said, orotherwiie shall pay the said Penalty of fifty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on the

Part of the Piv/ccutor than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commis-

fioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath, or Affirmation, to the following

Effect ; (that is to say,)

4 T A. B do swear (or affirm, as the Cafe may hr), That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, ac-

4 A cording to the best of my Judgement, hear and determine all such Matters and causes as mall be

4 brought before me, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, for the more e<ify and speedy Recovery offmall Debts

' w:thin the Parishes of Brofeley, Benthall, Madeley, Barrow, Linley, Willey, Little Wenlock, and

' Dawley, and an extraparochial Place called Pofnall, in the County of § alop, without Favour or Affection,

4 Prejudice or Malice, to either Party

'So help me GOD:

Which Oath or Affirmation the Clerk of the said Court of Requests, or any of the Commissioners who

shall have taken such Oath, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court; and

the Clerk of the said Court shall enter, or cause to be entered, a Memorial thereof in the Register of the

said Court.

XXII. And be it further enacted. That the Fees herein-after limited and expressed, shall be and are

hereby authorized and allowed to be demanded and taken by the Clerk and Serjeant of the said Court of

Requests, and their respective Successors, for their Services in the Execution of this Act; (that is to say)

To the C L E R K.

For entering every Cause, Sixpence :

For issuing every Summons, Sixpence :

For every Subpoena, Sixpence:

Fur calling every Phimiff or Defendant before the Court, Threepence :

For every Hearing or Trial, Sixpence:

For iwearing every Witntfs, Plaintiff', or Defendant, Threepence:

For every Order, Judgement, or Decree, Sixpence :

ForaNonfuit, Sixpence:

For every Search in the Books, Three-pence :

For paying Money imo Court, Sixpence; if by Instalm?nfs, Sixpence in the Pound more :

For taking Money out of Court, and acknowledging Satisfaction in the Clerk’s Books, Sixpence:

For every Attachment, Sixpence :

For every Execution, Sixpence :

For every Warrant or Commitment for an Assault, Insult, or Mifbffiaviour in the Court, or to the Com-

miffioi.ers, Cleric, or other Officer of the fame, one Shilling.

To the SERJEANT.

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or Subpoena, if within the Town 2nd Pzr\(h of Brcfrley or Ben-

thali arid attending the Court with the Return thereof, Three-pence : if out of either of the said Towns

and Panlhcs, one Penny more for every Mile from the Court-house (the Distance to be ascertained by

any seven or more of the said Commissioners) :

For calling every Plaintiff' or Defendant before the Court, one Penny:

For executing every Attachment, Execution, or Warrant, agair.ft the Brdy or Goods, within the said

Town and Parfth of Brtfeley or / enthail, one Shilling; if out of either of the said Towns ?nd Parishes,

Three-pence more for every Mile :

For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, or Delinquent to Prison, if apprehended within the said Townof

Brofeley ox Benthaily one Shilling; and if apprehended out of the said Towns, Three-pence more for

every Mile.

A Table of which Fees shall from Time to Time be hung up by the Clerk of the said Court of Requests

in some conspicuous Part of the Court-house or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, so that all

Persons concerned may peruse and inspect the fame.

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any nine or

more of them, shall and may trom Time to Time (if they think fit), upon ten Days previous Notice given

for that Purpose, and affixed on the Door of the Court-house, h ffen or reduce all or any of the Fees limited

and allowed to be demanded by the Clerk and Serjeant of the said Court of Requests as aforesaid, so that

the fame shall not be reduced to less than one Half of the several and respective Sums herein-before parti-

cularly mentioned; and may afterwardsfrom Time to Time {if they the said Commissioners, or any nine

or

