A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III.

C. 74.

447

quired by Law for Tobacco of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of the British Colonies or Plant*

at ions in America, carried Coastwise m Great Britain; and if such Tobacco shall be removed, or found

lemoving, without being marked as before directed, or without such Sufferance, Cocquet, or Certificate, or

shall not agree therewith, such Tobacco shall be forfeited.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever

shall take any falfeOath, or shall counterfeit, forge, erase, or in any wise alter any Certificate required by

this Act, or shall cause or procure such Certificate to be counterfeited, forged, erased, or altered in any

Respect, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty

Pounds, one Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs or Sugceflors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Officer

or Officers of the Customs as shall fueand prosecute for the fame; and such Penalty shall and may be sued

for, prosecuted, and recovered, in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General in England, or Lord Ad-

vocate for Scotland, or in the Name of any Officer or Officers of the Customs in any Court of Record ii|

England, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, where such Offence shall be committed or

dil covered.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Tobacco as shall not be

entered, and for which the Duties shall not be paid, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, or which shall

be removed, or found removing, in any Respect contrary thereto, together with the Horses, Cattle, and

Carriages, made use of in the removing, Carriage, or Conveyance, of the fame, shall and may be seized

by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in the fame Man-

ner, and by such Ways and Means, as other forfeited Tobacco, Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, may be

seized, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force in Great Britain.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty herein-before

granted shall be paid down in ready Money without any Discount or Allowance whatsoever, and shall be

under the Management and Direction of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, and their Officers,

ancHhall be remitted to, and paid into, the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, by the Receiver-general of

the Customs in England, distmd and apart from all other Monies which such Receiver-general shall receive

for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; and shall be appropriated and applied to the same Uses

and Purposes as the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tobacco of the Growth or Product of the

British Colonies or Plantations in America, are appropriated and applied.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Part of the said Duty,

S anted by this Act, shall be repaid or allowed upon the Exportation of such Tobacco from any Part of

reat Britain.

Penalty on oowk

terfeiting or al»

tering Ccctifi*

catea.

All such To-

bacco not duly

entered or re-

moved contrary

tonhit AO, with?

the Cattle, Ire*

flull be forfeited*

Doty to be paid*,

without any Dis-

count,

Application

thereof.

No Drawback

on Exportation*

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act fojr enlarging the Times appointed for the first Meetings of Commissioners, or other

Persons for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

4 \\7 HEREAS certain Acts may have been made and paflTed in this present Session of Parliament, PseambW

1 VV appointing the first Meetings of the Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons, for putting such

4 Acts in Execution, upon certain Days, which haveelapfed before, or happened upon the respective Days

4 of passing such Acts, and Doubts may arise whether in such Cafes the Commissioners, Trustees, or other

‘ Persons appointed in and by such Acts, are authorized to meet and carry such Acts into Execution :*

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excel-

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Act or Acts of Any passed*

Parliament hath or have passed, during the present Session of Parliament, and the Commissioners, Trustees,.

or other Persons, for putting such Act or Acts in Execution, shall not have met and holden their first Meet- Commissi^iers.^

iflgs on the respective Days appointed by such Acts respectively, or shall have met and holden any Meetings for exewtl

without sufficient Authority so to do, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners, Trustees, or other i*g whereof

Persons, or such Number of them as by such Acts are authorized to meet, and to put such Acts in Execu- MBothm

tion, to meet and proceed in the Execution of such Acts respectively, on or before the Day Fortnight next

after the End of this present Session of Parliament; and all such Meetings so had, shall and are hereby de- mttx*£on

dared to be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the Commissioners, any D.y within

Trustees, or other Persons, had met and proceeded to put such Acts in Execution, on the Days appointed a Fortnight aftte

in and by such respective Acts, or as if they had been authorized by such respective Acts to have holden the End of ihia-

Meetings on the Days on which any Meetings may have been alrea y holden as aforesaid; and all Acts,

Matters, and Things, which shall be done by such Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons, in the Exe-

cution of such Acts respectively, shall be as valid and effectual in all Respects, and to all Intents and Pur-

poses whatsoever, as if their first Meetings bad been held on the Days appointed by such Act respectively,

or as if they had been authorized by such respective Acts to have holden Meetings on the Days on which*

Any Meetings may have been already holden as aforesaid.

CAR

