126

Tjiii Act not to

extend to Scot-

land,

Preamble.

Recital of

Cap. 55. of the

present Session,

Part of the re-

cited Act re-

pealed.

Preamble.

Recital of 17

Geo. IJ. Cap.

*7«i

C. 64., 65. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

LXVI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Brirain, and for grant-

ing certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts, in lieu thereof \ for the better and mere effectual

securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commis-

/toners ef Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein for the more punctual and ready Paymnt

of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties impefed on Malt \ and for

rectifying a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliaments with respect to the

exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of Jive Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of

Excise imposed by the said Act.

€ XT J HEREAS by an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for re-

pealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland

4 Duties upon Cocoa Nuts, in lieu thereof \ for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and

4 of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein;

4 for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of t1?e additional Duties

4 imposed on Malt, and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliaments with re

4 spect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of five Pounds p‘r C<n u n upon the Duties of

4 Excise imposed by the said Act )s it is, amongst other Things, declared and enabled, That all Judgments

4 of the Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace within their respect ive Jurisdictions, for the

4 Condemnation of any Commodities, Goods, or Effects, seized as forfeited under the said recited, or any

4 other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties of Excise, or other Duties under the Manage-

4 ment of the Commissioners of Excise, shall be, and shall be deemed and taken to be, as final and con-

4 elusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as any Judgment for the Condemnation of any Com-

4 modities, Goods, or Effects, given in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer: And it is thereby further pro-

4 vided, enacted, and declared. That such Judgments of the Commissioners of Excise and Justices of the

4 Peace respectively, shall be subject and liable to Appeal in all Cafes in which any Appeal is, by any Act

4 or Acts of Parliament, given or allowed: And whereas divers Importers of Spiiituous Liquors, Distillers,

4 Redlifiers, Compounders, and Tea Dealers, on Behalf of themselves and others, on the nineteenth

4 Day of Junes °ne thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, whilst the said recited Act was depending in

the House of Commons, did petition the said House against the said Clauses (amongst other Things j,

and praying that they might be heard by their Counsel against the fame; and Leave was accordingly

4 given by the said House for the Petitioners to be heard against the said Clauses, upon the Report of the

4 said Act: And whereas it was intended to leave out the said Clauses, in order that the Force and Effect

4 of the said Judgments of Commissioners of Excise, and Justices of the Peace, might be tried and deter-

4 mined in a due Course of Law; but the said Clauses were by Mistake continued, and (land Part of the

4 said Adi\ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affimbled,

and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Clauses shall be, and the fame are hereby re-

pealed and made void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAR LXV.

An Act for establiftiing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England

trading to the East Indies, for the Payment of the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds,

for the Use of the Public, in full Discharge and Satisfaction of all Claims and Demands

of the Public from the Time the Bond Debt of the Lid Company was reduced to one

million five hundred thousand Pounds, until the first Day of Marchy one thousand leven

hundred and eighty-one, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately

obtained in the East Indies \ and also for securing to the Public in respect thereof, for a

Term therein mentioned, a certain Part or Proportion of the clear Revenues and Profits

of the said Company; and for granting to the said Company, for a further Term, the

foie and exclusive Trade to and from the East Indies, and Limits therein mentioned , and

for establiftiing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the said

Company, as well in India as in Europe, and the recruiting the Military Forces of the said

Company.

\\7 HEREAS by an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the Second (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Surplus or Remainder of the

4 Monies arisen* or to arise, by the Duties on Spirituous Liquors* granted by an Act of the last Session of Par-

4 liament\ and for explaining and amending the said Act, in relation to the Retailers fif such Liquors; and for

4 establishing

