A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C. 44. 59

any Bills for the Bounty granted by the said A(hall, within the Space of three Calendar Months next Prize, or receive

after the Day to be appointed for the first Payment or Distribution to the Captors of such Prize, and jnyBoumyBills,

Bounty Bill or Bills, made in pursuance of the Notification by the said recited Acts directed, and also at thar(£ ^onth*

the End x>( every three Calendar Months, during the Term of three Years, limited by the said recited andatiheEni

Adb, make out and deliver, or cause to be delivered, to such Person or Persona as the Treasurer of the of every three

said Hospital shall, from Time to Time, for that Purpose depute or appoint, in the Colony, I Hand, or Month* dunng

Place, in which such Prize shall be condemned or fold, a true State and Account in Writing, under the ^akeoJtznd

Hand or Hands of such Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons so employed, containing the Name of £*iVer°™ ac-

such Prize, and the gross and nett Produce thereof, the Number of Persons intitled to share therein, count of me

distinguishin^ their several Classes, with the Name and Names of the Ship and Ships, and also of the Produce of such

Captain or Captains, and Commanders, by which the fame was taken, together also with the Payments *c- in

of the several Shares as shall then have been really and truly by him or them respeSively paid $ which },*;

Account and Accounts shall be made and delivered in the following Form : 18

An Account of the gr ofs and nett Produce of the a Prize ^ taken by his Majestys Ship Form af th-

the Captain Commander, and of the Bounty Bills in respefi thereof (in case any Accourlt#

Bounty is payable), as also of the Number of Persons intitled to [bare in such Prize and Bounty (in case

any Bounty is payable), dislinguifnng their Classes> with the Payments of the several Shares between

(the Day advertised for Payment) and

Crofi Produce of

Prize, and A

mooatof Boun-

ty Bill (in caje

any Bounty n

payable).

£■

d.

Nett Produce.

£■

d.

Number of Person* of each Clas?

iniided to ihare.

Captain

- Commissioned Officers

* Warrant Officers

Petty Officers

■ Able, £*.

Number of Person* of each Ctaf« paid j the Sum paid to each, and

the Total.

- Captain - - - -

- Commissioned Officers, at each, is

- Warrant Officers, at each, is -

- Petty Officers, at each, is

- Able, at each, is

Total -

d.

, A. B. Agent (or one of the Agents).

And in case any Person or Persons, intitled to share in the Produce of such Prize, shall not be intitled to

share in the Bounty Money payable in respetSf thereof, then a’ distindt Account of the Amount of the

Bounty Bills, the nett Produce, and Distribution thereof, shall be also delivered to the Deputy of such

Treasurer, by the Agent or Agents of such Prize, at the fame Time and Times, and agreeable to the

Form herein-before prescribed for Accounts of Prize and Bounty Money, and the Payments thereof.

II. And be it further cnadfed, That in case any Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, or others, who Agent, Sec. ne-

shall so fell or dispose of any Prize or Prizes so to be taken as aforesaid, and shall refuse or neglect to de- to de-

liver any such Account, in Manner and Form as the Tame is herein-before directed, to such Perforl or

Persons as shall be so deputed by the Treasurer of the said HospitaJ, and at such Times as are herein before

limited and appointed for that Purpose, he or they so refusing or neglecting, shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

III. And. be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer of the said

Hospital, or his Deputy, or Person appointed determined by him in that Behalf, and he and they is and are hereby

respectively authorised and impowrred, at any Time or Times within one Calendar Month after the Ex-

piration of the Term of three Years limited by the said A£fs, to have Recourse to and inspect all Prize

Lifts and Pay Lifts of any such Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons as aforesaid, resp~€i\ng any Prize

or Prizes, the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of which are by the said recited Acts directed to be applied

to the said Hospita), and to take Copies of the Whole of such Accounts, or such Part or Parts thereof as

he or they shall think necessary, such Copies to be begun before the Expiration of the said Calendar

Month.

IV. And be it further enacted. That in case any such Agent or Agents, or Person or.Persons as afore-

said, (half, within the Time herein-before limited for inspecting such Lifts, refuse to produce, or (ha 11 not

produce, to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or his Deputy, or Person appointed as aforesaid, upon

Keqileft, such Lifts, and suffer him or them to inspedf and peruse the fame, and to take such Copies

thereof, or of such Parts thereof, as he or they shall think necessary; such Agent or Agents, Person or

Persons, so refusing or neglecting, shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of

one hundred Pounds*

liver such Ac-

count, Hull for-

feit loo I.

Treasurer of the

Hospital, or hi*

Deputy, may in-

spect Agents

Price Lifts, Scc.

Agents, Ac. re-

futing such In-

spe£tion, to for-

feit 1001.

I a

V. And

^LC

