228

Persons chosen

in the Militia,

and paying 10I.

shall not be

obliged to serve

until it shall

Substitute* to be

(worn.

The Oath.

Not to eitend to

Subdilutes will-

ing to continue

after the Expira-

tion of their

Time of Service.

Preamble.

19 Geo. If. Cap.

39, recited.

So much of the

recited A&f cr

any other Acts,

as redrains the

Use of the High-

land Dress, re-

pealed.

Preamble.

Recital of *n

Ml ? Jac, Ij

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 63, 64.

totheraifng and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, it is enacted,

4 That if any Person, chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia (not being one of the People called Quakers],

4 shall refute or neglect to appear and take the Oath by the said Act required, and serve in the Militia, or

4 provide a Substitute, to be approved as therein mentioned, who shall take the said Oath, and sign his

4 Content to serve as a Substitute, every such Person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit the Sum of ten

4 Pounds, and at the Expiration of three Years be liable to serve again, or provide a Substitute: And

4 whereas it is by the said Act likewise enabled, That no Person having feived personally, or by Substi-

tute, in the Militia, shall be obliged to serve again, until by Rotation it comes to his Turn:* And

4 whereas very high Prices are frequently given by Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia, for the

4 Hire of Substitutes to serve in their Stead: And whereas such high Prices are attended with many In-

4 conveniences, and are, in a great Measure, owing to the Advantages which Persons providing Subfliiutes

4 are intitled to in Preference to those who pay the Penalty of ten Pounds directed by the said Act to be

4 paid by Persons refusing or neglecting to serve in the Militia:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod

Excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by thd Authority of the same, That if any Person chosen

by Lot to serve in the Militia shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be applied to the Purposes di-

rected by the said Act, such Person shall not be obliged to serve in the Militia, until by Rotation it shall

come to his Turn \ any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

come to their Turn.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person offering himself so

serve as a Substitute in the Militia, shall be accepted and inrolled as such, unless he takes and subscribes

the following Oath j videlicet \

4 T A B. do solemnly swear, That, to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief, the Place of my Settle-

4 A me nr is rhe Parish of in the County of [being the County in which the

4 Substitute then offers to serve ]’

Which Oath any one Deputy Lieutenant, or one Justice of the Peace, are hereby required to administer

at that Meeting of Deputy Lieutenants and Justices where such Substitute is to be inmlled.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to Sub-

stitutes now serving in any Corps of Militia, who may, when the Time of their present bervice is-expired,

be willing to continue to serve in the fame Corps for a further l ime.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of King George the

Second (for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, and for the other Pur-

pefes therein mentionedj, as retrains the Use of the Highland Dress.

^ \A/H^REAS by an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the Second., intituled, An Act for the more ejfeClual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, and

4 for more effectually securing the Peace of the said Hghlancls; and for refraining the life of the Highland

4 Dress; and for further indemnifying such Persons as have ailed in Defence of his Ma'uflys Person and Go-

4 vernment, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges and other Officers of the Court oj

4 Jujliciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May, one thousand /even hundred and

4 forty six; and for obliging the Mijlers and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains, Tutors,

and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and toregijkr

the fame; it was, among other Things, enacted. That* from and after the first D«<y of August, one

4 thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, no Man or Boy, within that Part of Great Britain called Scot-

4 land, other than such as should be employed as Officers and Soldiers in his Majesty’$ Forces, should, on

4 any Pretence whatsoever, wear or put on the Clothes, commonly called Highland Clothes \ (that is to

4 say,) The Plaid, Philebeg or Little Kilt, Trowfe, Shoulder Beits, or any Part whatsoever of what pe-

4 cuiiady belongs to the Highland Garb, and that no Tartan, or Party coloured Plaid or Stuff, should be

4 uted for Great Coats or for Upper Coats, under the Penalties therein mentioned $ and the Time ap-

4 poin:ed for laying stele the said Highland Dress was, in certain Cafes therein mentioned, further pro-

4 longed by two several Acts, one made in the twentieth, and the other in the twenty-first Year of the

4 Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second: And whereas it is judged expedient that so much

4 of the Acts above mentioned as retrains the Use of the Highland Dress should be repealed Be it there-

fore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, ire this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That so much of the Acts above-mentioned, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, as restrains the

Use of the Highland Dress, be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

CAP. LX IV*.

An Act for the Amending and rendering more effectual the Laws in being relative to

Houses of Correction.

\\T HEREAS by an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Jama

4 YV the First, for the dae Execution, of divers Law* and Statutes theretofore made against Rogues,

2 Vagabonds,

