2S9

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo ftcundo Georgii III. C. 8i,

had therein previous to the passing this Act; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in

anywise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Damages so assessfed by such Jury as aforesaid shall be paid to

such Owner or Proprietor of Lands out of the next Aids ito be granted in [Parliament, in the fame

Manner as is herein-before directed respecting the Payment to be made for the absolute Purchase of the

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be appropriated for the Publick Service herein-before

mentioned ; and if any Person or Persons shall, after the Assessment of such Damages, erect, or cause to

be erected, on any Part of such Lands, any Building, Structure, or Edifice, then, and in such Cafe, the

Matter General or principal Officers of the Board of Ordnance for the Time being, or any Person or Per-

fons authorised by him, shall, and he and they are hereby impowered to abase or puli down the fame, and

level the Ground on which such Building, Structure, or Edifice, shall have been so erected.

XII. Provided also, and be it furiher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lands to be purchased

and inclosed in pursuance of this Act, which were before the passing of this Act liable to and charged with

Tithes, Land Tax, Poor and other Rates, in the respective Parishes where such Lands respectively lie,

shall, from the Time ofttheir being taken Poffiession of by the Principal Officers of his Majesty’s Ordnance

or Engineers, or other Officers acting under their Authority for his Majesty’s Use, stand and be subject

and liable to and chargeable with the Payment of Tithes, Land Tax, and all other Paritti Taxes and

Rates, in Proportion with other Lands and Premises, in such respective Parifces, charged and chargeable

therewith 5 and that the said Lands and Premises, so to be charged and chargeable with such Tithes,

Taxes, and Rates, shall, as to so much thereof as shall not be otherwise demised or occupied by any parti-

cular Person or Persons, stand and be charged to and in the Name of, and paid by the Storekeeper of his

M?jetty’s Ordnance for the Time being, at the said respective Ports or Places where such Lands respec-

tively lie; and that such Storekeeper paying the fame shall be repaid and allowed such Sum and Sums of

Money as such Storekeeper shall so pay, by the Treasurer or Paymaster of his Majesty’s Ordnance for

the Time being, on Demand thereof, who shall be allowed the fame in his Accounts; and that in case

such Storekeeper, so charged and chargeable therewith, shall neglect or refuse to pay any such Tithes,

Taxes, or Rates, so to be made on him as aforesaid, when demanded, that then, and in every such Cafe,

the Sum or Sums so due and claimed for such Tithes, and so to be afi'efled and charged on such Store-

keeper, in respect: of such Lands and Piemifes, shall and may be levied on such Storekeeper, by such

Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as upon any other Occupier of Lands liable to the Payment of

any such Tithes, Tax, or Rate; any Law, Statute, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in anywise not-

withstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That no Commissioner, who shall be employed in the Execution of

this Act, shall be liable, for or by reason of such Execution, to any of the Penalties mentioned in the Act

of the twenty-fifth of Charles the Second, Chapter two; nor the first of William and Mary, Chapter eight;

nor the thirteenth and fourteenth of William the Third, Chapter fix; nor the first of George the First,

Chapter thirteen.

XI V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Commissioners as his Majesty shall nominate for

the Purposes in this Act, or any of them, shall not by reason thereof in any Sort be disabled or disqualrfied

from fitting in the House of Commons, or their Election thereby become void ; any Law or Statute to the

contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Damages ifleflei

how to be paid.

Buildingsere&ed

contrary to this

Act to be pulle4

down.

Lands to be pur*

chafed in pur-

fuance of this

A ft shall be

liable to the

ufoal Tithes ini

Tates.

To be paid by

the Store keeper

of the Qrdnaacea

Commissionert

not liable to cer-

tain Penalties.

Cormntfficnefi

not disqualified

f»om being

Members of

Parliament,

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of his Majesty’s

Forces.

WHEREAS it appears, by the Reports made by the Commissioners appointed to examine, take,

and date the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, that the Paymasters of the Forces have hereto-

fore been accustomed to accumulate large Sums of Publick Money in their Hands, beyond what was ne-

cefiary for carrying on the Services in their Department, and to take and carry out of Office with them,

upon their Resignation or Removal, large Balances of Publick Money, which they have retained and

kept in their Hands many Years after being out of Office: And whereas it is highly expedient that a Re-

medy should be provided for t’nefe Inconvenienciesbe it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excel-

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first

Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the Paymaster General of his Majesty’s

Forces for the Time being, in all Memorials to be by him presented to the Treasury for Money for Army

Services, shall pray that such Sum as he requires may be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank

of England on his Account, specifying, in every such Memorial, the Sum he requires, and for what par-

ticular Service or Services; and the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury for the Time being,

by their Letter from Time to Time shall direct the Auditor of the Exchequer to issue to the Go-

vernor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Paymaster General of his Majesty’s

Forces, naming such Paymaster General for the Time being, the Sum for which such Letter shall be

drawn upon the unsatisfied Order at the Exchequer in favour of the said Paymaster General, for which

the Receipt of the Cashier or Caftiiers of the said Governor and Company shall be asufficient Discharge;

and all Sums lor which such Letters of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury shall be drawn, shall

be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in like Manner as they have been here-

L 1 2 tofore

Preamble

From Jan. t,

1783, all Money

issued at the Ex-

chequer, for Ar-

my Setv.cci,

flull be paid

into the Bank,

and placed to the

Account of the

Payirafler Ge-

neral.

