233 C. 65. Anno.vicesimo fecundo Gbo*gii III. A.D. 1782.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act: for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several

Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise

in Great Britain.

4 Most Gracibus Sovereign,

Preamble# 1 TT 7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

1 VV Stirernbled, towards railing, by the most eafv Means, the necessary Supplies to defray your Ma-

4 jesty’s publick Expences, have f/eely and voluntarily rdolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the

4 several Subiidies and Duties hereinafter mentioned ;* and do most humbly beseech your Majesty

that it may be enabled ; and be it enafteJ by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Confer.t of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo]al, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of July, one thousand seven

hundred and eighty-two, there shall be raised, levied, collefttd, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty,

his Heirs and SuccelTbrs, an additional Import or Duty, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum, upon the

Produce and Amount of all the several Subsidies, Imports, and other Duties, of what Kind or Nature soever

they may be, which are now due and payable to his Majesty, and are collected in this Kingdom, under the

Management and Direction of the respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain, for and

upon any Goods and Merchandizes imported into, or exported from, or carried Coastwise in Great Britain,

except and exclusive of the additional Impost or Duty of five Pounds per Centum, commonly called The

Impost one thousand /even hundred and fcvtnty-nine, which was granted by an /ocl made in the nineteenth

Year of his Majtrty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce

of the several Duties under the Management of the njpctlive Comn. ijji. net s of the Custorm and Excise in Great

Britain; which laid additional Impost or l)uty by this Act g anted shall be charged and paid upon the

Amount of the said former Subsidies, Imparts, and other Duties, and shall be wholly repaid and drawn

back upon the Exporta ion of the Goods, under the fame Ru.es, Regulations, Securities, Penalties, and

Forfeitures, and in the same Manner and Form in all Respects, as the said additional Impost one thousand

seven hundred and seventy-nine, is now charg'd, collected, paid, and drawn back, and shall be appropri-

ated and applied to the Uses and Purport's in this Act mentions!.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day

of July, one thousand seven hundred and eiyhty-two, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to

and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per

Centum, upon the Produce and Amount of all the several Inland Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Charges

(except as herein-after is excepted), now payable to his Majesty, and which are charged and collected un-

der the Management of the respectiveCommissioners ot Extile in England and Scotland; which said addi-

tional Duty of five Pounds ter Centum, hereby imposed, shall and may, from Time to Time, be charged,

raised, levied, recovmed, and secured, by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures,

and subject to such Allowances, Drawbacks, Rules, and Directions, as the several and respective Inland

Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Charges, on the Produce and Amount of which the said additional Duty

or Charge is hereby imposed, are or can, by any Statute now in Force, be respectively charged, raised, re-

ceived, levied, collected, recovered, secured, mitigated, or drawn back, ns fully and effectually, to all In-

tents and Purposes, as if all and every the several Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Mitbods, Pe-

nalties, Forfeitures, Powers of Mitigation, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and

again enacted in the Body of this present Act

HI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con-

tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the said additional Duty or Charge of five

Pounds per Centum, the Produce or Amount of the Duties on Beer, Malt, Sope, Tallow Candles, Hides,

or Skins, brewed, made, tanned, tawed, or diefted, within Great Britain; or to charge with the said Duty

the Produce or Amount of the several Duties of five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum re-

spectively imposed upon the Produce and Amount of the several Inland Duties, under the Management of

the said Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland\ by the several Acts respectively made in the

nineteenth, twenrieth, and twenty-first Years of his present Majesty’* Reign, or by any or either of them ;

any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

grant-d in 19 Go, III, Scc,

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Imports and

Duties by this Act granted, shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Hinds of the Receiver-general of

the Customs, and to the Cashier of the Excise in England respectively, for the Time being; and such Re-

ceiver-general and Cashier respectively shall, weekly, to wit, on Wcdncfday in every Week, if it be notan

Holiday, and if it be, then on the next Day after that is not an Holiday, answer and pay all the Monies

arising by the said additional Imports and Duties (the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, and answer-

ing the fame, only excepted) into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, diffinft and apart from all

other Monies which such Receiver-general and Cashier respectively shall receive for the Use of his Ma-

jesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the LJfes and Purposes in this Act: mentioned,

to bs kept fepa- V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept, in the

rate from ah Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising

other Duties ;■ from the said several Imports and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered fepa-

rate

From July 15,

J7?», an addi-

tional Duty after

the Rate of 5

per Cenr.of the

for tow Duties,

laid on all Goods

lmponed into,

exported fr i*t, or

cjirird Ccaftwife

in,Great Britain,

Exception.

* 19 Geo. 111.

25.

A* additional

Dufy on all ex-

ci(cable Guods

(except if after

<xccpteri), after

the Rale of 5

yrx Cent, of the

totrr.tr Duties,

This Act not to

affect the Duties

on Beer, Malt,

Sope, Tallow

Canoles, and

Elides, btewed,

made, Stc. in

Great Britain ;

• ner the addi.

ti- nal 5 per

Cent*, on the

Excise Duties,

New Duties to

be paid into the

h'*quei

weekly ;

