A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo pritno Georgii III. C. 27. $3

Streights or Levant Seas as are within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, and which, by the Autho- porter /hull pro-

xity of this Act, are permitted to be imported in Manner aforesaid, untii the Person importing or entering duce a

the fame shall produce to the Collector, or other proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs, at the Port of foe of th* Turf

Importation, a Certificate, under the Hand of the Collector of the Duties for the said Turkey Company, * Company, "

certifying such Person is free of the said Company, and that he has paid the Duties imposed on such Goods &c.

by the said Company, and has conformed in all Refpefls to the Rules and Regulations of the said Company

relative thereto.

III. And it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of After June r,

^funey one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, any Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Product, Goods

or Manufacture of any Place or Country within the Streights or Levant Seas, which have been heretofore

usually imported from any Port or Place in Europe, within the Streights of Gibraltar, except such Goods tcr”nean may°

or Commodities as might heretofore be imported only from such Ports or Places as are within the Do- be imported in

minions of the Grand Seignior, shall and may, during the Continuance of this Act, be imported and Britito Ships, or

brought, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, into Great Britain or Ireland from any Port or Place Sh,t,s ^longing

whatsoever, not being within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, in any Ship or Vefi'el, built in or with hi*

belonging to"Great Britain or Ireland, navigated according to Law, or in any Ship or Vefl'el belonging to Majesty.1

any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, navigated with foreign Ma-

riners ; upon Payment of the fame Duties, if imported into Great Britain, as the like Goods would be what Dutift

subject and liable to if imported directly from the Place of their Growth, Production, or Manufacture, be paid lor

excepting Drugs of the Growth of, or which have heretofore been usually imported from, Turkey or Egypt, fucl1 Coo<il*

or any of the Dominions of the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, which, if imported by any Per-

son or Persons not free of the Turkey Company, shall be liable to the like Duties as they would have been

liable to, if not imported directly from the Place of their Growth and Production, if this Act had not

been made ; and if any such Goods shall be imported in any Foreign-built Ship or Vessel, then, and in

such Cafe, the Goods so imported shall be subject to the Aliens Duties, if such Goods would have been

subject and liable thereto by Law if this Act had not beep. made j any Thing in the said recited Act, or

any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and upon all Cotton and All Cotton and

CottonWool which shall be imported into this Kingdom in any foreign Ship or Vessel, there shall be Cottonwool

raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Duty of one Penny Far- ,mPorted af'er

thing for every Pound Weight of such Cotton or Cotton Wool, which shall be paid down in ready Money, foreign V5l

without any Discount or Deduction whatsoever \ and shall be also fuhjedl and liable to an additional Im- feis, to pay

post or Duty of five Pounds per Centum, in the same Manner as the additional Duty of five Pounds per Duty of id.

Centum is granted to his Majesty by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, * S* p* Pound:

intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the everal Duties under the

Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain. 5ltp°cnra Ce,tf

agreeable to Cap. 45, of the 20th Year of toil picfent Majesty.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Part of the said Duties herein- No Drawback

before granted shall be repaid or drawn back upon the Re-exportation of the said Cotton or Cotton Wool ] 10 be allowed orl

and the said Duties shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, in such Manner and Form, of Couon*"

and by such Ways and Means, and under the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Duty of Customs, 0r°Cottpa Wool,

commonly called The Old Subsidy, is raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, and is subject

or liable to by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force (except where any Alteration is made by this

Act), as fully and effectually, to all Intent9 and Purposes, as if the several Clauses,-Powers, and Provi-

fions in such Acts had been repeated and enacted in the Body of this present Act; and the said Duties Duties to be paid

herein-before granted shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, into the Exchc-

distindtly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenue, and shall be so kept apart in the said Jiuer»

Receipt of Exchequer as a Fund for the Encouragement of the Growth of Cotton in his Majesty’s Lee~ 1

ward Islands, and for encouraging the Importation thereof into Great Britain, in such Way and Manner p 1C '

as Parliament shall hereafter direct.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and re- Continuance of

main in full Force during the present Hostilities with France^Spain, and the States General of the United this A3.

Provinces, or either of them.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to permit, during the present Hostilities, the Itopdrtation of Goods, the Produce

of the Plantations of the Crown of Portugal, into Great Britain or Ireland, \n Portuguese

Vessels; and the Importation'of certain other Goods* therein enumerated, in any Neutral

Ships and Vessels.

c T Y 7 H ERE AS several Articles cannot, by reason of the present Hostilities, be imported in British Prcimbk.

* VV Shipping, navigated according to the Laws now in Force, without great Hazard and Expence to

J the Importers thereof: And whereas it will^ tend to the general Accommodation and Advantage of the

* Trade and Manufadturesof this Kingdom, if some temporary Relief be given in the Premises •/ for

Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be .enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after

VojL.Xiy. Parti,

.0

<5gle

