A'. D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III; C. 68;

the Produce of the several Dirties under the Management of the respectivi Commissioners of the Ex rife in

Great Britain.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected,

and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Sope of what Kind soever which, at

any Time or Times after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be

made within the Kingdom of Great Britain, over and above all Duties, Charges, and Impositions, by any

A& or Acts of Parliament thereupon set and imposed, the several additional Duties herein-after mentioned

and expressed; that is to say ;

For and upon all Hard Cake Sope, or Ball Sope, made in Great Britain, an additional Duty of three

Farthings for every Pound Weight, consisting of sixteen Ounces Avoirdupois; and after that Rate for 9

greater or lesser Quantity:

And for and upon all Soft Sope made in Great Britain, an additional Duty of one Farthing for every

Pound Weight, consisting of sixteen Ounces Avoirdupois; and after that Rate for a greater or lesser

Quantity:

Which said several and respective Duties on Sope shall be paid by the Makers thereof respectively > and

the fame shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner, and under the like Rules, and

with like Drawbacks on such British made Sope exported, as the former Dudes on Sope made in Great

Britain are now raised, levied, collected, paid, and drawn back.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional respeQive Duties,

hereby imposed on British made Sope, shall be repaid to the Person or Persons who shall employ, spend, or

consume any Quantity or Quantities of such Sope respectively, in the making of any Cloths, Serges,

Kersies, Bays, Stockings, or other Manufactures of Sheep or Lambs Wool only, or Manufactures whereof

thegreateft Part of the Value of the Materials shall be Wool, or in the finishing the said Manufactures,

or preparing the Wool for the fame, or in whitening of new Linen in the Piece, in order to the Sale of such

Linen; which said Repayment of the said additional respective Duties shall be made on the like Proofs, and

binder the same Rules, Regulations, Oaths, Affirmations, Pains, and Penalties, as in and by s»n Act, made in

the twelfth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Oueen Anne, intituled, An Act for laying additional Duties on

Sope and Paper, and upon certain Linens, Silks, Callicoes, and Stuff's, and upon Starch and exported Coals, and

upon fampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for raising one million four hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a

Lottery, for her Majesty s Suppiy; and for Allowances on exporting made Wares of Leather, Sheep Skins, and

Lamb Skim; and for Distribution of four thousand Pounds, due to the Officers and Seamen for Gun Monty ;

and to adjust the Property of Tickets in farmer Lotteries; and touching certain Shares of Stock in the

Capital of the South Sea Company; and for appropriating the Alonics granted to her Majesty, is directed

and required.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective additional Duties,

hereby imposed on Coaches and other Carriages, and on Sope made in Great Britain as aforesaid, shall be

raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner, and under such Management, Penalties, and For-

feitures, and with such Powers for recovering the fame, and by such Rules, Ways, and Methods, as the fe-

veral and respective former Duties on Coaches and other Carriages, and on Sope made in Great Britain re-

spectively, are now raised, levied, collected, and paid, under the Directions of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force respecting the said Duties, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if

Jj^e several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating thereunto, were parti-

cularly here repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising by the said act-

ditional and other Duties hereby pranced and imposed (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for

the fame excepted), shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty s Exchequer at

Westminster, distindlyand apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenue, and shall be appropriated

and applied in Manner following; that is to say, the Sum of two Shillings, Part of the said Duty of three

Shillings the Barrel by this Act imposed on Table Beer, shall be paid, issued, and applied, to the fame Ufis

and Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the Monies arising by the Duties on every

Barrel of six Shillings Beer or Ale, or under, were, by the several Statutes in that Cafe made, appropri-

ated unto, and directed to be applied; and the Remainder of the said Duties on Table Beer, together with

the additional Duties on Sope, and on Coaches and on other Carriages, as aforesaid, shall be subject and

liable to the Uses and Purposes herein-after mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in

the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer a Book or Books, in which all the Monies

arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered

separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflurs, upon

any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid,

except so much thereof as is herein-before otherwise appropriated, shall, together with such other Rates,

Duties, and Revenues, as shall be.aranted by any A& or Acts of this Session of Parliament for this Pur-

pose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences, as are

dircCled to be paid and payable pursuant to an A& of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act

for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for eft abl'tfiring a Lottery.

XV 111. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, at any Time or Times, it shall

happen that the Produce of the several Duties granted by this Act, together with the several other Duties,

Revenues, and Taxes, granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Payment of the several Annuities of

three Pounds per Centum, and of four Pounds per Centum, and of seventeen Shillings and Sixpence per

Centumin respect of thirteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds, borrowedin pursuance of an Act of

this

7 vj

2 37

From July 5,

1731, (he fol-

lowing additional

Dudes shall be

paid for all Sope

made ia Great

Britain j vide-

licet,

Hard CakeSope^

3 q. per Pound j

Soft Sope, 1

per' Pound.

To be paid by

the Makers.

The additional

Dufies to be re-

paid for all fuel*

Sope used in cer-

tain Manufac-

ture#.

The additions?

Dories on Car-

riage., and on

Sope, shall be !e-*

vied a» d paid m

the fame Ms fi-

ner as the former

Duties.

How to be ap-

plied.

A Book to be

provided in the

Auditor's Office

in which the

Monies arising.

under this Act

/hall be entered.

Application

thereof.

In case the Pro--

duce of the Du-

ties gr.mcd by

this Act, and

other Acts, flulj

prove infutfjticnt

to pay the A a*

