Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III* A.D. 1781*

18

C« 20—-22s

Preamble.

Recital of the

General Turn*

pike Act it

Geo. Ill,

The itdffd Act,

except such Parts

as have been re-

pealed, Arc. ex-

tended to all

Road Act* made

since the oafling

thereof, &c.

Preamble#

CAP. XX.

An Act for declaring certain Provisions of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his

present Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called

England, to extend to all Acts made, and to be made, for repairing Roads subsequent to

the passing of the said Act.

4 T17 HEREAS Doubts have arisen whether the Provisions contained in an Act of Parliament made

in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An At7 to explain, amend,

and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws notu in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that

4 Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes), were meant and intended to extend to

4 such Acts of Parliament as shall be made for repairing particular Turnpike Roads subsequent to the

4 patting of the said recited Act :* For obviating such Doubts for the future, be it declared and enacted by

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, 7'hat all

the Provisions, Directions, Matters, and Things, contained in the said recited Act of the thirteenth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, which have not been varied, altered, or repealed, by any subsequent

Acts of Parliament (except so much thereof as gives an additional Term of five Years to Acts for repairing

particular Turnpike Roads), were and are meant and intended, and shall be deemed, construed, and

taken, to extend to all Acts of Parliament which have been made since the Time of the patting of the said

recited Act, and which shall hereafter be made, for amending and repairing any particular Turnpike Roads

within that Part of Great Britain called England.

CAP. XXL

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

called England^ for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand (even hunoied

and eighty-one.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for improving the Navigation of the River called Bourn Eauy from the Town of

Bourn to its Junction with the River Glen at a Place called Tongue End, in the County of

Lincoln.

4 II 7H ERE A S the River called Bourn Eauy in the Parlfh 0 f Bourn, in the Parts of Ke/Jeven, in the

County of Lincoln, hath of late Years been so choaked up with Mud and other Obllruftions,

that the Navigation thereon is nearly loft: And whereas if the said Bourn Eauy from the Town of Bourn

4 aforesaid to its Junction with the River Gleny at a Place called Tongue Endy was properly fcourtd,

4 cleansed, and deepened,' and a Staunch and other Works erected for the Improvement of the Navjgauon

4 thereof, it would be of great local Advantage, and of public Utility 5 but as such Works cannot be car-

4 jied on without the Aid and Authority of Parliament j’ be it enacted, &V.

44 Trustees appointed for making navigable the River Bourn Eau- Trustees may appoint an Agent or

44 Deputy. Trustees to be sworn. Persons acting not being qualified, to forfeit $c /. Trustees incapable

44 of acting while holding any Office. The Trustees, or any five of them, authorised to make Bye* laws,

44 Orders, idc. and to impose Fines for the Breach of them. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter-

44 Session. Orders to be entered in a Book. No Order of the Trustees to be revoked unless Two-thirds

41 of the Trustees present shall consent thereto. Trustees to act only at a Meeting; and to be indemnified

44 Expences incurred in the Performance of this Act. Trustees may appoint Officers, and allow them

44 Salaries. Accounts to be kept in a Book. Officers refusing to account, or deliver Books, &c to be

44 committed. Pastures liable to the Repairs of the Banks of Bourn Eau and The Glen, to be discharged

44 therefrom, upon paying the Trustees Go A per Ann. The 60/. per Ann. veiled in the Trustees, with Di-

44 reftions how to be applied. In case of Neglect to repair the Banks by the Trustees, the Owners of the

44 Lands may apply the 60 A for that Purpose; and, when repaired, the Management, and the (0/. to

44 revert to the Trustees. Pastures liable to the Repairs of the Banks of Bourn Eau and The Glen to be

14 discharged therefrom, upon paying the Trustees 40s. per Ann. The 40 j. per Ann. verted in the Trustees.

44 In case of Neglect by the Trustees to repair the Banks, the Owners mav apply the 40 s. for that Purpose.

44 Tenants may deduct Money paid by them out of their Rents. Trustees not obliged to maintain the

44 Banks against Tongue End. Haling-way to be and remain upon the South Bank. Property of the

44 Works veiled in the Trustees. If Bridges are erected, which obstruct the Navigation, they may be

44 removed. Trustees to make good the Foundation of Bridges, if damaged by them. Tolls to be paid ;

44 For every Ton of Goods, Wares, or Commodities whatsoever, two Shillings and Sixpence; and so in

44 Proportion for any greater or less Weight than a Ton. Rafts to pay Tolls, the fame as if the Wood

44 was conveyed in Boats. Pleasure-boats, or Boats laden with Materials for repairing the Banks, tdc.

44 exempted from Toll. Tolls, fcfr. verted in the Trustees, for the Purposes of this Act. Tolls may be

44 mortgaged. Mortgages deemed personal, and to be entered in Books. Interest to be regularly paid y

44 if not, Tolls to rest till paid. Persons to make good their Subscriptions. Notice to be given of bor-

44 rowing Money. Trustees may lefien the Tolls with Consent of Creditors. The Navigation shall be

6 r\ iconic*"'

U

