A, 0. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio GBo-xonffl; C. Si, 82. 401

VTH. And be it Anther enacted, That the said Comnaifliorte'rs IhalJ, from Time to Time, at their Dif-

eretion, or as as often as they shall be thereunto required, and asfoonaspoffible after the Determination of

their Examinations and Proceedings by virtue of this Act, without any further Requifitiou, give an Account

of their Proceedings, in Writing, to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, and to his Ma-

jesty’s Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer

for the Time being, are hereby authorized and required to itfue and cause to be paid all such Sums of

Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds, to such Person or Persons as the said CommissioneYs, or any

three or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, desire or direct, out of any Part of the Pub-

lick Monies remaining in his iVl a jelly’s Exchequer; which Sum so iffiicd and paid, shall be employed for

the Payment of Clerks, Messengers, and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or

abdut the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and in such Manner and in such Proportions, as shall be

appointed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and

Seals in that Behalf; the fame to be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall be

issued and paid, according to the Course of his Majesty’s Exchequer, without any Fee or other Charges to

be taken on the passing of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said Commissioners, or any three

or more of them, shall appoint.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of a Vacancy or Vacancies, by Death

or Resignation of any One or more of the said Commissioners, during the Recef* of Parliament, it shall and

may be lawful for his Majesty to nominate ^nd appoint such Person or Persons as he may think proper tp

supply such Vacancy or Vacancies; and that every Person so nominated and appointed shall be held and

considered to be, inverted with all the fame Powers as are delegated to the Commissioners appointed by

this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force for two Years from the passing of

tins Act, and no longer.

CAP. LXXXL ’

An Act for preventing the Exportation of Corn, Grain, or Meal, with a Bounty, during the

Operation of two Acts passed in this present Session of Parliament for allowing the im-

portation of Corn.

ITTHE RE A S an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act to permit the

4 W Importation cf IVhe at, IVheal Flour, Rye, Rye Flour, Barley, and all Sorts of Corn, Grairt^ and Meal,

1 upon Payment of the Lew Duties therein mentioned, for a limited Time)-, in which Act no Provifidn is

made for preventing the Payment of a Bounty on the Exportation of Corn during the Subsistence of the

4 said Act: And whereas it would ber reasonable to suspend the Payment of the said Bounty during the

4 Term specified in the said ABe it therefore enacted by the King's rood Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That no Bounty shall be paid on Corn, Grain, or

Meal, -exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three-nor on or before the twenty-fifth Day of September,

One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

1783 j nor from Scotland, before

II. And whereas by another Act passed in this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act to

~ - Britain

Commissionertto

give tp Account

of their Proceed-

ings to tpe Trea-

fury, and to the

Secretaries of

State.

Treasury to pay

a,oooo)« to the

Order of the

Corami ffioner*;

to be employed

in paying Clerkt,

Meiiepgers, &«v

Ift case of V».

dney by Death,

Ac. of a Com-

missioner, during

the Rectit of

Parliament, hi*

Majesty may ap-

point another.

Continuance'of

this

Preamble.

Recital of cap. I*

of the prefcoCr

Scfioo.

No Boofity to

paldon Cxpoitv

tion of Corn

from England,

before Aug. %6f-

Sept. a*, 1783*.

Recital of cap.

53, of the

feat Session.

4 into the said Counties, for a limited Time, and in Ships or Vejjcls belonging to any State in Amity with his

Majesty, navigated by foreign Seamen), Power is given to his Majesty, ny and with the Advice of his

4 Ptivy Council, to allow the Importation of Corn, Grain, and Meal, into certain Counties, for four

4 Months, to be computed from the third Day of September aforesaid: And whereas it is reasonable that

the Bounty on Corn, exported from the said Counties, should be eventually suspended;’ be it therefore

enafteft by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bounty shall be paid on Corn exported from any of the said

Counties, so long as his Majesty shall be pleased, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, under

the Authority of the said Act, to permit the Importation of Corn, Grain* and Meal, into the said

Counties#

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer*

WHEREAS it appears, from the Reports made by the Commissioners appointed toexamine, take* Preambled

and state the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, thgt in the Receipt of his Majesty *s Exchequer,

4 there are several useless, expense, and unneceiiary Offices; and that the Emoluments arising tron*

4 other of the Offices in the said Receipt of Exchequer, are become excessive; and that the Mode of pay-*

‘ ing the Officers by Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities, is inconvenient both to the Publick and to Indivi->

4 duals:’ For Remedy whereof, be it enaftqd by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with tbfit

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common*, in this present Parliament

assembled*

Nofcounty fa b«

paid on Export*

tion of Corn front

terrain Countie^

in Scotland, du^

ring the Allow-

ance of impoita*

tion.

I*

,

