10 2

Commilrirners

of the Treal'ury

impowerei to

makeout Exche-

quer Bills for two

Millions, bsftre

April 5, 178s.

All the Provi-

foes, Penalties,

«&c. contained

in the Land T»X

AO ofth’.'Se^-

fnn relating to

Etchcvu'.r R:l!s,

(except, fee )

fheii be applied

to the Exchequer

Bids to be mu-e

in pursuance of

Exchequer Bi'Is

to tear Interelb.

Billsiflued at the

Exchequer n>t 10

be current to any

Colleger of the

■C’ullomsj&c for

three Years;

-except for the

Difcbar^e

-thtieof.

Exchequer Bills

to be repaid out

of any Supplies

tc be granted for

the War 1784.

If li ffic(e-it Sup-

plies aie not

printed before

A aril 5, 17 ^,

the fa d Bills

(h i'l be ch tr-Led

on the Sinking

Jrund.

Montes so iflVd

out "t the Sink-

ing Fond to be

nplaced c»u: of

tfcfjrftS pphes.

The Bjnk to ex-

change for reify

jh -oney all such

i> ]l»s, with In-

terest, as fha)J,

within three

Years, be ten-

<k:eJ to them:

C. OO. Anno viccfimo pvlmo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1781.

M^fiy’s Treasury now or lor the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the ITgh TrcaGurcr for

the* Time being, at any Time or Times before the fifth Day of Aprils one thousand (even hjudud an i

eighty-two, to cuufe or direct ;*ny Number of Exchequer Bills to be m«*dc out for any bum or- Sums cf

Money, not exceeding in the Wtiule ihe Sum of two Millions, in the fame or like Manner, Form, and

Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Direction* as in and by an Act of this present Seflimi

of PatliarTHnf, intituled, An As! for "ranting an Aid to bio Jilfefy by a hand Tax% to be raijed in Ci'c at

Britain, for the Service of toe War one th:ujand seven hundred and act,-cne, are enadUd and preferred

Concerning the Lxchequer 1MB to be ma in purfuuncc of the fa;d Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provides,

Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilitio, contained in the said F it men-

tioned Act, relating to the Exchequer 1MB amhorifed to he m jde by the fume A<tt (except such Claufts as

do charge the fame on the Taxe* granted determined by the fame Act, and such Clauft s as knot or relate to the 2ferr-

taining the Rate of Jmcrefi to be paid for the Forbearance of Money Jem on the Credit of the said Adf,

and at(o except 2s herein-after mentioned), Hull be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be

made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectaaily, to ail Interns and PuTpofes, as if the fame had

been originally nuthorifed by the said last mentioned Act, or if the said fevttal Claufis or Provilues had

been particularly repealed and re-enacted in the Body ut this Act.

this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Exchequer Bills shall bear in

Interest after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum,

IV. Provifcd always, and be i: further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Exchequer Bill or

Bills, to be made out by virtue of this Act, shall, after the fame hath or have been issued at the Exchequer,

be afterwards, at any Time before the Expiration of three Years from the May of the Date of inch

Exchequer Bill, received or taken, or pals or be current to any Receiver or Collector in Great Britain of

the Culfoms, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever, due or payable to his M^jessy,

his Heirs or SucccilMs, or at the Receipt of me Exchequer, hom any such Receiver or Collector, or fr m

any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, otherwise or on any other Account than for the

Difchaigc and cancelling of such Bills, in case the fame shall be in dec Course or Order of Payment before

the Expiration of three Years from the Day of the Date of any Exchequer Bill so to be made forth 5

nor shall any such Receiver or Collector exchange, at any Time before the Expiration of three Years from

the Day of the Date of such Exchequer Bill, for any Money of such Revenues, Aid*, Taxes or Sup-

plies, in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill or Bills which Hull have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this

Act 5 nor shall any Action be maintained agjir.fl any such Receiver or Collector Dr neglecting or tefufing

to exchange any such Bill or Bills for ready Money, before the fame shall Iwvc been issued three Ycais

from the Receipt of the Exdvquer, according to the Date thereof : any Thing in the said Act made in

this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An As! for "ranting an Aid to his ALfe/ly by a Land Tax, to be

raijed in Great-B. itain, for the Service of the Year one thouj'and/even hundred and eighty one, or this Act,

contained to the eontraiy notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Exchequer Bills, together with

the Interest and Charges incident to or attending the fame, shall be, and are hereby charged and charge-

able upon, and shall be repaid or borne by or out of any of the Aids or Supplies which shall be granted by

Parliament for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and in case suficient

Aids or Supplies fur that Purpose shall not be granted before the fifth Day of April, one thoulanJ seven

hundred and eighty-lour, then all rhe said Exchequer Bids, with the Interest and Chaiges incident to or

attending the fame, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies, as at any Time

or Times, at or after the said Fifth Day of Aprils shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of

the Surpluses, ExcdAs, Overplus monies, an i other Revenues, comuofing the Fund commonly called

The Si riling Fund (except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as lh ill then be appropriated to any par-

ticular Use or Uses by any AM or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and furh Monies of the said

Sinking Fund shall and may be iilued ^nd applied, as Don as the fame can be regularly Rated and afecr-

tained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and difoh*rging such Exchrquer Bills, Interest and

Charges until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for

that rirpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respe£iive Proprietors

thereof.

VI. Provided always, and he it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be so

issued out of the find SurpluflVs, ExccfTes, Overplus-monies, or other Revenues, composing the Sinking

Fund, (lull, from Time to Time, te replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in

Parliament; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Com-

pany of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall, and are hereby required to exchange for ready

Money, from Time to Time, all such of the said Exchequer Bills, as shall, within the Space of three

Years from the Date thereof, be tendered or produetd to them, or thei: Cashier or Cashiers, for that Pur-

pose, by any Person or Persons; and shall pay, or caule to be paid, to such Person or Persons, in ready

Money, the Sum for which every such Bill, so tendered or produced, was issued, together with the In-

terest, after the said Rare of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, which shall be then due thereupon;

and shall exchange in Manner as aforesaid Inch of the said Bills as shall have been, from 'Time to Tune,

paid away or circulated by or on the Behalf of the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, and

shall, before the said fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, be tendered or

produced as aforesaid, as often as such Cafe shall happen : And the said Governor and Company, or their

Successors,

