A.D. 1782. . Anno vicesimo fecundo Georgii III. C. 32, 33. 189

Penalties as are infliftedon Persons guilty of Perjury, or Subornation of Perjury, in and by two Acts of

Parliament, one made in the fif\h Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for punifiling

JuchPer Jons as shall procure or commit wilfulPenury, orfuborn or procure any Person to commit any wilful or corrupt

Perjury \ and the other, made in the second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing and further Punishment of Forgery, Perjury, and Suborna-

tion of Perjury, and to make it Felony to seal Bonds, Notes, or other Securities for Payment of Money, contrary

to the said Acts.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such proper, Officer, to whom any Writ

or Precept (bail be directed for making any Election for the said Borough, shall, upon the Receipt of such

Writ or Precept, indorse upon the Back thereof the Day of his Receipt thereof, in the Pretence of the

Party from whom he received such Precept* and shall forthwith cause publick Notice to be given within the

said Borough of Cricklade, and the several Towns of Highworth, Malmsbury, Sivindon, and IVotton BaJJet,

by affixing up a Notice thereof in Writing on the Market houses, or on the Doors of the Cfturcnes of the

said Towns of the Day of Election; and shall proceed to Election thereupon within the Space of twelve

Days, and not less than eight Days, next after his Receipt of the fame Precept.

VI, And be ic further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be publickly read at every

Election for the said Borough of Cricklade, immediately after the Acts directed by any Act of Parliament to

be read thereat, and before the Persons present shall proceed to make such Eledtioa.

How Officer

proceed on re-

ceiving any

Writ foe Elec-

tion.

Thb Aa to!*

read pfeviojf to

any Elcition.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to revive and continue an Act, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled,. An Act to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of New-

castle and Sunderland.

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An

Act to regulate the hading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland), the fame

was continued, and the Term of the said Act enlarged, by another Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of

the Reign of his said Majesty (intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the sixth Year of his present

Majesty, intituled, “ An Act to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sun-

4 derland)}” by which said last mentioned Act, the said Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his said

Majesty was continued to the last Day of the last Session of Parliament: And whereas the said Act having

been found, by Experience, highly beneficial to the Coal Trade of the said Ports of Newcastle and Sun-

derland, by excluding all undue Preference in the loading of Coals at such Ports, whereby the Publick ia

general, and the London Market in particular, areconftantly and regularly supplied with Fuel on reason-

able Terms : And whereas che Revival and Continuance of the said Act of the sixth Year of his said Ma-

jesty, would be of great publick Utility Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Act of the sixth Year of his present

Majesty’s Reign shall be revived; and shall continue in full Force and EfFeft until the twenty-fifth Day of

March, one thcmfand /even hundred and eighty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament.

CAP. XXXIII.

Preirofcle.*

6 Geo. Ill, Cap;

21, recited*

The recited Act

revived, and fur-

ther continued

until March ay,

1789.

An Act for charging a Stamp-duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or

other Notes payable otherwise than upon Demand.

* Most Gracious Sovereign,

1 TT7E, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament Preamble*

* W assembled, towards railing, by the most easy Means, the necessary Supplies to defray your Ma-

* jesty’s publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the

* several Duties or Sums of Money herein-after mentioned ; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty

* that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the first Day of Ahguft, one thousand seven hun-

dred and eighty-two, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great

Britain, unto and for ihe Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, 1

From Aog. tg

1781, the fol-

lowing Duties

shall be paid to

his Majesty, vie*

Fur every Inland

Bill of Ex-

change, andPrOf

mi (Tory Note,

Stc. (not payable

on Demand)

under 50!.—.

3d.; and for

50I. or upward*^

*d.

II. And be it further enacted. That, for the better and more effectual levying and collecting the said The said Duties

Duties herein-before granted, the fame shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for to be under the

^ the Maaagemeat of

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Inland Bill of

Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note payable otherwise than upon Demand, shall be ingossed,

written, or printed, where the Sum. expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall not amount to the

Sum of fifty Pounds, there be charged a Stamp-duty of Three-pence :

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Inland Bill of

Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note payable otherwise than upon Demand, shall be ingrossed,

written, or printed, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to the Sum

of fifty Pounds or upwards, there be charged a Stamp-duty of Sixpence.

U.

