400

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii j III.

Commlflioneri

appointed for en-

quiring into the

Lofi'es and Ser-

vice! of the Ame-

rican Lnyaliftr.

Commissioners to

be sworn*

The 0»<*t

Commissioners

may e a amine

Parties on Oath.

Commissionersto

meet at the Of-

fice of the late

Secretary for

A m erica.

Their Powers.

Persons who de-

liver in fraudu-

lent Claims, to

be excluded from

any Compenfa-

tion.

Persons wilfully

giving false Evi-

dence, to be li-

able to the Pc-

nairies of corrupt

Perjury.

Limitation of the

Time for res civ-

ipg Claim.

C# Sos

a.d. 1783:

* Government, and their Obedience to your Majesty’s Proclamation, and various other Proclamation*

* and Manifestoes, issued by your Majesty’s Commissioners, Generals, and Governors, suffered in their

* Rights, Properties, and Professions, insomuch that several wel)-deserving Persons are reduced from

,4 Affluence to Circumstances so straitened as to require the Aid of a temporary Support, which has been

4 allotted to them by the Commissioners of :he Treasury, by annual Allowances made, and occasional

c Assistance by Sums of Money given to them from the Revenues of your Majesty’s Civil List, the Amount

4 of which has hitherto been made good by Parliament^ and your faithful Commons, not doubting but that

4 yeur Majesty’s most earned Endeavours will be employed for procuring from the United States of America

4 Restitution of, or Recompence for, the Estates and Efiefts of those who have thus unhappily suffered, and

4 intending to give all due Aid and Assistance to those who may return to America foe the Recovery of their

4 former Possessions under the Provisional Articles, and to extend such Relief to others who may, by parti—

4 cular Circumstances, he deprived of that Advantage, a* their respective Cafes may require, and the Pub-

4 lick afford ; to which End, it is neccfTary that a diligeni and impartial Enquiry should be made into the

4 Losses and Services of all such Persons as may, within the Time herein-after limited for that Purpose,

4 claim or request such Aid or Relief a6 is hereby intended to be givenWe pray your Majesty that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That John IVilmot Esquire, Daniel Parker Coke Esquire, Colonel Robert

Kingston, Colonel Thomas Dundas, and John Ma'Jh Esquire, shall be, and they are hereby constituted

Commissi mers for enquiring into the respe&tve Lofi’es and Services of all such Person and Persons who

have fuss-red in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy DiiFentions in America

in confluence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

II. And be it further enacted, That any three Commissioners in this Act named, before they enter upon

the Execution of the fame, shall take an Oath before the Master of the Rolls for the Time being, or one of

his Majesty’s Justices of the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Barons of the Exchequer (which

they, or either of them, are hereby authorized and required to administer), in the Form following; that

is to say,

4 T A*B> do swear. That, according to thebeft of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially*

4 and truly execute the several Powers and Trusts vested in me by an Act (intituled, An Act for

44 appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Lcffis and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their

44 Rights, Properties, and Professions^ during the late unhappy Disfentions in America, in confluence of their

44 Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government”), according to the Tenor and Purport

4 of the said Act.*

And every other of the said Commissioners in-this Act named, shall likewise take the fame Oath, before

the said three Commissioners, who-are hereby authorized and required to administer the fame, after they

shall themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any"

three or more of them, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to examine, upon Oath

(which Oath they, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer), all Persons whoni

the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think fit to examine touching all such Matters

and Things as shall be necefl’ary for the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by

this Act ; and all such Persons are hereby directed and required punftuaJly to attend the said Commissioners*

at such Time or Place as they, or any three or more of them, shall appoint.

IV. A/id be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more

of them, are hereby authorised to meet and fit, from Time to Time, at the Office of the late Secretary of

State for the American Department, with or without Adjournment, and to fend their Precept or Precepts*

under their Hands and Seals, for any Person or Persons whatsoever, and for such Books, Papers, Writing*,

Or Records, as they shall judge necefl’ary for their Information in the Execution of the Powers vested

in the said Commissioners by this Act; and the said ICommissioners, or any three or more of them^

are hereby authorised to appoint and employ such Clerks, Messengers, and Officers, as they shall think

meet $ which Clerks and Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the Trust in thetr$

feverailyand respectively reposed, without taking any Thing for such their Service, other than such Salary

or Reward as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think fit to direct and appoint

in that Behalf.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall appear to the said Commissioners that

any Person shall have delivered to them an Account or Claim beyond the real Loss* with an Intent to

obtain more than a just Corapensation, the said Commissioners shall, with all convenient Dispatch, report

such Account or Claim, with the Evidence taken thereupon, to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s*

Treasury, who are hereby authorised to make such further Enquiry upon the Cafe as they shall think

proper; and if they, or, any three of them, shall be of Opinion that such Account or Claim is fraudu-

lent, then such Person shall be absolutely excluded from any Compensation or Provision whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons, upon

Examination upon. Oath before the said Commissioners respectively, as before mentioned, shall wilfully*

and corruptly give false Evidence, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall

be, and is and are hereby declared to be, subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as, by any Law

now in being, Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Claim or Request of any Person or Persons for Aid or Relief on

Account of the-Loss of any Property during the late Dissentions in America*. fhaB be received after the

twenty-filth Day of March, one thousand (even hundred and cigkty-fou^ _¥.

VaOO VELI. And

