A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 18.

tides may be intitled, shall beleft in the Bank or Banking House where the Monies were deposited as afore-

said, till all such Questions are determined by the Court of Session, which the said Courtis hereby authorised

and required to do summariiy, on the Application of the Trustee, or any other Person interested, and in

such summary Process to allow a Proof of the Debts or of the Objections, if required; and if, in the Event

of such Question, the said Sum, or any Part of it, shall remain unapplied to the Debt or Debts for which it

was chimed, the fame shall go into the Fund for any subsequent Distribution; and the Shares of Creditors

not called for at the Time of Distribution, shall again be deposited on their Risque in the Hands of the Bank-

ing Company before mentioned, at such Interest as can be got for the fame, which Inteieft so gained shall

be for the general Behoof.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within one Calendar Month after twenty-

one Calendar Months from the Date of the Sequestration, the Trustees shall make up another Scheme of

Division among the Creditors, who, before the End of the said twenty-one Months, have produced in his

Hands their Claims and Grounds of Debt, and Oaths of Verity, as before, together with new States of the

Funds and Debts, and of the Bankrupt’s Affairs in general, as before directed; which shall in like Manner

remain open for Inspection for the two following Months; and the next stated General Meeting of the

Creditors for receiving their second Dividends, and for the other Purposes before mentioned, shall be held

after the like Advertisement exactly at the Distance of another Year, being on the same Day two Years

from the Date of the Sequestration, or on the next lawful Day thereafter; and the like Procedure shall be

followed out at the fame Intervals of Time thereafter, and until the whole Funds of the Bmkrupt are col-

lrded and distributed among his Creditors declaring always, that no Creditor shall draw any Share of the

different Distributions, unless his Grounds of Debt, and Oath on the Verity thereof, shall have been lodged

with the Trustee on or before the respective Days appointed for that Purpose, but he shall be iniitled, in the

next Distribution whrrh happens after the Grounds of Debt are so produced and proved, to draw out of the

fi ft End of the remaining Fund in the Trustee’s Hands, a Sum equal to the former Dividend or Dividends

on his Debt, with Deduction of five per Cent, on the said Dividends, which is to be retained by the Trustee

for the Common Behoof, on Account of the said Creditor’s Delay; and further declaring, that in making

up the Schemes of Division, all Debts claimed on which are intitled to a Preference by the Law of Scotland^

not altered by this A&, shall be preferred accordingly.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Creditors as claim upon Debts

whereof the Term of Payment is not come, may nevertheless, upon discounting the legal interest to the

Term of Payment, draw their Shares in Proportion to what remains after such Discount.

XXXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the Creditors claiming to be

Tanked on the sequestrated Estate, real or personal, shall have received any partial Payment out of the

Estates of other Obligants, or in confluence of any preferable Security upon any particular Subject belong-

ing to the Bankrupt himself before the Sequestration, the said partial Payment shall be dedu&ed from the

total Amount of his Debt, and he shall only be ranked for the Balance after such Deduction; but in case

such partial Payment is not recovered till after the Sequestration, he shall be intitled to rank for his full

Debt without any such Deduction, butfoas he shall never draw in Whole more than complete Payment of

his Debt; and the Creditors of a Company shall be intitled to rank upon the Estates of the Individual Part-

ners for the pebts due to them by the Company, deducing only what they may have received before the

Sequestration as before.

XXXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the making Production of the Grounds of

Debt along with the Oath, shall have the fame Effetft as to interrupting Prescription of every Kind from the

Period of such Production, as if a proper Action had been raised on the said Grounds of Debt against the

'Bankrupt, and against the Trustee.

XXXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Oath the Creditor deponing

shall specifyevcry Security he holds (or his Debt, whether on the Estate of the Debtor, or other Obligants:

And in case any Creditor shall, after the Date of the Sequestration, obtain any legal or voluntary Preference

on any Estate or Subject belonging to the Bankrupt directly or indireCtiy, situated without the Jurisdiction of

the Court, he shall be obliged to communicate and assign the fame to the Trustee, for Behoof of all the

Creditors, before he draws-any Dividend.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Oaths of Verity upon Debts

required by this AC1, may be taken before any Judge Ordiriary or Justice of the Peace; and where any Cre-

ditor is out of the Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or is under Age, or incapable to give an Oath, in

all such Cafes an Oath of Credulity by the Agent, Factor, Guardian, or other Manager, taken in the

same Manner, shall be sufficient; but which Oaths, either by the Party himself, or any other Person acting

for him, shall not fupeifede the Necessry of bringing legal Evidence of the Debt, if the fame is objedied to

as unliquidated, and where such Evidence appears to be necessary in the Circumstances of the Cafe; and

further declaring, that no Fee shall be paid by any Creditor to the Clerks of Court, or any Person whatfo-

ever, for an Oath of Verity or Credulity as to the Debt claimed being due, or for Production of the Interest

or Grounds of Debt of any Creditor unless the Debt claimed on exceeds the Sum of Ten Pounds lawful

Money of Great Britain.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That four fifths in Value of the Creditors

convened, either at the Meeting when the Trustee is chosen, or at any subsequent Meeting, shall be in-

ti tied tochufe any three of the Creditors, at whole Sight, and with whose Content, or with the Consent of

any two of them, the Trustee shall be impowered to compound and transadf, either by Submission or by

private Compromise, all doubtful Claims which the Bankrupt may have against others, or all Debts due to

the Estate out of the other Bankrupt Subjects, and likewise all doubtful Claims or Demands made against

the Estate, where the Suip claimed upon in this last Cafe does not exceed fifty Pounds Sterling, but not the

1 Order of Ranking and Preference of that or any other Debt upon the Estate; and the fame Majority may

5 exempt

307

Court of Session

to determine all

Questions eU-

tive to objected

Claims, Sec.

Trustee to mafct

up a Scheme of

Dtvtfiun for a

second Divi-

dend, dec.

Debt! claimed

before actually

due, /hall be

paid, on allow*

ing Discount.

Creditors claim*

ing who have

received a par*

till Payment,

the fame shall

be deduced

from their full

Debt.

Production of

the Grouods of

Debr along with

the Oath.

Creditor, in his

Oath, /hall spe-

cifjr every Secu-

rity he huldi for

his Debt.

Oaths of Credi-

tors may be

taken before ariy

Judge Ordinary,

or Justice of

Peace.

Mee’ing may

chuse three

Creditors, who

may impo*cr

the Trustee ro

compound all

doubtful Cla-ms

of the Bankrupt

against other*.'

Goc e

