27

A.D. 1781. Anno vicefimo primo Georgii III, C. 24,

all such Cafes to levy Debts and Penalties, and use such Proceedings as may lawfully be done in relation

to Paper, in case rhe Debtors or Offenders were the true lawful Owners of the lame.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Com mi/Tinners for managing Commiffisnerj

the Duties on Paper made in Great Britain shall, on or before the twenty-first Dav of May, one thousand to P'ov,f1e

seven hundred and eighty-one, provide proper Stamps, Marks* Impression?, or Devices, for marking or

ihmping of ail Paper to be made in Great Britain, and by this A cl directed to be fl imped or marked, to p* which

denote the Duties charged thereon; and ihal) cause such Stamps, Marks, lmpreffi ms, or Device?, to be ihe Duty iipah*’;

dillnbuted to the respebtive Officers for the Purposes before mentioned, which Officers are h ^eby en-

joined and required, in doing the fame, to do no Hurt or Damage to the Paper in do fed in any keum or

Bundle to be lo marked or (damped ; which Marks, Impressions, or Devices, or any of tln-m, shall and

may, from Time to Time, be varied or altered as the Did respebtive Commissioners shall judge to be inert

proper for the Purposes aforesaid.

4 XXIX. And, for the more cffeblual securing the Duties by this Act granted, nnd to the End that the

* Paper made in Great Britain before the Commencement of this Act may not be improperly seized,’ be it

further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the ic peblive Commissioners of Excise shall, on or be- anJ a!rodHr*rene

fore the twenty-hist Day of Alay^ one thousand seven hundred and cighiv-onc, provide proper Marks or

Scamps for marking all Stock of Paper in the Hands of any Maker or Makers of Paper, or in the Hands hand

of any other Person or Persons for their Use, and shall at all Times, within two Months from the Com- mi* before *he

meneement of this Act, at the Requdt and Delire of any such Maker or M. leers of Paper, order and Commencement

direbt the proper Officer for the Duties on Paper to (bmp or mark each and every Ream and Bundle of ot tLii Act.

Paper which shall have been made in Great Btitain at any Time before the Commencement of this Abt,

and then remaining in the Custody or Possession of such Maker or Makers, or of any other Perfin or Per-

fons for their Ule, with such Mark, Stamp, Impression, or Device, as to such Ommissioners shall appear

most proper for that Purpose; such Mark, Impression, Stamp, or Device, differing from the Mark,

Stamp, Impression, or Device, hereby directed to be provided for (lamping and marking Paper made after

the said twenty-first Day of May% one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; Proof being hill made,

upon Oath, that all such Paper was really and bona fide made in Great Britain before the Commencement

of this Ai\y and that the Duties have been duly charged thereon ; and all Paper so marked and stumped,

in pursuance of such Orders and Directions, shall and may be removed, fold, and dispoted of, in like

Manner as if the fame had been made since the Commencement of this Act, and all the Directions thereof

fully complied with, any Thing in this Abt to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the End of All Paper, at

the said two Months, all Paper in Reams or Bundles, that shall be found removing from one Place to the End or two

another wichm this Kingdom, without such respective Marks, Stamps, Impression, or Device, as afore- M°n*hs from

laid, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise who shall so dif- mentoTTh^A^

cover or find the fame. that thiii be re-

moved from one Place to another, without a proper Stamp, shall be for.cited.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons what-

soever shall at any Time counterfeit, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any such Stamp, Murk,

Impression, or Device, which shall be provided and made use of in pursuance of this Act; or shall utter,

vend, or fell, any Paper with such counterfeit Stamp, Mark, Impression, or Device thtreon, knowing

the fame to be counterfeited ; or shall, upon any Ream or Bundle of Paper which has not been duly en-

tered with the proper Officer, and for which the Duties have been duly charged, fix or place any Cover

or Wrapper, having thereon the Impression of any such Stamp, Mark, Impression, or Device; or shall

wrap or cover any Ream or Bundle of Inch Paper in any Cover or Wrapper that had been used before;

then every such Person so offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit amt lose the Sum of five

hundred Pounds, and shall also be committed to the next County Gaol, thereto remain for twelve Months

without Bail or Mainprize.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it (hill and may be lawful to and

for any Person or Persons who shall have actually paid his M jelly’s Duties by thAct payable upon

Paper, Pafttboard, Millboard, or Sudihoard, made in Great Britain ; and to and for any other Per Ion

and Persons who shall buy, or be lawfully intitled unto, any such Paper or Goods Hit mentioned, so made

in Great Britain, from the Person or Persons who actually paid the Duties Dr the lame, to export such

Paper, Pafficboaid. Millboard, or Scakbnard, to any Parts beyond the Seas by way of Merchandize;

giving Efficient Security before the ihippir.g thereof, that the p irticular Quantity lo intended to be ex-

ported, and every Part thereof, shall be flapped and exported, and not b? relanded or brought again into

any Part of Great Britain; which Security the Collector at the Pori of Exportation shall take in his Ma-

jelly’s Name, and to his Use.

XXXIII. Prov ded always. That if, after the flopping of any such Paper, or other Commodities last

mentioned, and the giving t;r tendering iui b Security as Aid, in order to cbtain the Drawback herein-

after mentioned, the bene, or any Part theieof, shall be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, that then,

and in every such Cafe, over and above the Penalty of the Bond, which shall be recovered and levied to

his Majesty’s Use, all the said Paper and Commodities which shall be so landed, or the Value thereof,

shall be forfeited.

XXXIV. And ir is hereby enabled. That the Person who IT nil so export any such Paper, Pasteboard,

Millboard, or Scaleboaid, as aforesaid, shall or may make Proof upon Oath or by Affirmation relpec-

tively, as aforesaid, that the Duties thereof have been paid (which Oath or Affirmation the Collector who

received the said Duties is hereby impowered and required to adminiiter); and thereupon the Colleblor or

£ 2

Pen dry on ccvin-

tcrte.iing Any

.Star^p mai’e in

pji fujnic «»* inis

Att, or ft ll»ng

any Pa >er m*:k-

eJ w.ih a coun-

terfeit Sump,

&c.

Paper, Paste-

board, Sec. for

which the Du-

ties h ive been

p-mi, may be ex.

p'Ttra, on giv-

ing Security that

it shall not be

rcUnded t

But if such Pa-

per, &c. be re-

lamled in Great

Br tain, it shall

be forfeited.

Drawback to b»

allowed on the

Exportation of

Paper, Palte-

beard, &c. on

Commissioner the Exporter’*

inuviici me Exporter

