on Linens printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great

Britain; and for granting certain Duties on Cotton

Stuffs bleached or dried in Great Britain \ and on Li-

cences for bleaching or dying the fame; and unon the

Importation of Stuffs made of, or mixed with Cotton,

not painted, printed, stained, or dyed in Foreign Parts.

41. An Act for laying certain Duties upon Licences to he

taken out by the Makers of, and Dealers in, exciseable

Commodities therein mentioned.

4*. An Atft to explain, amend, and render more effectual,

an Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act

for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall at-

tain, or attempt to attain Poffffmi of Goods or Money,

by or untrue Pretences \ for preventing the unlawful

pawning of Goods; for the cafy Redemption of Goods

'pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public Hoffs,

by Journeymen Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices, so far

as the fame relates to the preventing the unlawful pawning

of Goods; and for the cafy Redemption ot Goods

pawned.

43. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on

Certificates issued with respe£l to the killing of Game.

44. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying cer-

tain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year '

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; for appro-

priating the Monies arising by the Duties on Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, and also by a Land Tax, granted to

his Majesty by two Acts made in the last Session of Par-

liament; and for further appropriating the Supplies

granted in this Session of Parliament.

45. An Act to extend the Powers of an Act made In the

twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, for giving his

Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade

and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty’s

Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of

America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom,

with the British Colonies and Plantations in America,

with respeiSt to certain Articles therein mentioned.

46. An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Pay-

ment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for

Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the

due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the

better Regulation of the making and vending British

Spirits, as well for Home Consumption gs for Export-

ation; and for destroying all Home-made and Foreign

Spirits, after the Condemnation thereof; and for veiling

in his Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Lands of

Ferento/h, in the County of Inverness; and for discon-

tinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imports and Duties

upon Rum and Spirits imported from the IVe/l Indies.

47. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling

in this Kingdom.

48. An Act for better securing the Duties on Starch and

Sope.

49. An Act for granting additional Duties upon Raw and

Thrown Silk imported into Great Britain, and upon Lead

exported from Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas ;

and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of

Silks, and Sturts mixed with Silk.

50. An Act to revive and continue several Laws relating

to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of

Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty’s Sugar Co-

ionics in America; and to the allowing a Drawback of

the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be consumed on

board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to extend

the Provisions of an Ail of the Twenty-third Year of

His present Majesty, relative to the Removal of Wine in

Casks, to Wine removed in Bottles and other Packages.

51. An A£ for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on

Licences, to be taken out by Persons vending Hats by

Retail; and also certain Duties on Hats fold under such

Licences; and for laying additional Duties on all Hats

and Caps imported into this Kingdom.

52. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loan*

or Excnequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty-four.

53. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on.

all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Du-

ties on all Gold and Silver wrought Plate made in Great

Britain.

54. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the

Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King IFit-

Ham the Third, intituled, An Act to enable Justices of Peace

to build and repair Gaols, in their respective Counties; and

for other Purposes therein mentioned.

55. An Act to explain and amend an Ail, made in the*

twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty r

intituled, An Act for the ajnending and rendering more ef-

fectual the Laws in being relative to Iicufes of Correction.

56. An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons and

other Offenders; and to authorize the Removal of Pri-

foners in certain Cafes; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

57. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant to the Heirs of

the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms and Condi-

tions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland, which were put

under the Management of a Board of Trustees by an Act

oaffed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late-

Majesty King George the Second; and to repeal the said

A61.

58. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to

indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omit-

ted to regiller or deliver in their Qualifications within the

Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for

those Purposes; and to indemnify Adcmbers and Officers

in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole*

Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to

Law, or having been damped, have been lost or mislaid;

and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly

damped; and to give further Time to such Persons as

have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution-

of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to

pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks,

Apprentices, or Servants.

59. An Act for extending, amending, and altering the

Powers of an A cl made in the eighth Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and

maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal f om the Firth or

River of orth, at or near the Mouth of the River of

Carron, in the County Stirling, to the Firth or River of

Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, tn

the County of Dumbarton; and also a Collateral Cut from

the fame to the City of Glasgow; and for making a na-

vigable Cut or Caned of Communication from the Port end

Harbour of Borrowftownnefe, to join the said Canal at or

near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of

F orth. J

60. An A<t for raising Money to discharge Debts con-

trasted on account of the Poor within the Barish of Christ

Church, in the County of MlddLjcx for repairing and

enlarging the present Workhouse of the said rarish; and

for further regulating the Manner of rating to the Poor,

appointing Overseers, and preserving all Accounts relat-

G d?

