<< ' rl

C. 83. .Anno vicesimofecundo Georg 11 IIF. A.D. 1782.

When rhofe Medium Sums shall be settled and proportioned at their first Meeting, there will be no Occa-

fion to renear that Trouble afterwards, as the first Sum will be the fame on all future Calculations ; and to

prevent Trouble in adjusting the Proportions at every Monthly Meeting, ar every Poor House, soon after

th“ first Medium Proportions shall b? so ascertained, there shall be a Table fixed, calculating the Propor-

tions of each Parish, Township, or Place, to any given Sum, from the smallest to the greatest, that is likely

to be expended in that District within the Month ; which will make every Account clear and easy to the-

meanest UnderftanJing, and will be liquidated in an Instant.

N* XVI.

Mode of adjusting the second Account mentioned in the Act, respecting the Victuals*

Beer, Firing, and other Necessaries.

AS soon as the Agreement is made for uniting several Parishes, fcfr. the Guardians shall meet and

consider what will be a proper weekly Sum to be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer for every Person

admitted into the Poor House, estimating it as near as they can to the probable Expence of maintaining

them; the Guardians should pay to the Treasurer, at every Monthly Meeting, what shall be due for every

futh Person, upon that Calculation, for the Time he has been kept there in the Month preceding ; and, in

order to avoid Fraftions, if any Person shall have been there four Days, or more, in any of the Weeks, it

ftould be considered as a full Week, and if less than four Days, no Charge should be made for it: That,

in order to avoid Difficulties in adjusting the Account, a Table should be provided, in like Manner as be-

f<ue, and fixed up in the House, with proper Columns for the Number of Persons, the Number of Weeks,

and the Total Amount, according to the weekly Sum so agreed upon; by which that Account will likewise

be settled without the lead Trouble or Difficulty.

. The several monthly Sums paid by each Parish on this second Account, and alfothe gross Sums, should

be entered in the Treasurer’s Books; and at the End of the Year it should be computed whether the Pay-

Fvms by the several Parishes have amounted to more, or less, than the Sum expended ; if to more, the

Guardian of each Parish should receive, if to less, he should pay his Proportion thereof to the Treasurer^

to be computed according to the first Account, as directed by the Act.

RULES, ORDERS, BYE LAWS, and REGULATIONS, to be observed and en-

forced at every POOR HOUSE to be provided and established under the Authority

of the Act of the Twenty-second Year of King George the Third.

First. THAT the several Persons who shall be sent to any such Poor House, who are capable of doing

any Work, shall be employed by the Governor in fume Labour which may be bed suited to their Strength

and Capacity.

Second. That the Governor shall take particular Care to keep the said House, and the several Apartments

therein, and also the several Persons who shall inhabit the fame, clean and wholesome ; and for that Purpose

he shall employ such of the said poor Persons who shall be sent thither, whom he shall think most able and

best qualified for the Offices, to assist him therein, and also in the providing and dressing Victuals for the

Use of such poor Persons; and if any such poor Person shall refuse or neglect to perform the Work or

Labour in which he or she shall be so employed, or shall be directed to do by the Governor, every such

Person shall be punished by Confinement, or Alteration of Diet, in such Manner as the Governor shall

direct; and for a second Offence of the like Sort, Complaint thereof shall be made to some Justice of the

Peace for the Limit, who, on Conviction, shall commit such Person to the House of Correction for any

Time not exceeding two Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month.

Third. That the Apartments in the House or Houses to he provided as aforesaid, shall be adapted so as to

accommodate the Poor who shall be li nt thither in the best Manner they are capable.—That the Governor

shall place in the best Apartments such poor Persons who, having been creditable Housekeepers, are reduced

by Misfortune, in Preference to those who are become poor by Vice and Idleness; and that separate

Apartments shall be provided for the Reception of the sick and distempered Poor, and an Apothecary or

Suig 'on to be sent for to at end them when mere shall appear Necessity for it, at the Expence of the Parish

or Place to which such poor Per fons belong.

Fourth. That such poor Persons who are able to work, shall be called up by Ring of Bell, and set to

Work by Six in the Morning from Lady-day to Michaelmas, and by eight from Michaelmas to Lady-day;

and continue until four in the Afternoon from Michaelmas 10 Lady-day, and from Lady-day to Michaelmas

till fix in the Afternoon (Meal Times and Times for reasonable Recreation excepted) ; and if any such

poor Person shall refute or nevdeft to do fuen Work as shall be allotted him or her, or wilfully spoil the

fame, or depart from such House without Leave from the Governor, or shall be guilty of any Disorder or

Di obedience ro rhefe Rules and Oroers, the Governor shall reprove such Person for the fame, and puniflf

him or her by Confinement or Alteration of Diet, the said Governor shall think fit; and if such Person

(Kali be guilty of the like Offence a second Time, the Governor shall complain thereof to the Visitor of

such Houie, who is hereby authorised 10 order the Pumfhrnent of Confinement to be increased to such

D g;te as he shall think fit.

Fifth. That the Governor shall ent^r in a Book to be kept by him, an Account of the Household Goods,

Linen, Furniture, and Ucenfiia provided for the said House j and also an Account^jf the Materials bought

