The TITLES of the STATUTES.

M for efiallishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising

(t and drejfing of Hemp and Flax f as relates to the dif-

tributing and paying the Proportion of the Fund there-

by appropriated for the Encouragement of the Growth

of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called

England, by applying a Sum not exceeding fifteen

thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the said Arrears

and Duties, to the Purposes aforesaid, for a Time

limited.

59. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of

one Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein men-

tioned.

60. An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Gover-

, nor and Company of the Banlc of England, for advancing

the Sum of two Millions, towards the Supply for the

Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

eighty- one.

61. An Act* to explain and amend so much of an Act,

made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act to vefl certain Mcjjuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the

better securing his Majestys Docks, Ships, and Stores, at

Plymouth and Sheerneis, and for better defending the Paf-

Jage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury

Fort, as relates to the Security of his Majesty’s Docks,

Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth.

62. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the

eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of King William the

Third (intituled, An Act for the lessening the Duty upon

Tin and Pewter exported, and granting an Equivalent for

the fame by a Duty upon Drugs)\ so far as the lame relates

to the Importation of Drugs from the Ruffian Do-

minions; and also an Act made in the third Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the

further Improvement of his Majestys Revenue of Customs,

and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures, and

for the Prevention of the clandestine Running of Goods into

any Part of his Majestys Dominions); to permit the Im-

portation of Orchillia Weed, and Cobalt, during the

present Hostilities, from any Place whatsoever, in Bri-

tish, Irish, or Neutral Ships; and to permit Sugars, the

Growth of Demerary and EJpquibo, to be imported into

Great Britain, upon Payment of the like Duties, and

under the like Restrictions, as Sugars of the British

Islands in the West Indies.

63. An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors.

64. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this

present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for re-

pealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great

jBritain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa

Nuts, in lieu thereof, for the better and more effectual fe-

curing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under

the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for

preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready

Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the

additional Duties imposed on Malt 5 and for rectifying a

Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament,

with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional

Duty of five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise

imposed by the said Act.

65. An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United

j Company of Merchants of England trading to the East

Indies, for the Payment of the Sum of four hundred

thousand Pounds, for the Use of the Public, in full

Discharge and Satisfaction of all Claims and Demands

of the Public from the Time the Bond Debt of the said

Company was reduced to one million five hundred thou-

sand rounds, until the first Day of March, one thousand

seven hundred and eighty-one, in respect of the Terri-

torial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the

East Indies \ and also for securing to the Public in respect

thereof, for a Term therein mentioned, a certain Part or

Proportion of the clear Revenues and Profits of the said

Company; and for granting to the said Company, for a

further Term, the foie and exclusive Trade to and from

the East Indies, and Limits therein mentioned; and for

establishing certain Regulations for the better Manage-

ment of the Affairs of the said Company, as well in India

as in Europe, and the reciuiting the Military Forces of

the said Company.

66. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the

seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial

Clergy, by making Provipon for the more J pee dy and e/feftual

building, rebuilding, repairing, or pur chafing Hujes, and

other necessary Buildings and Tenements for the UJe of their

Benefices.

67. An Act to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from Driving

Cattle within the Cities of London and WeJhnirjler, and

Liberties thereof, and Bills of Mortality.

68. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the

fouith Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectualpunch-

ing Stealers of Lead and Iron Bars, fixed to Houses, or any

Fences belonging thereunto.

69. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the

twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King G or*e the Second, intituled, An Act for more ef-

fectually discouraging and preventing the /haling, and the

buying and receiving of fiolen Lrad, Iron, Copper, Brass,

Bell-metal, and Solder; and for more effectually bringing

the Offenders to fujhce.

70. An Act to explain and amend, so much of an Act,

made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for ejlabhshing certain Regu-

lations for the better Management of the A/)air5 of the bast

India Company, as well in India as in Europe, as relates

to the Administration of Justice in Bengal; and for the

Relief of certain Persons imprisoned at Calcutta in Ben-

gal\ under a Judgment of the Supreme Court of Judi-

cature; and also for indemnifying the Governor General

and Council of Bengal, and all Officers who have acted

under their Orders or Authority, in the undue Rtfiftance

made to the Process of the Supreme Court.

71. An Act for vesting the Paifh Church of Saint Christo-

pher le Stocks, in the City of London, and the Materials

and Scite thereof, and the Church-yard thereto adjoin*

ing, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng-

land, and their Successors for ever; and for uniting the

said Parish to the Parish of Saint Margaret Lothbury, in

the said City.

72. An Act for the better maintaining and regulating of

the Poor within the Town of Plymouth Dock, and Parish

of Stoke Damarell, in the County of Devon 5 and for

aving, cleansing, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and

afljges, and removing and preventing Encroachments,

Nuisances, and Annoyances, and regulating the Drivers

of Coaches, Chaises, and Carts, and also Chairmen, and

Porters, within the said Town.

73. An Act for diminishing the Fees payable, and alter-

ing the Mode of Proceeding, in the Court of Record

within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County

of Middlesex, the Hamlets and Liberties of the fame.

74. An Act for creating a new Gaol, and for removing

certain Gateways, in the City of Glouceficry and for

amending the several Acts passed for the Maintenance

and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting,

paving, and regulating the Streets there.

75. An Act for appointing new Commissioners for con-

tinuing to carry into Execution the Trusts and Powers

♦

