J90

the CommiC.

fionm of the

Sump Duuti.

AH such Bills

a«d Note*, not

prooeily stamped,

t* be invalid*

Statnp-office to

make the «;ual

Allowance on

patent Payrr.ent

of the Duties.

The said Stamps

may be altered.

* Penalty on coun-

terfeiting any

Stamp* oireflcd

to be ufeti by

this Act.

All former iPro-

▼ifions and Pe-

nalties relating

to th* Stamp-

duties shall be

in Force in levy-

ing, Ac. she pro-

•int Duties.

vDi/tieftobe paid

to the Rcce-.ver

|cnerai, and by

him paid into

the Exchequer.

Andltor of the

Jwrchrqu* to

kero a lepante

Account of the

Monies p o-

euvel b> this

Ad.

Application

the cof.

Per fona sted for

executing this

Adrn av p; ead

th* G-*nera

and recover

^Treble

C. 33. Anno vicesimo feciindo Georgu III. A.D. 1782.

the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on damped Vellum, Parchment and Paper; for

which Purpose they, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ the nectf-

Lry Officers under them, and to use and provide huh Stamps to denote the said several Duties, a* (halt

be requisite in rhat Behalf, and to do all other Things nectiury to be done for putting tins Act in Execu-

tion, with relation to the said Duties herein-before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample M up.er

as they, or the major Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning liamped

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper

HI. And, for better securing the said Stamp-duties hereby imposed, be it further enaBed, That all Vel-

lum, Parchment, and Paper, upon which any such Rill of Exchange, Promiflbry Note, or ottvT Note

payable otherwise than upon Demand, fh;tll be ingross'd, written, or printed, shall, betmc the ismr Ib.di

be ingrossed, written, or printed, be brought to the Head Office for stamping and making of Vchurn,

Parchment, and Paper; and the .said Commissioners, by themselves or their Officers, shall from Time ro

Time (lamp or mark, as this Act directs, any Quantities of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon Payment

of the said Duty; the said Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons giving such Bill of Exchange, Promis-

fory Note, or other Note, as aforesaid; and if any such Bill of Exchange, Promiflbry Note, or other

Note, so hereby directed to be stamped, shall not be marked or stamped as by this Act is directed, or shall

be marked or stamped for a lower Duty than as aforesaid, no such Bill oY Exchange, Promissory Note, or

other Note, shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court, or admitted in any Court to be good or

available in Law or Equity.

IV. And be it further emdled, That the fame Allowance shall be made on present Payment of the fe-

veral Duties granted by th s Act, in such Manner as by any former Law relating to ilamped Vellum,

Parchment, and Paper, is directed and allowed.

V. And be it fu.ther enacted, Thar such Stamp* as the said Commissioners are hereby directed and au-

thorized to provide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed in such Manner as any other Stamps on

Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, arc, by any former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper*

directed to be altered and renewed.

VI. And be it fu.ther enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counter-

feited or so'ged, any Stamp or Mark, directed or allowed to be u!ed by this Act, for the Purpose of de-

noting the Duties by this Act granted, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and SucceflVs, of

any of the said Duties; or shall fraudulently use any Stamp or M irk, directed or allowed to be used by this

Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, hia Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties; or shall utter,

vend, or fell, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to the said Duties, with such counceifeit Mark or

Impression thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeit; then every such Pet son so offending, and being

thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cates of Felony, with-

out Benefit of Clergy.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Diflributions of Penal-

ties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts

of Parliament, relating to the Stamp duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be of full Force and

'Effect wi:h relation to the Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising,

levying, coiiedling, and securing, the said new Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and

Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had severally and respectively

been hereby enacted with relation to the said new Duties hereby imposed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties herein-before granted shall be paid,

from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on stamped

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distindt Account of the several Duties jm-

posed by this Act, and pay such Duties (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the

fame being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Uses and Purpgfes in this Act mentioned*

at such Time, and in such Manner, as any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are

directed to be paid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the

said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Duties

imposed by this Act, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all

other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever;

and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other

Rates. Duties, and Revenues, as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this Scfli >n of Parliament for this

Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several and respective Annuities, and all such other Charges

and Expences, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parlia-

ment, intituled, An At1 for rmjinva certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for cflabUJhin* a Lottery.

X And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued,

moleffed, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or execured in pursuance of this Act, or of

any Clause, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General

Iilue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence ; and if upon the Trial a Verdict

shall pass fur the Dtfendantor Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such

Defendant ox Defendants (hill have Treble Costs awarded to him or them, against such Plaintiff tr Plain-

tiffs.

GoogTeA p‘

