A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo fecundo Georgii III.

C. 82.

263

Execute > «c/i

economical

Plan, porf'*?nt

to i'is Vfaie.fy*0

graciouj I ilcn-

lions.

Persons who have last held the Offices by or under which the fame have been usually issued and paid, or

by such Persons as the Commissioners of the Treasury shall appoint and direct to pay the lame.

* IV And whereas a new and oeconomical Plan is intended to be :idopted and take place, pursuant to DiVftions for

c his Majesty’s gracious Intentions/ be it therefore enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury shall carrying into

be, and they are hereby authorized and required to direct such Person or Persons as they shall think raoft

fit and capable, to prepare, make up, and lay before them, for their Approbation, Methods accommo-

dated to the several Reforms and Alterations in this Act made, and to appoint or continue in Office such

Officers as they shall judge most fit and proper for carrying such Plans into Execution, under the Direcp

tion of the Lord Steward, Lord Chamberlain, Matter of the Horse, and any other principal Officer, to

whom the said Officers (lull severally be fubordinace; and the fa id Lord Steward, Lord Chamberlain,

Matter of the Horse, and such other principal Officer, iLall regularly, within the Space of fifteen Days

after each and every Quarter Day, make out, or cause to be made out, an Estimate of all the several Ar-

ticles of Expence of his Majesty’s Civil Government, within their distindt Departments; which shall,

after being inspedted, and approved by the said Lord Steward, Lord Chamberlain, Matter of the Horse,

and uch mber principal Officer, be presented to the said Commissioners of the Treasury ; and which Efli-

mate of ExpJ'nce shall not be exceeded (except as is herein-afeer excepted and specially provided for) above

five thoufami Pounds, in any of those Departments in anyone Year, without (Efficient Reasons, to be

produced to the said Commissioners of the Treasury, for increasing the fame; and upon the Expiration of

the Quarter, the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall direct to much of the Monies of the Civil List

Revenues to be iffijed at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the said Lord Steward, Lord Chamberlain,

Matter of the Horse, or such oth. r principal Officer, or to any Person or Persons appointed for that Pur-

pose by the said Lord Steward, Lord Chamberlain, Matter of the Horse, or such other principal Officer,

with the Content and Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury, as shall be iufficient to satisfy

and pay the Whole of the Expence incurred in such Quarter, which shall be by him distributed to and

among the several Persons who shall be intitled to receive the same.

V. And be it enacted and declared. That the Abolition of the Office of the Clerks of the Green Cloth

shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, or in any respect to derogate from thejurisdic-

tion which may now be lawfully exercised by the Court commonly called The Court of Yir«s^ or The Green

Cloth, but that the fame may be held and exercised ; and it is hereby enacted, That the lame shall be held

and exercised, with all the accustomed lawful Juriftlidfion, Powers, and Privileges belonging to the fame, ^J^drs prc<

without any of the Clerks of the Green Cloth, whole Office is by, this Act taken away ; any Statute, Law, er?c

or Usage, to the contrary not with (landing.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all his Majesty’s Buildings which have been

hitherto under the Management of the Board of Works, shall be under the Direction of some one Person,

who shall be constituted and appointed by his Majesty, during his Royal PJeafure, Surveyor or Comp-

troller of his Majesty’s Works (the said Surveyor or Comptroller being bond fide by ProfeHion an Archi-

tedt or Builder), with such Officers and Clerks under him as his Majesty shall from Time to Time diretft

and appoint.

VII. And be it enacted, That all the Royal Gardens shall be under the DiredLon of a Person who shall

be appointed by his Majesty, during his Majesty's Pleasure, Surveyor or Comptroller of the King’s Gar- ^be^und-r

dens, with such Gardeners and others under him, as his Majesty shall authorize and appoint (the said ,be*Di°rection of

Surveyor of Gardens, in like Manner, being determined by Profettion a Gardener, or Improver of Grounds): And a Su-vcyor or

the said Surveyors or Comptrollers of his Majesty’s Works or Gardens, or either of them, during the hold- Comptroller, to

ing of the said Offices, shall be, and they ate hereby declared to be incapable of being elected into, or of J>e appointed by

fitting and voting in Parliament. hn u.jeB,.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the following Rule and Method (lull here-

after be observed, with regard to all Works which might heretofore have been done by the Boatd of

Works* for his Majesty’s Service; (that is to (ay), That if his Majesty shall order any new Building,

Work, or Repair, the Expence of which shall exceed the Sum of one th ,;ufand Pounds, the Pian (if in

such Works a Plan shall beusual), and an Estimate of the Expence of the fame, shall be laid before the

Lord Chamberlain; and if the said Estimate shall appear reasonable, Reference being had to the Works

ordered as aforesaid by his Majesty, the fame shall be by him certified to the Commissioners of the Trea-

fury; and if the said Commidinners approve of the said Estimate, they may and shall (if his Majesty, by

Warrant under his Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, shall so aired) authorize the said Surveyor or Architect

to execute the fame; and if the Estimate of the said Work shall be likely to exceed the Sum of five thou-

sand Pounds in the Whole, the said Comrrfissioners of the Treasury may and shall direct the said Surveyor

to contrail for the Execution of the said Work ; and, so often as it shall appear expedient to the said Sur-

veyor or Comptroller of Buildings, or that he shall receive Orders from the Lord Chamberlain for that

Purpose, he may and shall report upon and controul the Execution of the said Work in all its Parts, and

at all Times during the Progress thereof: Provided always. That it shall not be lawful for the said Sur-

veyor, Architect, or Builder, to make any Contract as aforesaid conclusively, until the fame shall be ap-

proved by the Commissioners of the Treasury, nor to make any Addition to the Expence exceeding one

thousand Pounds above the Plan or Estimate, until the fame shall be approved by the said Commissioners of

the Treasury.

IX. And be itena&<d, That if, on Complaint made to the Commissioners of the Treasury, or if other-

wife they shall fee Cause, it shall and may be lawful, before any Payment upon Account of any Works as

aforesaid be made, for the Commissioners of the Treasury to order the said Work to be surveyed by a

Builder of Credit not concerned in any of the Publick Works ; who shall be called in, and allowed one

Pound per Day for his Trouble, and shall certify to the said Commissioners of the Treasury, upon Oath

(which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to admitufter), that the Work hath

/bcTe

The Court tf

Virce, *;th

its liwful Juris*

diction ano

His Majfftj’s

Buildings to be

under the Di-

region of a Sur-

veyor or Con- p-

troller, to be ap»

poin ca by b*

Mi jelly.

Direct'ons rela-

tive to the Exe-

cution of new

Buildings or Re-

fairs.

Commiflicnrrs

of 'he Trej .ury,

befoie Payment

for >ry such

Wo/fcj, mtj or-

der the f-me to

be surveyed.

foogl

