C. 28.

3+

Anno vicesimo primo G e o r 011 III. A.D. 1781.

From May ii,

17S1, Portu-

guefe Goods may

be imported into

Great Britain ot

Ireland in Por-

tuguefe Vessels.

Certain G<Wa

may be imported

in any Neutral

Vesseli.

Good? imported

in foreign Vcf-

fels liable to

.Aliens Dutiea,

Continuance of

tJiis AO,

P/eamb»e#

Act 5 Geo. Ill,

recited.

Act 16 Geo. III.

The aforesaid

Term of tea

Years further

extended for ten

Years, in rela-

tion to Buglea

imported before

the passing of

this Act, and

vaiehoused, Sec,

10 Geo. Ilf,

Cap. 41. re-

ie.zi.

the twenty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and during the Continuance of

this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import any Goods or Commodities, of

the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of any Blind, Colony, or Plantation, belonging to, or under

the Dominion of, the Crown of Portugal, into Great Britain ox Ireland% in any Ship or Vdi'cl belonging

to any of the Subjects of the Crown of Portugal, from any Port 01 Place in Poriuga?/, or the Welkin

Blands, commonly called The Azores or Madeira Islands 5 any Law, Custom, or Ul ge, to the contrary

notwith (landing.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-

first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and during the Continuance of this Act,

it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into G'cat Britain or Ireland all Sorts of

Wool and Barilla, and Jesuits Bark and Linen Yarn, from any Country or Place whatsoever, in any Ship

or Veftel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs and Succellhrs, navi-

gated by foreign Seamen; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* 1 hut such G?o«!s as

are, in pursuance of this Act, imported into Great Britain, in any foreign Ship or Wdd, (hull be (object

and liable to the Aliens and all other Duties, in the same Manner as they would be liable to by Law if

such Ships were of the Built of the Country of which the Good* are the Growth, Production, or Ma-

nufacture.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act (lull have Continuance

during the present Hostilities with France, Spain, and the United Provinces, or either of them, and no

longer.

CAR XXVIII.

An Act for allowing further Time for the Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties upon

Bugles, when warehoused upon Importation into this Kingdom; and for obviating a

Doubt with respect to charging the Duties on Rum imported from Scotland into the Ijle

of Man.

TT J HEREAS by an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled,

An Act for more effectually /applying the Export Trade of this Kingdom Africa, with Jiuh coarse

4 printed Caliicces, and other Goods of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond

the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain; for encouraging tfoe Im~

4 portation of Bugles into this Kingdom; for the better Supply of the Export Trade thereof; and for dis continuing

the Bounty payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exportation cf

1 Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, and FlourMrom thence to the lile of Man), it is, amongst other Things,

enacted and provided, That if such Bugles as shall be imported into this Kingdom, and lodged and ic-

4 cured in such Warehouse belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as in and by the said re-

4 cited Act is prescribed, shall not be either exported, or the full Duties paid lor the fame, within five

c Years from the Importation thereof, but shall then continue and be (till remaining in the said Ware-

houses, in such Cafe it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time

4 being, or any three or more of them, to cause the said Bugles, so remaining, to be publicly fold, in Man-

4 ner and for the Purposes therein prescribed: And by another Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the

4 Reign of his present Majesty, the Term granted by the said first recited Act was enlarged to ttn Years:

4 And whereas it has been usual to export such Bugles from this Kingdom to Africa in Exchange for Ne-

4 groes, to be carried from thence to the British Colonies in America, which Trade being much inter-

rupted by the Disturbances and Rebellion in several of those Colonies, great Quantities of such Bugles

4 do now remain warehoused at several Ports in this Kingdom, and cannot be disposed of without gteit

4 Loss to the Proprietors thereof; and it is therefore expedient to enlarge the Time limited by the said

4 recited Acts for the Exportation of such Bugles, or paying the Duty for the fame :* May it therefore

please your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for such of the said Bugles as have beta

imported into this Kingdom before the palTing of this Act, and lodged and secured in any Warehouse be-

longing to his Majesty, as in and by the said first recited Act is prescribed, and stili remain unfold, the

said Term of ten Years shall be extended and enlarged for the further Term of ten Years, from the Im-

portation thereof; any Thing in the said Acts, or any other Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in

anywise notwithstanding.

4 II. And whereas, by an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (inti-

4 tuled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon certain Goods imported into the Ble

4 of Man; and for better regulating the'Trade, and securing the Revenues, of the said Island), it is, amongst

4 other Things, enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and

4 eighty, the CommifEoners of his Majesty's Customs in Great Britain respectively, or any three of them,

4 shall and may grant Licence to any of his Majesty’s Subjects to export, from any Port of England into

the Port of Douglas in the Ijle f Man, thirty thousand Gallons of Rum, the Produce of the British

4 Plantations; and from any Port of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, ten thousand Gallons of

4 such Rum, in one Year, in such Manner, and under the fame Regulations in all Respects, as if the said

4 last-mentioned Quantity had been originally limited and prescribed in and by an Act made in the seventh

4 Year of his present Majesty *s Reign (intituled, An Act for encouraging and regulating the Trade and Ma~

