C. io, 11.

289

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii 11L

enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,^ and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Per- From the passing

son or Persons to import into Great Britain, at any Time or Times before the thirtieth Day of September,

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, any Rice, Paddy, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, and Maize, , ptddyj*

from any Country or Place whatsoever, in any British Ship or Vessel legally navigated, or in any foreign duoCo*n, Ac.

Ship or Vessel, belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, may be imported

navigated by foreign Seamen, without the Payment of any Subsidy, Custom, Duty, or Imposition whatfo- Duty-free;

ever* any Thing in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwich-

standing.

il. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a due Entry shall be made, in such Manner and provided dueFa-

Form as were practised or used before the making of this Act, of all Indian Corn, Indian Meal, and Maize, try thereof be

which shall be imported or brought into this Kingdom, by virtue of this Act, before the said thirtieth Day made on impoxt-

of September, at the Custom-house belonging to the Port into which the fame shall be imported or brought alioa#

in; or otherwise, in Default of making such Entry, such Indian Corn, Indian Meal, and Maize, shall be

liable to such and the fame Duties at were payable upon the Importation thereof before the making of this

Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and such Indian Corn, Indian Meal,

and Maize, may be carried coastwise, under such Regulations as Wheat, Wheat Flour, and Pulse, of the

Growth of this Kingdom, are now allowed to be carried coastwise, at all Times before the said thirtieth

Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. X.

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for allowing the Importation of fine organxined Italian Thrown Silk, in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited

Time.

[Further continued to March 25, 1784. J

CAP. XI.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the

Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties upon Tobaeco\ to pro-

hibit the Importation of Currants into Great Britain in small Packages; to repeal such

Part of the Proviso in an Act of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, as permits Portugal and Spanish Wines, and other Wines, (except French Wines)

to be imported in small Calks for private Use; and for taking off the inland Duty pay-

able upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts into this Kingdom, upon the Exportation

thereot as Merchandize.

^  WHEREAS y an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King PretmWc/

George the.Second, intituled, An All for the more effectual securing the Duties upon Tobacco; it is, 24. Geo. II. cap,.

4 amongst other Things enacted, That no Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks exceeding twenty-four Pounds +1. recited.

f> i , Weight, nor any Snuff exceeding ten Pounds Weight, shall be inany Form or Manner whatsoever re-

\W\ I 4 moved, carried, or conveyed by Land, from any Port or Place of Importation inGreat Britain^ to any other

i0> I Port or Place within this Kingdom, without a Certificate being first had and obtained from the Collector

l and Comptroller, or other chief Officers at the Port or Place where the Tobacco was imported, that the

V1 Duties thereof were paid or secured in the Manner directed by the said Act: And whereas great Quantities

' 4 of Tobacco are clandestinely run on Shore at several of the Out Ports of this Kingdom, and such Tobacco,

t 4 and great Quantities of Tobacco Stalks, and Snuff manufactured from Tobacco, so clandestinely run on

oitf i Shore, are afterwards removed from such Out Ports, to other Ports and Places in the Country and from

I thence conveyed into London, and Parts adjacent thereto, without the Certificates directed by the said re-

4 cited Act, under a Pretence that such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Snuff, are not removing from the

\ii£ \ 4 Port or Place of Importation, whereby the good Purposes intended by the said Act have been and may be*

yS \ defeated, to the great Prejudice of the public Revenue and the fair TraderFor Remedy whereof, may it

\f\ please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s rood Excellent Majesty, by

\ and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

\ liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March, From March x$,

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, noTobacco, or Tobacco Stalks,exceeding twenty-four Pounds noTobac*

Weight, nor any Snuff exceeding ten Pounds Weight, which shall have been removed or carried by Land *°» or Tobacco

from the Port or Place of Importation in Great Britain* to any other Port or Place within this Kingdom, shall

be afterwards removed or carried to any other Port, Town, or Place whatofever in Great Britain, without a Snuff exceeding

Certificate being first had and obtained from the Collector and Comptroller, or the chief Officer of the io!b which hat

Customs at the Port or Place from which such Goods are intended to be so removed; but if there ^eenr!moJled

is not any Officer of the Customs residing at such Place, from the then Officer of Excise for the Division with nation'

whom the former Certificate was entered, that it appears to them, by the Entries of the Certificate or Cer- ^afier.0’

tificates in their Books upon their former Removal, that the Duties for such Tobacco or Snuff, or that ward* remold

the Duties for the Tobacco from which such Tobacco Sulks or Snuff were respectively dripped or manufac- without a proper

lured. Certificate.

