4i6 C. 88—92. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783:

stall be allowed the fame in his Accounts; and that in case such Storekeeper, so charged and charge-

able therewith, shall neglect or refuse to pay any such Tithes, Taxes, or Rates, so to be made on him as

aforesaid when demanded, that then, and in every such Cafe, the Sum or Sums so due and claimed for such

Tithes, andfo to beaffefled and charged on such Storekeeper, in respectof such Lands and Premises, shall

and may be levied on such Storekeeper, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as upon any other

Occupier of Lands liable to the Payment of any such Tithes, Tax, or Rate; any Law, Statute, Custom,

or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

c#o»missioner» XII. And be it further enacted, That no Commissioner, who shall be employed in the Execution of this

j*or liable tocer* Act, shall be liable, for or by reason of such Execution, to any of the Penalties mentioned in the Act of the

tainPe<i«itie». twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, Chapter the second; nor the first of William

and Mary, Chapter the eighth 5 nor the thirteenth and fourteenth of William the Third, Chapter the sixth ;

nor the hrft of George the b irft, Chapter the thirteenth.

Commissionrr# XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Commissionersas his Majesty shall nominate for the

cot difquaiiM Purposes in this Act, or any of them, shall not by reason thereof in any fort be disabled or disqualified from

from being fitting in the House of Commons, or their Election thereby become void, any Law or Statute to the contrary

turnup*0 Faf* hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act (intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual

the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and diforderly Perjons, and to Houses of

CcrreBion) to certain Cafes not therein mentioned.

1

preamble,. 1T 7 HEREAS divers ill-disposed Persons are frequently apprehended, having upon them Im-

plements for Housebreaking, or offensive Weapons, or are found in or upon Houses, Ware-

houses, Stables or Outhouses, Areas of Houses, Coachhouses, inclosed Yards or Gardens belonging

to Houses, with Intent to commit Felonies; and although their evil Purposes are thereby ma-

‘ nifefted, the Power of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace to demand of them Sureties for

4 their good Behaviour, hath not been of sufficient Effeft to prevent them from carrying their evil

4 Purposes into Execution be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre-

fer Avgo* r» sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall, after

»7»3, every Per- the first Day ot August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, be apprehended having upon him,

j»°»Vpp,*hc^cd her, or them, any Picklock Key, Crow, Jack, Bit, or other Implement, with an Intent feloniously to

break and enter into any Dwelling-house, Warehouse Coaeh-house, Stable, or Outhouse; or {hall

Housebretking; have upon him, her, or them, any Pistol, Hanger, Cutlass, Bludgeon, or other offensive Weapon, with

vr any offensive Intent feloniously to assault any Person or Perions; or shall be found in or upon any Dvvelling-house,

Weapon, with Warehouse, Coaeh-house, Stable, or Outhouse, or in any inclosed Yard or Garden, or Area belonging to

tbal”be^deemed^a any ^ouse, with an Intent to steal any Goods or Chattels; every such Person or Persons shall be deemed a

Uoguf,*c.v»ith- Rugue and Vagabond, within the Intent and Meaning of the Statute made in the seventeenth Year

in the Meaning of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws

cf 17 Goo. il« relating to Roguesy Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction,

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for better Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting, the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of

Middlesex, and certain Places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and

Annoyances therein.

CAP. XC.

An Act for better Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting, the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the.

Liberty of Westminster, and certain Places adjoining thereto 1 and for removing and preventing Nuifancei

and Annoyances therein.

N CAP. XCI.

An. Act for paving and regulating Church Lane* in and near the Parishes of Saint Alary TVhitechapel, and

Saint George in the County of Middlesex, and several other Streets, Avenues, and Places, within the

same Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, and preventing Annoyances therein; and for enabling the Inha-

bitants of the said Parish of Saint Alary Whitechapely to raise Money to defray the Expences incurred in

repairing the Parish Church.

CAP. XCII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a Place near Rider's Green, in

the County of Stafford, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and fix Collateral Cuts from the

fame, to several Coal Mines; and also a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Bir*

mingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tatmvorth, in the

said County of Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part of the said Town of

Birmingham.

mbh. 4 \\7 HEREAS an Act was passed if* the eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign* for making

AugOco. I1T. «■ VV and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from Birmingham to Bil/iartefihd from thence to

4 Auihnley.y there 10 communicate with the Canal then making between thgtiRivers Severn and Trent \ and

1 u set

