217

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo Jecundo Georgii III. C. 51.

4< appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and to

44 report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the publick Service; and what

44 Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving, colic ft ing, iff king, and accounting for publick Money; and

44 in what more expeditious and eff'eftual, and less expensive Manner, the /aid Services can in future be regulated

44 and carried on for the Benefit of the Publickaccording to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act.*

And every other of the said Commissioners in this Act named shall likewise take the fame Oath before the

said three Commissioners, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the fame, after they shall

themselves have taken the said Oath as afo/efaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Lords CammifBoners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer

for the Time being, are hereby authorized and required to ifl'ue, and cause to be paid, all such Sums of Mo-

ney not exceeding two thousand Pounds, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any

three or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, desire or direct, out of any Part of the pub*

lick Monies remaining in his Majesty’s Exchequer; which Sums so issued and paid shall be employed for

the Payment of Clerks, Messengers, and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or

‘about the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and in such Manner, and in such Proportions, as shall be

appointed by the (2id Commissioners, or any three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands an*J

Seals in that Behalf; the fame to be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall be

issued or paid, according to the Course of his Majesty’s Exchequer, without any Fees or other Charges ro

be taken or demanded for the ifl'uing and Payment of the Came on the passing of the said Accounts, other

than such Sum a9 the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall appoint,

V. And be it further enacted, That if any such publick Accountant is dead, the Executors or Admini-

stratorsof such deceased Accountant shall, when required thereto by the Commissioners, or any three or

more of Them, attend the said Commissioners, and observe and execute the Orders and Direction,? of the

said Commissioners, in like Manner as Accountants by this Act are required to do.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, so far as relates to the Powers of taking, examining, and

dating Accounts, and administering of Oaths and issuing of Precepts, shall endure for the Space of one

Year from the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and no longer.

The said three

Commission?r.

to jdminilter

the Oath to the

rc\.

L*rds.of the

Trrafury ta

2,0001, to the

O dor of the

Co.ti mill.oner

Application

thereof.

Executors of

Accountants to

attend Com mi f*

sinners, and exe-

cute their Or-

der?.

Continuance of

this A£L

CAP. LI.

An Act to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England. trading

to the East Indies, from all Damage, Interests, and Lofies, in respect: to their having

made Default in certain Payments due to the Publick, on such Payments being made at a

future stipulated Time *, and to enable the said Company to continue a Dividend of eight

Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors of their Stpck for the present Year.

c \X7 HEREAS the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, {land in- PittmMc,

VV debted to his Majesty, for Customs on Goods imported, in sundry Sums of Money, amounting

c together to the Sum of three hundred ninety-six thousand four hundred sixty-six Pounds, two Shillings,

and Sixpence, after making certain Deductions and Allowances, to which, by Law, the said Company

4 are intitled, on due Payment of the said Customs of or before the respective Days on which the fame be-

come due; which said Customs became due at the several and respective Times herein-after mentioned ;

that is to say. The Sum of one hundred sixty-three thousand three hundred fix ty-seven Pounds, twelve

4 Shillings, and Four-pence, Part thereof, on the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and

4 eighty-one; the Sum of one hundred ninety-one thousand eight hundred sixty-eight Pounds, four ShiJ-

4 lings, and Eight-pence, other Part thereof, on the twenty-third Day of January, one thousand seven

hundred and eighty-two; the Sum of fifteen thousand nine hundred thirty-one Pounds, and seventeen

Shillings, other Part thereof, on the twenty-second Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-two; the Sum of two thousand one hundred and lifry Pounds, four Shillings, and Sixpence, other

4 Part thereof, on the twenty-third Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; the

4 Sum of twenty-three thousand one hundred forty-eight Pounds, and four Shillings, Residue thereof, on

the twenty-sixth Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighry-two: And whereas, by Means

4 of the said Customs not being paid at the respective Times the fame became due as aforesaid, the said

4 Company, besides lefing the Benefit of the said Deductions and Allowances, are liable to pay Interest

.4 for the fame, at and after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum: And whereas by an Act, made

in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establifising an Agr/e-

4 ment with the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for the Payment of the

4 Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uje of the Publick, infill Discharge and Satisfaction of all

4 Claims and Demands of the Publick from the Time the Bend Debt of the said Company was reduced to one Alii

Recit'd of 2i

Oeo, HI, C*p

6S«

elusive Trade to and from the East Indies, and Limits therein mentioned; and for cjlahlishing certain Rcgtila-

4 tionsfor the better Management of the Affairs of the said Company, as ivcll in India as in Europe, and the re-

4 cruiling the Military Forces of the said Company; it was, arrongst other Things, enacted, T hat the Sum

4 of four hundred thousand Pounds should, by the said United Company, be paid into the Receipt of his

Majesty’s Exchequer, the Times, and in the Proportions therein mentioned, the last of which Pav-

Vol. XIV. Part II. < Ff 4 ments

