The TITLES of

certain Lands and Hereditaments within the Town or

Precincts of Lancaster, called The Fryerage, and for the

other Purposes therein mentioned.

12. An Act for vesting the Estate or Dalziell, lying in the

County of Lanerk, in James Hamilton £ (quire, and

others, in Fee Tail, under the Conditions and Limit-

ations within mentioned; and for vesting in the said James

Hamilton, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, the

Estate of Rojchall, lying in the tunc County, in lieu

thereof.

15. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Talbot

Esquire, deceased, in the County of Witts, intailed by

his Will, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the

Monies arising by such Sale in discharging the Incum-

brances aftedling the fame.

14. An Act for replacing the Sum of five thousand five

hundred Pounds, raised by Sale of six thousand two hun-

dred and six Pounds four Shillings, Three per Centum

Consolidated Annuities, Part of (even teen thou land Pounds,

like Annuities, mentioned in the Marriage Settlement of

John Dalrymple Esquire, and Eleanor his Wife, and

applied in the Purchase of certain Freehold, Leasehold,

and Copyhold Estates, in the County of Southampton ;

and for vesting such Estates in Edward Mordant

Esquire.

15. An Act to enable the Trustees named in the Will of

Samuel Egerton Esquire, deceased, to make Leases of

certain Parts of the Estates thereby devised j and for vert-

ing Part of the Timber on certain other Parts of the de-

viled Estates in Trustees, to be sold for the Pur poles there-

N in mentioned.

16. An Act for dividing and allotting Part of the Town

Fields, and the Whole of the Town Green, of Elgin?-

ton, in the Parish of Warden, in the County of North-

umberland.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons,

Waile Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Ma-

nor and Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcffler.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste

Lands, Commonable Woods, and Commonable Places,

within the Manor and Parish of Kingfwinford, in the

County of Stafford.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing a large Tract of

Common or Waftd Ground, called LoxleyChace, lying

Part within the Manor of Sheffield, and Part within the

Manor of Wadjley, and also certain other Commons or

Waste Grounds, and certain Common Fields and Mclne

inclolures within the Lid Manor of Wadjley, all within

the Parish of EccLsfuldin the Wert Riding of the County

of York.

(lie STATUTES.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Grounds within die Manor and Township of

Ecclesfield, and the several Soakes or Distridls of Southey

and Grennofirth, within the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the

Weft Riding of the County of York^

z\. An Act for naturalizing Emanuel Goodhart.

22. An Act to enable the Trullees of the Estates devised by

the Will of the late Sir William Rowley, to apply Part of

the Trull Monies in rebuilding the Manlion House called-

Tcndring Halland Offices, in the County of Suffolk.

23. An Act for inverting the Estates late of Thomas Barlow

Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lancaster, in Trul-

tees to be sold, to raise Money to be applied, under the Di-

redtion of the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the

Debts, Annuities, Incumbrances, and Legacies charged

upon and affecting the lame Estates, and for other Pur-

poles therein mentioned.

24. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open*

Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Common-

able Places, in Tugby, in the County of Leicffler.

25. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the

Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and Com-

mons or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Lock-

ton, in the Parish of Middleton, in the North Riding of

the County of hhrk.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Fields, Parcels of Common Fen, and other Common-

able Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of

Frampton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of

Lincoln, and also certain Plots of Land called The

Reaches, Marsh, and Holmes's, in and near to the said

Parish of Frampton.

27. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the

Reverend John Daves Clerk, in the Counties of Hants,

Surrey, and Devon, in Trullees, to be sold, and for lay-

ing out the Money arising by liich Sale in the Purchase

of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu

thereof, to the same Uses.

28. An Act to imoower Margaret Bowes Spinster, Lieute-

nant Colonel Thomas Thoroton, and Anne his Wife, and

the Reverend Robert Croft, and Elizabeth his Wife, to

grant Leases of their settled Estates in the County of

Northumberland, and County Palatine of Durham; and

for vesting certain Parts of the fame Estates in Trustees,

to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other

Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

An Act for vesting Part of the several Estates of Ri-

chard Whitworth Esquire, in the County of Stafford, in

Trustees, to be exchanged for Part of his unsettled imitates

in the lame County, of greater Value*

