Anno vicesimo tertio Georg it III.

33°

C. 39.

A.D. 1783.

bark again below the fa;H Boundary of one hundred and fifty Yards from the said Road, then such Sum

<c as the Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Navigation, shall think proper ; and for all such before enu-

merated Articles, except Coal, passing from the Stroudwater Navigation into the new Canal, and not

u going thereon further tn in one hundred and fifty Yards above the aforesaid Road, or going out of the

laid new Cana! into the Stroudwater Navigation, and not having previously at any Tunc parted along

<l any Part of the said new Canal above the said Boundary of one hundred and fifry Yards from the hid

4< Road, one Shilling per Ton ; but for such enumerated Articles, except Coal, passing from the Stroud-

li water Navigation into the new Canal, and going thereon more than one hundred and fifty Yards above

44 the said Road, and not afterwards return, d back again below the said Boundary of one humired and fifty

* Yards from the hid Road, or going out of the said new Canal into the Stroudwater Navigation, and having

€i previously atany Time parted along am Part of the said new intended Canal above the said Boundary ofone

44 hundred and fifty Yards from the said Ro^.d, thru lu h Sum as the Proprietorsofthe Than.es and&^wiNa-

u vigation shall think proper When the 7horecs ana Snurn Company lower their Rates, the Stroudwater

44 Company are to lower their Rates. The Powers or the Strcudveuter Company w ithin their own Limits,

44 not altered; unless they reduce their Rates taken at ITalihridie. Mater.als fi r making and repairing the

44 respective Can ils topafs free mutually. Persons navigating Tlu.n^s and Sd’crn Canal notto land Goods on

44 JyaUbridge Wh ar f without Leave; except Materials whiill the N ivig?tion is making. Boatmen to shew

their Pals Tick*, ts. Drains to be made in the Canal to convey the Water from the Lands adjoining, and

44 how the fame lh.dl be maintained. Lanu-owners aggrieved by the O tt; uftion of the Company’s Water-

* couriers, may cleanse them, at the Company’s Expence. When Cattle deprived of Watering Places,

44 others to be provided. CUufe for fencing of} Towing Path, and making Bridges, V. If the Company

44 do not fence of}' the Towing Paths, and make Bridges, L*c. Land-owners may do it at the Company’s

44 Expence. If Bridges, &c. made by the Company are inefficient. Land-owners may make others at their

44 own Expence. 7'he Company enabled tocleanfe the adjoining Watercourses at the Land-owners Ex*

*4< pence, if they neglect. Land-owners may ercitt Warehuuies, etc- on their own Lands. Matters to put

4t their Names on the Outsides of their Boats, and fufter them to be measured, on Penalty of forty Shillings.

44 Boat-matter or Owner made accountable for Damages d*ne by the Crew. Proper Places to be made for

444 Boats to turn or lie in, for other Boats to pass by. Vessels lying so as to obflrudt the Navigation to be re-

44 moved. VeiEls funk to be weighed up. Persons ovcrload’ng and obttnutting the PafTige of the Canal,

444 to forfeit 5/. Persons throwing Ballall into tue Canal to forfeit 101. Persons opening the Locks, or

44 doing other Damage to the Navigation, to forfeit a Sum not more than $/. nor less than 20s. at the Dif-

44 cretion of the Justice. Regulation ofVeflels passing the Locks.* Vcilels pitting Locks with less than fix

144 Tons, to pay a Lock Due, and Tonnage for fix Pons. Canal not to be under the Power of Com-

*44 millioners of Sewers. Proprietors to be taxed for Lands and Buildings in the fame Proportions as ad-

44 joining Lands and Buildings. Land-rwrters are allowed to carry Manure Toll-free. Righ s or Lords

44 of Manors and Land-owners to the Fisheiy reserved. Persons on boaid having Nets, Uc. not being

44 qualified, forfeit t;/- Stones to be erected every HilfMile. Mode of electing new CVmmissioneis.

44 Their Qualification. Commissioners acting, not being qualified, to forfeit Commissioners to give

44 Notice of their Meetings. Commissioners to he (worn. The Oath. Commissioners may a<tt as Justices.

44 No Commtrtloner to act as such while he poficlles any Place of Profit. General Meeting or Commission*

44 ers. Meetings upon Requett, m *y be lummoned at any Time. No Meeting to deteitnine Dilpuies,

44 &c. but within five Miles of the Canal. Writings to be exempred from S'amp-duties. Security to be

44 taki n from the Treaiurer, tsT Clause to compel Payment of Subscriptions Penalties and Forfeitures

44 how to be recovered and applied. Persons aggrieved by any Irregularity in Distress, to recover only the

44 Special Damage. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter hellions/’

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the

United States of America ; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers

for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty’s Do-

minions and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

Preamble.

No Manifest,

&c. required

from an> A me*

rican V (Tel on

cominjt into or

cleari £ out of

• ny Brifi/h Port,

except Exporta-

tion Bonds.

For discharging

Bunds given for

find r g Goods in

America.

4 IT 7HEREA S it is expedient, for the Purpose of opening aCommercial Intercourse with the Inha*

4 YV bitants of the United (States of America, that certain Restrictions attesting the fame should be re*

4 moved, and that certain Powers should be given, for a limited Time, to his Majesty in Council, for re-

4 gulating the said Commercial Intercourse / be it therefore emitted by the King's most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament act'embled, 2nd by the Authority of the fair.e, That no Manifest, Certificate, or other Docu-

ment whatsoever, shall be required for any Ship or Vtttfel belonging to the said United States of America

arriving from thence at any Port in this Kingdom, or upon entering or clearing out from any Port in this

Kingdom, for any Port or Place within the find United States, excepting such Bonds as are required to be

taken, duly to export and not to relard any Goods intitleJ to a Drawback or Bounty, ot which are pro*

hibited to be used or worn in this Kingdom; any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary notwith-

fhnding.

II And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Cafe where a Certificate is

required todifebarge any such Bond, entered into for the due landing such Goods within the said United

States, such Bond shall and may be discharged, upon a Certificate under the Hands and SeaE of any Ulri-

cas who are or may be appointed by the said United States, or any of them, fox that Purpose .j and if it

m

