154-

MbneH,

of Militit, hi

whose Regi-

ments the

Time of Str-

ike of sny pri-

vate Men will

expire between

April 1, and

Dec. 1, are to

Colonels, See* to

return Lifts of

£ach Men who

are willing to

cootinue, &c. Co

the Clerks of

the General

Meetings}

which Clerks,

Deputy Lieut*

fee. are forth-

with to proceed

to ballot for pro-

per Men to serve

instead of those

mhofe Times

will expire as

Clerks of Sub-

orn (ion Meet-

ings to fend Lifts

of the Names,

Ac. of Militia

Men sworn in

to the Com-

mandant of the

Corps to whiclv

they, belong, Ac,

C. 7—8. Anno viccfimo fecundo Georgu III. A.D. 178s.

• hfingrefative to the AfHith Forces tf this Kingdom 5 and for making certain Provisioni relative to the Finable

4 Men in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; which were intended to prevent in some Degree this

* Inconvenience, have been found inefficient :* For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s moil

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com*

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and immediately

after the passing of this Act, the Colonels and Commandants of the several Regiments and Corps of Militia,

in which Regiments or Corps the Time of Service of any private Militia Men will expire between the first

Day of April and the first Day of December next ensuing, shall, and they are hereby respectively required

forthwith.to apply, in the Manner directed by the said Act of the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty*

tp every such private Man, and to enquire if he is willing to continue his Service for a further Term of

three Yeart, and for what Sum or Price he shall be so willing to continue it, if required.

enquire of every such Mm if he is willing to cootinue his Service for s further Term of three Years.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Colonel and Commandant of

every such Regiment and Corps of Militia, shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to return a List aj^

Well of such private Militia Men as are willing to continue so to serve, as of all others whose Times of Ser-

vice will expire between the first Day of April, and the first Day of December, next ensuing, to the Clerk

of the General Meeting of the County or Riding to which such Regiment or Corps shall respectively be-

long, in like Manner as is directed by the said recited Acts, or either of them ; and all Clerks of General

Meetings, Clerks of Subdivifioti Meetings, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, and all other Per-

fons concerned, are hereby respectively authorised and required, upon the Receipt of such Lifts, forthwith

so proceed to ballot for proper Men to serve in the Militia, in the Placeof those whose Times will expire as

aforesaid^ and for that rurpose to execute all the Powers and Directions given by the said recited Acts, or

any other Act or Acts of Parliament respecting the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, as if all the Clauses,

Provisions, Powers, Matters, and Things, contained in any of the said Acts relating to the Premises, were

repeated and rc-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

ifbrefefd.

TIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any Militia Men

shall be ballotted for and (worn in, in the Manner herein-before directed, the Clerks of the Subdivision

Meetings respectively shall forthwith give Notice thereof, and transmit a List of the Names and Places of

Abode of such Militia Men to the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment or Corps of Militia to which

they shall Delong; and every Colonel or Commandant of such Regiment or Corps of Militia is and are

Iteteby authorised from Time to Time to discharge of those Men whose Times will soonest expire,

a Numbfcr equalto‘thofe who are ballotted for and sworn in, and in Readiness to join his Regiment 01

Corps, so as to keep his Regiment or Cofps as complete as may be during the Period before mentioned.

CAP. VII.

Act Act for farther continuing an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian thrown Silk in any Ships or Vejfelsy for a limited Time*

. [Further continued to March 25, 1783.]

CAP. VIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

44 Preamble. 13,500,000/. to be raised by Annuities, and 405,000/. by a Lottery. Contributors to the

44 Sum of 13,$00,000 A to be intttled to certain Annuities; which shall be charged upon a Fund to be

44 establiflbed this Session, and collaterally on the Sinking Fund. Every Contributor of 1,000/. shall, upon

44 Payment of 30/. more, be intitled to Three Lottery Tickets. Preamble; reciting that Books have

44 been opened at the Bank, and Depofiis made, pursuant to a Resolution of the House of Commons. All

44 Persons who have made Deposits, pursuant to the aforesaid Resolution, are required to pay the Remain-

44 der of their Subscriptions at certain Times specified. Subscribers to the Annuities to be allowed Inte-

44 rest for all Monies paid in Advance. Subscribers to the Lottery, on paying in the Whole of their Sub-

44 feriptions, shall receive Tickets to the Amount thereof. Subscribers to the 1^,500,000/. intitled to an

44 Annuity of 3 per Cent. and an Annuity of per Cent., and also an Annuity ot 171. 6 d* -for 78 Years

44 all payable half-yearly. Annuities cobe payable and transferable at the Bank of England^ &rc. Caftller

44 of the Bank to give Receipts to Contributors for Money received ; which shall be assignabJe. Cashier

44 to give Security, to the good Liking of the Commissioners of the Treasury ; and to pay all Monies re-

44 ceived into the Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury impowered to apply the Money paid in by

44 theCafhier. A Book to be provided in the Accountant-general's Office, in which Contributors Names

14 shall be entered, &c. After Contributors shall have paid their Subscriptions, they will be intitled to

44 receive the Annuities granted by this A& ; which shall be Tax-free. Subscriptions paid in Part, and

44 not completed, shall be forfeited to the Public. As soon as Contributors have completed their Pay-

44 ments, the Sums subscribed shall, in the Books of the Bank, be placed to their Credit; and shall be af-

44 signable. Annuities charged on the Fund to be established for Payment thereof. Governor, (sfc. of the

44 Bank, to appoint a Chief Cashier, and Accountant-general. Monies to be issued at the Exchequer to

44 the Chief Cashier* for Payment of Annuities created by this Act. Accountant-general to examine Re-

44 ccipts and Payments. Annuities to be deemed personal Estate. Books to be kept by the Accountant-

44 general, wherein shall be entered all Transfers of Sums advanced on this Act. Persons poHefted of

4 ^ 44 Stock

