A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo fecundo Georgii III.

C. 31.

19c

CAP. xxxiv.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service

of the Year one thousand seven hundred and Eighty'two; and for consolidating certain

Annuities, which were made one Joint Stock by an Act made in the thircy-first Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, with certain Annuities consoli-

dated by several Acts, made in the twenty-fifth, twenty^eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-first,

thirty-second, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, and several.

subsequent Acts.

4 Most Gracious Sovereign*

f \X/E* your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

4 VV assemblfd, towards raising the necessary Supplies, which we have chrerfuliy granted to your Ma-

# jesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum herein-

4 after mentioned ; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it

enacted by the King’s most: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament atltmbled, and by the Authority of the same,

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty* Treasury, now or for the

Time being, or any 1 hreeor more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time or

Times before the fifth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, to cause or direct any

Loans to be taken or received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, from any Person or Persons, Natives or Fo-

reigners, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out there,

for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in Loans and Exchequer Bills together, in the Whole, the

Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, in the fame or like Manner, Form, and Order, and

according to the fame or like Rules and Directions, as in and by an Act of this present Session of Parlia-

ment, intituled, An Aflfor granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for

the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty two, are prelcribed, concerning the Loans or

Exchequer Bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes*

Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilites, contained in the said last men-

tioned Act, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the fame Act (except such

Clauses as do charge the fame on the Taxes granted by the fame Act, and except such Clauses as limit the

Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act, and also ex-

cept as is herein-after mentioned), shall be applied and extended to the Loans and Exchequer Bills to be

made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Loans or

Exchequer Bills had been originally authorized by the said last mentioned Act, or as if the said several

Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Exchequer Bill or

Bills to be made out by virtue of this Act, shall, after the fame hath or have been issued at the Exchequer,

be afterwards, at any Time before the sixth D.iy of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three,

received or taken, or pass or be current, to any Receiver or Collector in Great Britain of the Customs,

Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or

Successors; or at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from any such Receiver or Collector, or from any other

Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, otherwise or on any other Account than for the Dif*

charge and cancelling of such Bills, in case the fame shall be in due Course or Order of Payment before the

said sixth Day of April, nor shall any such Receiver or Collector exchange, at any Time before the said

sixth Day of Aprils for any Money of such Revenues, Aids, Taxes, or Supplies, in his Hands, any

Exchequer Bill or Bills which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Action

be maintained against any such Receiver of Collector for neglecting or refuting to exchange any such Bill

or Bills for ready Money, before the said sixth Day of April; any Thing in the said Act, rrude in this pre-

sent Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised

in- Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty two, or this Act, contained

to the contrary noewithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, to-

gether with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to, or attending the fame, shall be, and

are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or borne by or out of the first Aids or Supplies

which shall he granted in the next Session of Parliament; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies f«»r that

Purpose shall not be granted before the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three,

then all the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, with the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, incident to

or attending the fame* shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as, at any Time

or Times at or afrpr the said fifth Day of July, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the

Surplusses, Exceff s, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The

Sinking Fund (except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Uf£ «>r

Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Monies of the said Sinking Fund shall

and may be issued and applied as soon as the fame can be regularly stated and ascertained, lor and towards

paying off, cancelling, and discharging such Loans or Exchequer Bills, inteiefi, Premium, Rate, or

Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money i'uflkient for

that

Preamble#

Commissioner*

ot ihe Treasury

may raise

1,500,000 I. by

Lo^ns and Ex-

chequer Bnl%

before Jjn. 5,

in hke

Manner a is pr«-

Icnbco by 'he

Land Tax A6E

of this htfijon,

concerning

Loans, Arc.

The CJau'ts,

*c. in the said

Ad rel.iing to

Loans or Exche*

qer Bills (L*«

ccption) ex-

tended 10 this

A&.

Exchequer Bills

so issued not to

be received again

in Paymentof

any Taxes,

nor exchanged

b-fote April 6,

i:8l-

Ailion not to

lie for such Re-

fufcl.

Pri ncipal and

Interest, with

Char.es, to be

repaid ut of fh*

next Suprl »,s J

and if Uiffkient

Supplies be not

gramed tufor*

July 5, 17S3, to

be cDJ'ged < a

the Sinking

Fund.

