384

For Want of a

Sufficient Num-

ber to a£>, th«

Court to be ad-

journed to an-

other Day.

Power of the

Coreuni&oncri.

Clerk and Ser-

jeant appointed*

Comm'ffloners,

Victuallers, See,

not to bold any

Place of P/ofit.

Clerk to fix a List

of the Commit

sioners in the

Court of Re-

«}!}{*fts i to issue

Summ .'nfVc, and

icgifter Oiaera.

Serjeint to feive

Precepts,

Person j may sue

for Debts under

40 s.

Now Process

ilKe.

On Payment of

the whole Debs

and Fee at the

Time of fervinf,

furtbe r Proceed-

ings frail beilop-

ped.

Comrr-i flionera

may regulate the

Proceedings of

the Court j

C. 73. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii i III. A.D. 1783-

and are hereby directed to be held in the Guildhall at Shrgw/hury aforesaid on every IVedtufday Fortnight

throughout the Year; but no Court shall be held on Chnfi.t.as-Duy, and when Christmai-Day {hall happen

on a lVednefday, the Court shall be holden on the next preceding Day.

II. Provided nevertheless, That in case three or more of the said Commissioners shall neglect or refuse

to assemble on any Day or Days appointed for holding the said Court of Requests, that then it shall and

may be lawful to and for the Cleric of the said Court to adjourn the fame to and until the Court Day then

next following, and so toties quoties, until a iuSicicut Number of the said Commissioners shall be assembled

for holding the said Court as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner?, or any three or more of them, from Time

to Time assembled as aforesaid, shall Inve Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to hear and de-

termine all such causes and Matters of Dtbt as shall be brought before them in Manner herein-after men-

tioned, and to give tuch Judgements, and to make such interlocutory and final Orders and Decrees therein,

and to award such Execution thereupon, with Colts, both against "the Bodies and the Goods and Chattels

of all and every the Person and Perions against whom they shall give or make any such Judgement, Or-

der, or Decree, as to them shall teem just, a:xl mod agreeable to Equity and good Conscience ; and if the

Commissioners io assembled shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question that may come before

them, the Commissioner present, whose Name shall precede the Names of the other Commissioners in the

Lilt of Commissioners herein after directed to be kept in the Guildhall aforesaid, shall have the casting

Voice.

IV. And be it further em&ed, That Peter Vaughan, of the Town of Shrewdury% shall be, and he is

hereby constituttd and appointed Clerk of the said Court of Requests; and that Edward Needham, of the

Town ofSbrewfoury^ shall be, and is heieby constituted and appointed Serjeant of the said Court; who

shall iefpe<Stively continue Clerk and Serjeant of the said Court of Requests so long as they shall behave

themselves well in their respective Offices.

V. Provided always, That no Commissioner, nor any Person or Persona who shall keep any Victualling

House, Ale-house, or other House of publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Beer, Ale,

Cyder, Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of holding the Place of Clerk, or

any other Office or Place of Trust or Profit belonging to the said Court.

VI. And be it further enavfted, That the Clerk herein-before named and appointed, and his Successors,.

shall from Time to Time make, and cause to be fixed up in some conspicuous Part of the said Court of

Requests, a Lir and compleat Lift in VVriling of the Commissioners author ifed to put this Act in Execution ;

and also shall, and he and they is and are hereby impowered and required to issue or cause to be ifl'ued

out all Summonses, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, and Precepts, and to register and enter, or

cause to be registered and entered, all causes, Orders, Decrees, and Judgements, and other Act and

Proceedings of the said Court, in proper Books, to be by him and them provided and kept from Time ro

Time for that Purpose ; and that the Serjeant of the (kid Court of Requests herein-before named and

appointed, and his Successors, shall, from Time to Time, and he and they is and are hereby impowered

and require to serve and execute, or caused to be served and executed, all such Summonses, Attachments,

Warrants, Subpoenas, Executions, and Precepts, and to do and perform all such Acts, Matters, and

Things* as are directed and appointed to be by him done and performed in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, Thar, Torn and after the second Day of%Ju!y, one thousand seven

hundred and eigh:y-thrce, it shall and may be lawful to and for ali and every Person and Person® whom-

soever, who now hath or have, or that hereafter shall or may have, any Debt or Debts not amounting t<*

forty Shillings, and exceeding two Shillings, due or owing.ro him, her or them, in his, her, or their

own Right, or as Executor, Administrafor, Guardian, or Trustee, by or from any other Person or Persons

whomsoever inhabiting or tefiding within the Town and Liberties of Shreivsbury aforesaid, or either of

them, or trading and dealing, or locking a Livelihood therein, to apply to the Clerk of the said Court,

who shall immediately make an Entry in his Book of the Cause, expressirg the Names of the Parlies,

and the Sum demanded; and dull thereupon make out and deliver a Summons in Writing under his•

Hand, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, specifying the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and the

Name or Names of the Party or Parties demanding the fame, thereby requiring and commanding such

Debtor or Debtors to appear at a certain Time and Place before the Commissioners of the said Court tfl

answer such Demand ; and the Serjeant of the said Court shall forthwith serve, or cause the said Summon®

to be served, upon such Debtor or Debtors, either perionaliy or by leaving the fame at the Dwtlling-

house or Place of Abode, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of Dealing or Working of

such Debtor or Debtors within the Town or Liberties aforesaid; and the said Commissioner s, or any three

or more of them, (hftl, upon Proof made of the serving of such Summons, have full Power and Autho-

rity, by virtue of this Act, to make Enquiry concerning such Debt or Debts, and to pronounce and give

such final Sentence or Judgement, and to make such interlocutory or final Orders and Decrees therein, as

to them shall appear mod just and equitable; and the fame shall be observed and performed in all Refpefls,

as well by the Plaintiff as by the Debtor or Defendant.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That in case such Debtor or Debtors, on being served

with such Summons, shall forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, into the HanJs of the Serjeant or the Cre-

ditor, or to his or her Agent, the Whole of the Debt due and owing, together with the Fees payable to the

Clerk for Entry and Summons, and the Serjeant for serving the fame, the Receipt of such Serjeant, Cre-

ditor, or Agent, for such Debt, shall (top all further Proceedings of the said Court against such Debtor or

Debtors.

* IX. And for better regulating the Proceedings of the said Courtof Requests, and rendering this AQeffec-

‘ tual for the Purposes thereby intended,’be it enacted, That the Commissioners of the said Court of Rtquefh,

or any seven or more of them in Court assembled, shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this

Goc eAa>

