A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III.

C. 55*

After July 2$,

1781, no Tea,

abovi fix Pound*

After July 15,

1781, no Te*

above 40 Pounds

Weight (not be-

ing in the Chtft

in which it was

imported), di-

rected to any one

Person, Ac. /hall

be removed from

one Town to aa-

other.

Commissioners of Excise {hall allow to such Officer one third Part of the full Sum that shall arise from the ed for unlawful

Sale of such Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, or Cocoa Nuts, after Condemnation thereof respectively, free of all

Charges of Condemnation and Sale.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Coffee, Cho- How the Officer

colate, Cocoa Paste, and Cocoa Nuts, so seized, after Condemnation thereof, be sold at a public Sale for the

Sum of one Shilling per Pound Weight, such Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, and Cocoa Nuts, respec- ^ *c> fe«ed

lively, shall not in any wise be fold, but the fame, and every Part thereof, shall be burnt or otherwise de- by him fall

ftroyed, by the Order of the respective Commissioners of Excise ; and, in such Cafe, the Officer making provcuafakibic.

the Seizure shall be rewarded in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper, such Reward

not exceeding Sixpence for each Pound Weight of such Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, and Cocoa Nuts, ic-

spectively, so burnt or destroyed.

4 XX. And whereas Tea Dealers, and other Persons, do frequently, under Colour and Sanction of the

* Permits granted to them for the Removal of T ea from one Part of this Kingdom to another, find Means

1 to convey smuggled Tea into their Stocks, near to the Coasts of this Kingdom, and afterwards to con-

‘ vcy and remove such smuggled Tea to Places within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or to

* other Parts of this Kingdom, there to be sold and disposed of, to the encouraging of Smuggling, the ....

€ great Diminution of the public Revenue^ and to the Injury of the fair Trader;1 for Remedy whereof. Weight~(estcrpr’

be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of July% one thousand *c.) fall be

seven hundred and eighty-one, no Tea (exceeding the Quantity of six Pounds Weight) shall at any Time 5i°gh/,w°

(save as herein-after is mentioned) be removed or carried from any Part of this Kingdom, not being within of Mof-

the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or of the Chief Office of Excise in London, to any Place 7#

within the said Limits; and if any Tea shall be found so removed or carried, or removing or carrying, Penalty,

whether within or without Permit (save as herein-after is mentioned), the fame, together with the Canii-

ters, Bags, and other Package whatsoever, containing the fame, and the Vessels and Boats, and the

Horses, and other Cattle, and Carriages, employed in removing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and

may be seized by the Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXI. And be it furcher*enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth

Day of July* one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, noTea exceeding the Quantity of forty Pounds

Weight (not being in the original Chest in which the fame Tea was imported into this Kingdom by the

United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies^ and then continuing in the fame

State in which it was so imported), at any one Time, directed to one and the same Person or Persons,

where there are two or more in joint Trade or Partnership, shall be removed or carried from any City,

Town, Parish, or Place, in this Kingdom, not being within the Limits aforesaid, to any other Place out

of the Limits aforesaid, not within the said City, Town, Parish, or Place, from which the fame shall be

so removed or carried $ and if any Tea, exceeding the said Quantity of forty Pounds Weight, at any one

Time, directed to one and the same Person or Persons, where there are two or more in joint Trade or

Partnership (and not being in the original Chests as aforesaid), shall be found so removed or carried, or

removing or carrying, whether with or without Permit, the fame, together with the Camfters, Bags, and Penalty#

other Package, containing the fame, and the Vessels and Boats, and the Horses and other Cattle and

Carriages employed in removing or carrying the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by

any Officer or Officers of Excise. Several Pack.

XXI I. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this A contained shall be construed to agwof^Poondt

prevent any Dealer in any such City, Town, Parish, or Piace, as aforesaid, from taking out two or more *«chmay befent

Permits, and by virtue thereof fending two or more Packages of forty Pounds each to the same Person in unde'/*

the same Day, so as the said Packages shall not contain more than forty Pounds each, and shall be sent different Pert

under different Permits, and by different Conveyances. mitt, &c.

XXIII. And be it further ena£led by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth After July 25,

Day of Jufy9 one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, all Tea seized and arrested by any Officer of 1781, all Tea

the Customs, or for the Inland Duties upon Tea, for any Cause of Forfeiture, in any Part of JEngland, ^ Eng.

Dominion of Wales^ or the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy shall, before the fame Tea, or any Part thereof,

be fold, be font to and deposited in some Warehouse or Warehouses, to be appointed for that Purpose by London a™ d*.

the respective Commissioners of Excise and Customs in England, within the City of London, in order to porued in Ware*

be there publicly fold ; and that all Tea seized and arrested by the respective Officers of the Customs or houses;

Excise, for any Cause of Forfeiture, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, before the

fame, or any Part thereof, be fold, be sent to and deposited in some Warehouse or Warehouses, to be *"<i«MTea

appointed for that Purpose by the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Scotland, within 1 I?*

the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, to be there publicly fold ; all which said Teas shall be sent to the said fc,t to^din-

Warehouses, in the said Cities of London and Edinburgh respectively, with proper Permits signed by the burgh* and so

respective Officers of Excise, or Supervisors of the Place or Distridt from whence the said Tea is to be deposited, Ac#

removed, to accompany such Tea from the Parts or Places where the fame shall have been secured, after

the fame shall have been seized and arrested as aforesaid, to such Warehouse or Warehouses, so to be ap-

pointed as aforesaid; in which Permits shall be expressed that the Tea so sent is Tea seized as forfeited,

or Tea condemned as forfeited, as the Cafe shall happen to be ; any Thing in this, or in any other Act of

Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the How DeaJerrart

said twenty-fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, if any Dealer in Tea* who to proceed who

shall have received into his Stock any Tea removed according to the Directions of this Act, and accom- AaI1 fce Caafe

panied with an authentic Permit or Certificate, shall fee Cause to return the fame, or any Part thereof, to TeTrecSve^by

the Person from whom he received the fame, then and in every such Cafe fiK:h Tea Dealer may, within thrm agreeable

twenty-four Hours after he or she shall have received the fame Teainto his or her Stock, give Twelve t^thU

4 Hours

^.oogie

