140

Jtuks, iec. to

\»e made by the

Court of Aider-

nr.cn, to be

printed, Sec,

Warrants may

be executed on

Offenders, or

their Gcods, out

of the Turifdic-

tion wherein

they were grant-

ed.

Yrofectnion to be

commenced

within 14 Days

after the Of-

fence, Sec,

Persons aggrfer-

-cd may appeal

to the Quarter

Sessions,

giving 14 Days

"Notice.

Proceedings not

to be quashed for

want of Form.

nor removeable

by Certiorari.

How Justices to

proceed for Con-

eiffion of

Offender*.

Form of Con-

Yi&ion*

C. 67; Anno viqefimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781,

t

made, from Time to Time, by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, shall, within fourteen Days

after the making of such Rules, Orders, and Ordinances, be printed and affixed upon such of the moil

conspicuous Places within the said Cities of London and lV*jlminster% and Liberties thereof, and Bills of

Mortality, in such Manner as the said Court shall think proper, and, from Time to Time, order.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person against whom a Warrant shall be iiTu-ed by any

Justice of the Peace, cither before or after Conviction as aforesaid, for any Offence against this Act, or

against such Rules, Orders, and Ordinances, hereafter to be made as aforesaid, shall escape, go into, re-

fide, or be in any other County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of the Person

granting such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid; or if the Goods and Chactels of any Offender, convicted

of any Offence in pursuance of this Act, shall be in a different County, City, Liberty, Town or Place;

than where the said Party was convicted, or the Warrant of Distress grained, it shall and may be lawful

for any Justice of the Peace of the County, City* Liberty, Town, or Place, into which such Person shall

escape, either before or after Conviction, or where his Goods and Chattels shall be after such Conviction*

ahd they, and every of them, are hereby required, within their respective Jurisdictions, upon Proof made,

upon Oath,.of the Hand Writing of the said Juifice granting such Warrant or Warrants, to indorse his

or their Name or Names on such Warrant, and the fame, when so indorsed, shall be a suficient Authority

to all Peace Officers to execute such Warrant, in such other County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place,' out

of the Jurisdiction of the Person granting the said Warrant; and the said Justices respectively, or any one

of them, as the Cafe shall happen, after indorsing the said Warrant, may, on the Offender or Offenders

being apprehended and brought before the said Justices, or anyone of them, within their respective Juris-

distions, proceed to hear and determine the Complaint in the same Manner as if it had originally arose

within rheir respective Jurisdictions, or may direct the Offender to be carried to the Person who granted

the said Warrant, to be dealt with according to Law.

X. Provided always, and be. it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall suffer any

Punishment for any Offence committed against this Act, unless the Prosecution for the fame be com-

menced within fourteen Days after the Offence shall be committed \ and that when any Person shall suffer

Imprisonment, pursuant to this Act, for any Offence contrary thereto, in Default of Payment of any Pe-

nalty hereby imposed, or shall hereafter be imposed, for the Breach of any of the Rules, Orders, and Ordi-

nances, which shall or may be made by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen, as aforesaid, such Person shall

not be liable afterwards to pay such Penalty.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall

think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by the Order or Judgment of any Justice of the Peace, upon

Account of any Offence committed, or supposed to be committed, against this Act, it shall and may be

lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the next General or Qimtcr Sessions of the Peace to be holden

for the County, City, or Place, where any such Conviction shall be made, the Person or Persons so ap-

pealing first giving Security, in the Sum forfeited, before such Justice or Justices in their respective Juris-

distions, to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to abide by the Order or Orders which shall be made

on such Appeal 5 and giving fourteen Days Notice, in Writing, of such Intention to appeal, to the Party

or Parties on whose Prosecution such Conviction was founded, if there are so many Days between the Time

of the Conviction and such General or Quarter Scfftons; and if there are not, then to the next subsequent

General or Quarter Session which shall be held after any such Conviction; and the Justices, in the said

General or Quarter Sessions, are hereby authorised to hear and determine every such Appeal, and to make

such Order therein, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear to be just; and to cause to be levied,

under the Order of any such Session, the Costs which shall be awarded, together with such Sum of Money

as any such Coqrt of Session, on the hearing any such Appeal, shall adjudge to be forfeited, by

Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person who shall refuse to pay such Costs and Sum of

Money forfeited, or,of the Person or Persons who shall have become Surety or Sureties for him as

aforesaid. . J

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Order or Proceedings to be made or had by or before any

Justice of the Peace, by virtue of this Act, shall be quashed. or vacated for want of Form; and that the

Order of the Justices, at their General or Quarter Sessions, within their several Jurisdictions, shall be final;

and that no Proceedings of any such Justices out of Session, or in their said General or Quarter Sessions, in

pursuance of this Act, shall be removeable by Certiorari, or otherwise. —-*- —

4 XIII. And, for the more, easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act,* be it further

enacted. That,all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall

be convicted of any Offdnce against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the

following Form of Words,* or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Cafe shall happen;

(videlicet-%) . ’ - . . - .*:■*- 1 »

BE it remembered, That on the* .. Day of in the Year of our Lord

A, B. is convicted before me C. D. one of his Majesty’s

Justices of the Peace for the Cities of London and IVeJlmitifler, or the County of Middlesex, either on his

own Confession, or on the Oath of oneor more credible Witness or Witnesses (as the Cafe shall be)y by

virtue of an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, 16

prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving Cattle within the Cities of London and PTeflmi after, and Liber-

ties thereof, and Bills of Mortality; [ Specifying the Offence, and Time and Place when and where the fame was

committed, as the Cafejhallbe.]

Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year above written*

XIV. And

