45+

C. 8—io.

Seff. 2.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

Preamble.

Kecitsl of Cap.

6, of lift Scffioa*

4 Geo. 3,

Cap. 24,

Certain Officers

in Great Britain

and Ireland al-

lowed to fend

and receive Let-

ters, Arc. to and

from Great Bri-

tain and Ireland,

free from the

British Poll Of-

fice Duty I

Provided such

Letters are errti-

fied to be on htl

Majest/’s Sei-

tice, &c.

cap. vnr.

An Act for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of

Letters and Packets by the Poll between Great Britain and Ireland.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for eftahlifning certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters

and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland, it is enacted, That, immediately from and

4 after the Establiftimenc of a General Post Office in Ireland by the Authority of the Parliament of that

c Kingdom, so much of an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for preventing Frauds and Alufes in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free

4 from the Duty of Po/lage, as relates to Letters and Packets passing by the Post, free from the Duty of

4 Post age, from Great Britain to Irelandy and from Ireland to Great Britain, shall be repealed: And

c whereas certain Persons who, by virtue of their respective Offices in Great Britain and Ireland, now

send and receive Letters and Packets which relate to the Business of their respective Offices, free from

c the Duty of Portage, from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, will, by the said

recited Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, upon the Establishment of a Ge-

neral Post Office in Ireland, be deprived from sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the

4 Duty of Portage: And whereas the publick Business makes it expedient that such Letters and Packets

€ should pass free of Portage from any Part of Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to any Part of

4 Great Britain ;* be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Establishment of a General Post Office in Ire-

land, it shall and may be lawful to and for certain Persons who, by virtue of their respective Offices in

Great Britain and Ireland, send and receive Letters and Packets, free from the Duty of Portage, under the

find reciteJ Act of the fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, or under any other Act or Acts passed

fmee the passing of the said Act, and for his Majesty’s Postmaster General of the Kingdom of Ireland\ the

Secretary of the General Post Office of Ireland, and the Surveyors of the said General Post Office, and

for the Under Secretary and First Clerk for the military Department of the Office of the Chief Secretary

of the Lieutenant General or other Chief Governor or Governors of the said Kingdom, all for the Time

being, to send and receive, by the Post, Letters and Packets from any Part of Great Britain to Ireland\

and from Ireland to any Part of Great Britain, free from the Duty of Portage, for and on account of the

Post Office of Great Britain: Provided that all such Letters and Packets so sent shall relate to the Business

of their respective Offices, and that there shall be certified, on the Outside of such Letters and Packets,

under the Hand Writing of such Officers respectively, to be on his Majesty’s Service; and that such

Letters and Packets shall be sealed with the Seal of the Office or Officer fending the fame: And in case

any such Officers shall receive, under Cover to them, any Letters or Packets intended for or directed to

other Persons, all such Officers are hereby authorised and required to fend the fame to the General Post

Office in London or Dublin, in order that such Letters and Packets may be charged with the Duty of Post-

age; it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters

and Packets by such Officers shall extend to such Letters and Packets only as relate to the Business of their

lespective Offices.

CAP. IX.

An Act tn authorise the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland to cancel Bonds, given for

the high Duties on certain Parcels of Corn imported into Great Britain, on certain Conditions therein

mentioned.

CAP. X.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a

Lottery.

44 6,oooo,coo/. to be raised by Annuities, and 360,000 /. by a Lottery. Contributors to the Sum of

44 6,000/ 0oL to be entitled to certain Annuities; which shall be charged upon a Fund to beeftahliffied

44 this Session, and collaterally on the Sinking Fund. Every Contributor of 1,000/ shall, upon Payment

44 of <<0/. more, be entitled to fix Lottery Tickets. Preamble; reciting that Books have been opened at

44 the Bank, and Deposits made, pursuant to a Resolution of the House of Commons. All Persons who

44 have nude Dcpnfi:?, purkiant to the afore said Resolution, are required to pay the Remainder of their

46 Sobfcjiptions at certain Times specified. Subscribers to the Annuities to be allowed Interest for alt

44 Monies paid in Advance. Subscribers to the Lottery, on paying in the whole of their Subscriptions,

44 shall receive Tickets to the Amount thereof. Subscribers to the 5,coo 0:0/ entitled to certain Annui-

44 tics. Annuities to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, Sic. Cashier of the Bank to

44 give Recciptsto Contributors for Money received; which shall be aihgnable. Caftiier to give Security, to

41 the good Liking of the Commissioners of the Treasury; and to pay ail Monies received into, the Exche-

44 q jer. Commissioners of the Treasury imp > we red to apply the Money paid in by the Caftiier. A Book

44 to be provided in the Accountant-General’s Office, in which Contributors Names shall be entered, Ur.

44 After Contributes shall have paid their Subicripaons, they will be entitled to(T?cd^the Annuities

vjiJ ZrQranted

