A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c, 73. 149

and from and after the Resignation, Removal, or Death of the said Steward, and so often a* the fa id Of~

fice shall become vacant, the Patentee for the Time being, under the said Letters Patent of King Charles

the Second, shall appoint a sufficient Person to he Steward of the said Court, who, at the Time of such

Appointment, shall be of the Degree of an Uitcr Barrister, of three Years (landing at the [hr at least;

Which Person so appointed and approved shall continue Steward so long as he shall behave himself well.

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the fnid John Mors Ellis shall, immediately Steward to b*

after the passing of this A<&, and every succeeding Steward of the said Court within one Month after his fwjrxi.

Appointment, take the following Oath in his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, if it shall then happen to

be in the Term, or if during the Vacation, before either of the Judges of the King’s Bench or Common

Pleas, or Barons of the Exchequer, who are respectively impowered and required to administer the said

Oaths (that is to say,)

4 T A, B. do swear. That I will well and truly behave and demean myself in the Office of Steward of the The Oatk*

4 A King’s Majesty’s Court of Record within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of Alid-

4 dlejext the Hamlets and Liberties of the fame; and I will well and rightly, justly and faithfully, execute

4 the said Cilice of Steward of the said Court, and will administer and do full and speedy Justice to the

4 King’s People in the fame Court, according to my best Discretion, Knowledge, Understanding, and

4 Judgment; and I will perform and observe all other Things which do anyways belong or appertain t&

4 the Office of Steward of the said Court, according to my best Discretion, Knowledge, Understanding,

4 and Judgment. And I do further swear. That I will not by myself, or knowingly by any Deputies,

4 Clerks, or Servants under me, or by any other Person or Persons, receive or take, or cause, permit, or

4 sufferto be received or taken, any greater or other Fees in my said Office of Steward, than such as are

4 directed to be taken in and by an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his MHefty King

4 Georgs the Third, intituled, An Act for diminishing the Fees payable, and altering the Mode of Proceedings

4 in the Court of Record within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, the Hamlets

4 and Liberties of the fame,9

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Stew- Steward m»y'

ltd or his Successors, Stewards of the said Court, for the Purpose of preventing the Bufinefsof the said appoint*

Court being neglecded or (landing fti’.l during the lllnefs, or other Absence, of the said Steward of the puly*

Court aforesaid, 10 nominate, e)e£l, depute, and assign, a fit and discreet Person, learned in the Laws,

who shall be of the Degree of a Barrister of three Years (landing at the Bar at least, to execute, in the

Absence of the said Stewaid, every Thing appertaining to the Office of Steward of the said Court; and

whatsoever in the said Court is done or performed by such Deputy Steward of the Court aforesaid, in the

Absence of the said Steward of the Court, shall have the fame Force and Effect as if done by the said

Steward himself.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, That the said Deputy Steward for the Time being do take before the Deputy to be'

Steward of the said Court, in open Court, the above Oath (mutatis mutandis) which is required to be *worn*

taken by the said Stewaid of the Court himself.

XVIil. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Richard Farmer, the present Prothonotary Prothonotary,

of the said Court, be continued Prothonotary of the fame; and that from and after the Decease, Removal,

or Rcfignaiion, snd also during any Vacancy of the said Office, it shall and may be lawful for the Patentee

af rdaid for the Time being, under the said Letters Patent, to nominate and appoint one other fit Person

to be Prothonotai y as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Steward; or any future Steward of Steward may fee*

the said Court, or any other Officer or Officers of the said Court, shall not behave himself or themselves removed for

well in his or their said Office or Offices, Application may be made to his Majesty’s Court of King’s bciuYKmr*

Bench, by Information or Motion ; and upon such Information, or Motion, it shall and may be lawful

i. for his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench to hear and determine the fame; and in case the said Steward, or

I other Officer or Officers, shall be found, upon due Examination and Proof before them, to have been

guilty of any such Misbehaviour in the said Office, then, and in such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful for

the said Court of King’s Bench to remove the said Steward, or other Officer or Officers, from his or their

said Office or Offices.

XX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall make Oath, or Ptini/Wnt of

Perfyns gttUtyof1

Pt rjury.

No .AOion to be

bfougj t 'wrthout

Noiice, Ac.

tf T«nd?r ke

Person or Persons against whom such Action shall be brought, to tender Amends to the Party complain- mu,« <*f liv-

ing, or his aforesaid Attorney; and in case the fame shall not be accepted, to plead the General Blue, and c'^x

(ueb Tender, in Bar to any AQion to be brought, or to plead the General Iffiie, and give the said Tend^ ^0^rT^

wjV

give Evidence, in any Cause depending in the said Court, whereby he, (lie, or they, shall commit wilful

and corrupt Perjury, and thereof be duly convicted, then every such Person or Persons shall incur and

[after the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury

is or are liable to by the Laws and Statutes now in being.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or A£lion$ shall be brought

against any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Thing done by virtue of, or in confluence of this

A&, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Plaintiff’s Attorney, with his Place of Abode, containing

the Cause, or pretended Caule, of Action, shall be served on the Prothonotary of the said Court of Re-

cord within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, the Hamlets and Liberties

of the fame, at least one Month before the bringing the fame, nor after sufficient Amends or Satisfaction,

or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties complaining, nor after three Months after the

Cause of A£Iion shall arise.

XXIL And be it fun her enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the

