The TITLES of the STATUTB8.

16. An Act to discontinue the Petty Custom on Aliens

Goods imported into Great Britain, and the Duty of One

per Centum on Goods exported to, or imported from, the

Mediterranean Seas in unqualified Ships*, and for re-

pealing so much of an Act passed in the fourth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty as enacts, that no Part

of the Old Subsidy shall be drawn back upon Goods ex-

ported to the Brnifi Colonies or Plantations in America.

17. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an

Act Of the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Em-

ployment of the Poor of the Borough of Dunheved other-

wife Launceston, and Parish of 6aint Mary Magdalen,

in the County ^Cornwall; and for veiling the After-

mowth of certain Common Lands within the Borough,

in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

18. An Act for laying additional Duties upon Paper, Paste-

boards. Millboards, and Scaleboards; and for explaining

certain Doubts respecting the Duties impoled by an Act

made in the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing the present Duties

upon Pater, Pash boards, Millboards, and Scaleboards,

■ made in Great Britain; and for granting ether Duties in

lieu thereof.

19. An Act to revive and continue an Act made in the

twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

encouraging the Manufacture of Leather\ by lowering the

Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when

the Price of fuel) Bark exceed a certain Rate, for a

' limited Time \ and for extending several Acts of Parliament relative to the Manufacture of Leather, to that Part

of Great Britain called Scotland

20. An Act for altering and amending an Act of the thir-

teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for appointing fPardens and Assay Majlevs, for of-

saying wrought Plate in the Towns ojSheffield and Bir-

mingham, io far as relates to the said Town of Sheffield.

21. An Act for the Preservation and Encouragement of the

Hat Manufactory within this Realm, by preventing the

Exportation of British Hare Skins, British Hare Wool,

and British Coney Wool, and all undrelied or untawed

BritisJj Coney Skins, and for preventing any of the said

Skins from being stained or dyed; and for the Import-

ation of Goats Hair into this Kingdom Duty-free.

22. An Act for enabling Sir Ajkion Lever to dispose of his

Multum, as now exhibited at Leicejhr House, by way of

Chance.

23. An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an

Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing certain

Injlrumenis from being required from Ships belonging to the

United States of America *, and to give to his Alefor

a limited Time, certain PoWtrs for the better cunying on

Trade anil Commerce between the Subjects of his 'Mayfly's

Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

24. An Act for granting to hi* Majesty certain Rates and

Duties upon Bricks and 'i iLs made in Great Britain ;

and for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles im-

ported into the lame.

25. An A' for the better Regulation and Management of

the Adairs of the East India Company, and of the British

PosseiTions in India and for establishing a Court of Ju-

dicature for the more speedy and effectual 'Trial of rer-

fons accused of Offences committed in the Bast ladies.

26. An Act to repeal so much of two Acts, made in the

tenth and fifteenth Years of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, as authorises the Speaker of the House of Com-

mons to issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown for

making oat Writs for the Election of Members to fervd

in Parliament, in the Manner therein mentioned; and

for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes.

27. An Act for laying an additional Duty on Hackney

Coaches; and for explaining and amending several Acts

of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches.

28. An Act for authoring the Treasurer of the Navy to

pay to the Officers and Men belonging to his Majesty’s

Ship Santa Margarctta, the like Bounty for taking the

French Frigate called L’Amazone, as is allowed to the

Officers and Men on board any of his Majesty’s Ships

of War, taking or destroying Ships of War belonging

to the Enemy.

29. An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and

Hereditaments, inTrustees, for better securing his Ma-

jesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth and PA’-

mouth; and also for revelling certain Messuages, Lanas,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties

of Southampton, Cornwall, and Devon, in the former

Proprietors thereof; and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

30. An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty

upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other cx-

cileable Liquors.

31. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on

Horses kept for therurpose of Riding, and on Horses

used in drawing certain Carriages, in respect whereof any

Duty of Excise is made payable.

32. An Act to port pone the Payment of the Sum of two

Millions, advanced by the Governor and Company of

the Bank of England, towards the Supply for the Service

of the Year one thousand liven hundred and eighty-one.

33. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand liven hundred and eighty-four.

34. An Act for the Relief of the East India Company

with respect to the Payment of certain Sums due to the

Public, and to the Acceptance of certain Bills drawn

upon the said Company, and for regulating the Dividends

to be made by the said Company.

35. An Act to impower the Bishop of London for the Time

being, or any other Bishop to be by him appointed, to

admit to the Order of Deacon or Pried, Persons being

Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of his Msuefty’s

Dominions, without requiring them to take the Oath of -

Allegiance as appointed by Law.

36. An Act for repealing the present Duties upon Wax

Candles made in Great Britain; and for granting in lieu

thereof other Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great

Britain, and upon Wax imported, and upon Licences to

make or fell W ax Candles in Great Britain.

37. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional

Rales of Foliage for Conveyance of Letters and Packets,

by the Poll, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; for

preventing f rauds in the Revenue, carried on by the

Conveyance of certain Goods in Letters and Packets;

and for further preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation

to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free,

from Foliage.

38. An Act for repealing the several Duties on Tea, and

for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof ;

and also several Duties on inhabited Houses; and upon

the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee; and for re-

pealing the Inland Duties of Excise thereon.

39. An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy,.

V iftuailing, and Tianfport Bills, and Ordnance De-

bentures.

40. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties

2 on

