444

Seif. 2»

frcamklffc

Bast India Com-

pany impowered

to make a Divi-

dend for the

Half Year end-

ingjoly 5,1784,

Preamble.

Recital of Acts

22 Geo. II,

Cap. 275

74 Geo. III.

Cap. 44}

«ml 15 Ceo, III,

Cap. 14.

C. 1—3.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

Anno Regni GEORGII III, vicesimo quarto.

4 AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the eighteenth Day of May, Juno Domini

4 /-\ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of our

4 Ji -m. Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and

Ireland\ King, Defender of the Faith, tsV.

4 Being the first Session of the sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.*

CAP. I.

An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing certain lnjlruments from being required from Ships

belonging to the United States of America j and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for

the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subje51s of his Majestys Dominions, and the Inhabit-

ants of the said United States

. [Further continued to August 1, 1784.]

CAP. II.

An Act to impower the East India Company to make a Dividend to the Proprietors of

East India Stock, at Midfumtner, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

f IT7 HEREAS the Affairs of the East India Company are now under the Consideration of Parliament, but cannot be determined on so soon as the Dividend for the Half Year, ending the fifth

4 Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, is required to be declared; yet, in regard it

4 would be injurious to the Credit of the said Company, if the said Dividend should be postponed or de-

4 layed till the said Company’s Affairs can be fully investigated, it is expedient that, in the mean Time,

4 such Dividend as herein-after is mentioned should be allowed to be made for the said Half Year;* may it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temooral, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said United Company, in the usual Manner, to set apart and apply so much Money as shall

not exceed the Rate of four rounds per Centum on the Capital of three millions and two hundred thousand

Pounds, as and for a Dividend to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said United Company, for the Half

Year from the fifth Day o{January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, to the fifth Day offa/jr,

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament in any wise

notwithstanding.

CAP. III.

An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed

in the Manufactures of combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted,

in the County of Suffolk.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

4 YV George the Second, intituled, An Artfor the more eff'eCtual preventing cf Frauds and Abuses commit-

4 ted by Persons employed in the Manufacture of hats, and in the Woollen, Linen j Fuji inn, Cotton, Iron, Lea-

4 ther, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of

4 Journeymen Dyers, and journeymen Hot-preffers, and of all Persons employed in the said fever a I Manufac*

4 tures\ and for the better Payment of their Wages: And by another Act, made in the fourteenth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to amend an Art, made in the

4 twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 46 An Act for the men

lc effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Alan u failure of Hats, and in

4< the Woollen, Linen, Fujltan, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Pur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures \ and

for preventing unlawful Combinations cf Journeymen Dyers, and journeymen Hot-prefers, and of a!l Perftns

44 employed in the said several Manufactures \ and for the betta* Payment of their WagesAnd by another Act,

4 made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, intituled, ‘4 An Act to explain

44 and amend an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend on

4 Art, made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 44 An

44 Art for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the ManufaClurt

44 of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fujiian. Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair and Sill

44 Alanufallures \ and for preventing unlawful Combinations of journeymen Dyers, and Journeymen Hot-

44 prefers, and of all Persons employed in the J'aid everal Manufactures', and for the better Payment of their

44 Wages 5” certain Penalties and Punishments in the said Acts respectively mentioned are inflicted upon

4 all Persons who shall reel false or {hort Yarn, and on Persons embezzling the Materials used in the said

4 Manufactures: And whereas the good Purposes of the said Laws have been greatly frustrated from the

4 Manufacturers of combing Wool, Worsted Yarn* and Goods made from Worsted, being unwilling to

cxP°k

