A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Ge-orgii III. G. 18. 309

fourteen Days after the Proceedings take place, or the Calls, Schemes* and Accounts are made out,

shall be transmitted by him to the Clerk to the Sequestration in the Court of Session, to lie among the Re-

cords of Court; and the said Book of Sederunt, and the Bankrupt's Books and Papers, and whole other

Papers in the Trustee’s Hand's, shall at all Times be made Patent to any Creditor who desires to fee the

fame.

XLVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid*. That when any Application for Sequestration AjijSequfcftrt-

shall be made to the Court of Session when fitting, and any Thing shall be left undone at the End of any tip"Wt-

1 Session by the Want of Time, the Lord Ordinary on the Bills is hereby authorised and required to do every

Thing necessary in Execution of this Act during the Vacation, that he is impowered to do when ihe Peti- th" Lor<J ordi^

tion for Sequestration is originally presented to him; and in like Manner, when the Application for Se- nary 00 the Bilk

guestration is made to the Lord Ordinary on the Bills in Time of Vacation, and any Thing is to bedone to complete the

in Time of Session, the Court shall proceed therein in the fame Way as if the Petition had been originally

presented to themselves.

XLVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any appeal shall be taken against any Court of Session,'

Order or Interlocutor of the Court of Session, or against any Ad or Order of the Lord Ordinary upon the ^cndcl",g

Bills, in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful and competent to the said Court in Time of Session, makVorTeni for

and Lord Ordinary on the Bills in Time of Vacation, notwithstanding such Appeal, to make such Orders,* preventing E«-

and direst such Proceedings, as shall appear to be expedient for preventing the Kftate of the Debtor from bntiement of

being embezzled, ferreted, damaged, or dilapidated, while the Aopeal is pendent. Debtor’s Eftatt.

XLIX. And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Petition for Sequestration On Death of

under the Authority of this Act is presented, it shall be competent for any other Creditor to concur therein, Creditor who

and to follow forth the fame, even without the Consent or after the Death of the Creditor or Creditors ori- pc'itioVfor

ginally petitioning; and the Expence disbursed therein shall be repaid by the Factor or Trustee, out of the Sequestration,

first End of the Debtor's Estate, to the Creditor or Creditors by whom the fame is disbursed *, and if the any other Credt-

Bankrupt shall happen to die in the mean Time, the Proceedings under this Act shall notwithstanding be t0f m*y follow

carried on and followed out to their Conclusion, as if he were in Life. forth the fame.

L, And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Session Court of Seflioa

toeflabiifh such further Regulations as shall appear to them most proper for carrying this Act into effectual ®*y establith

Execution according to the tiue Intent thereof, and to publish the fame in any Act or Acts of Sederunt, c5fff-cut

which shall be in Force in so Dr as is consistent with this Act. ingthi*A&.

LI. Ai;d be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at the Meeting held as aforesaid for appointing Meeting ©fCre-

a Trustee on the Bankrupt’s E state, or any subseouent Meeting called for the Purpose, it is determined ditors may ap-

by a Majority of Creditors in Value, that the Estate ought to be v« sted in a Fador accountable to the point* Fatfor

Court of Session, and not in the Person of a Trustee j the Person chosen by the Majof^ty in Value aforesaid of*

shall be, by the Court of Session, or Lord Ordinary on the Bills, appointed a Fador on the said Estate, session.* 0

and shall be vested in the fame, and obliged to manage, recover, fell, and diipofe of the fame, and to di-

vide the Proceeds thereof, in the fame Way and Manner as the Trustee is directed by this Act, and under

such Regulations as the Court of Session may think proper to lay down for his Conduct; and the Bankrupt

may alfoin such Cafe be discharged, and intitled to the fame Allowances and Privileges, and subject to the

fame Conditions as aforesaid.

LII. And be b further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be construed by all TMiAfl to e*i

Judges in the most bentficial Manner for promoting the Ends hereby intended; and that the fame shall be to Women,

extended to all Women as well as Men, who fail under the Description before recited*

LIII. And be it enact.d by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rates or Duties imposed by any Statutes Auflions under

upon Estates or EffedL f-Id by Auction, shall be eligible upon any Estates or Eiteds, real or persona), thisAanot liable

fold under the Authority of this Act. to any Duties,

4 LIV. And whereas Doubts may arise, whether any Proceedings can be held on the Sequestrations that

have been awarded under the said Ad made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, con-

tinued by that of the twemieih’Year of his present Majesty, after the fame expires for removing all such

Doubts, it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Sequestration has $equest,-,t;on#

been or shall be obtained under the said late Ad, before it expires, the fame shall continue in Force for fix obtained under

Months after the Commencement id* this present Act; during which Time it shall be lawful and compe- the a£ 12 Geo.

tent for any Creditor whole Debt amounts tothc Sum of onehundred Pounds Sterling, or any two Creditors HI* t°continue

whose Debts amount to the Sum ofone hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling, or any three or more Creditors j^Jn7hse after

whose Debts amount to the Sum of two hundred Pounds Sterling, or upwards, or to the Bankrupt himself, thcCommenct-

with Consent of one or more of such Creditors, to apply, by summary Petition, to the Court of Session, or mentofthis

the Lord Ordinary upon the Bills in V acation, representing that the said Bankrupt is a Merchant, or other- Act; during

wife under the Description of this present Act, and therefore praying to have the Sequestration renewed, which Time,

with the Addition of ail Lands and other heritable Subjects belonging to the Bankrupt within Scotland \ J

and upon Production of their Grounds of Debt, and making Oath a&Vequired in other Cafes of Sequtftra- co?urt of Sertion*

tion under this Act, the fame Regulations shall be followed out as if there had been no previous Se- in order to have

questr’ation of the said Bankrupt’s personal Effects, but saving any Right which the Creditors have ac- the Sequestration

quired by the said former Sequestration; and in case the Creditors shall name a new Factor or Trustee icnewe^

under this present Act> the former Fadoror Trustee shall be obliged to denude in his Favour, and convey

and deliver all Effects, Monies, Papers, Books, Documents, and Writings, of every Kind, in hisHands, in

any Shape relating to the sequestrated Estate, to the said new Fador or Trustee, for Behoof of the Cre-

ditors; and if the Cafe does not fall within the Description of this present Act, it shall be lawful and

competent for any one or more of the Creditors, but not for the Bankrupt himself, to apply to the said

Court, or Lord Ordinary on the Bills, by summary Petition, within the said Time, praying that the

Sequestration of the personal Effects shall still subsist, and be carried on under such Regulations as the

Vol. XIV. Part III. S« Court

L.00

