48

c:#v! ■« ivhcr< f

tn h< tnnS.it-

tcl to me i'jy*

rrufkr.

/\ivmaftrr to

form his Memo-

rials to she

rJV v.f »ry. «Vc.

for Mente aa-

fro^ra ui f t

Ctothmp, on

June I},

1) c. *nnu-

*l)y.

Not to alter the

Privileges, Pro-

fits, 1<Q. >I Co-

Jcmeis, Lieut.

Col. &c. relative

to Cip-hinf or

rn «ficiLve

Moa.

Secretary at

W »r t,/ tr jiiTmit

to :ije P.j -

miRzr's O.Yce

an Arcnunt of

the efYc it i jc

Officers and Pri-

vate*, Rf gt.l :rs

an ! embocird

Militia, in Gicat

Briiair,.

Not ro extend to

Aff ^nruews,

Dehenturrs,

prior to i)cc. 2 j,

*7a5

Pjvnr.i/’er rrny

iif re rerr< in A!-

.o Vincct t

moii ii!y»

A’!,)vv/-c*s '>

YS/kU ct :> jb-

C,f!e>ip* of n.trr-

eY.Avv- Mr:.,

m [> .-.rided iV

t:,.-V ?«-.

S?c-e?j*v

War:..- fer n

^ i> Lil; mite >t

for»nr*:t. k

c.icl» R< ■J.fit,

, at:.’ to irsnl-

ns:t i* ro the

Pjym ft-i’s

Office,

jlccmirng 0*1-

e v. r; t--'0

M >n* in %o " a

n.it an A Shaft

of the Nuffi* e i

recruited,

'he Adjutant

Genera), and 10

ti.e Agent*

C. 50. Anno viced mo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

in the clearing of the several Regiments and Corps, and of rhe Allowances made to the Agent of the Sub-

f.fteiue or Noiveftcftive Men, calkd I Warrant Men; an Estimate of the Charge of the In and Out Fdi-

rioners <'f Chelsea Hifj'ital, and of the Expences of the said Llofpiul; an Bilim ate of the actual Pay of the

Commissiom d Officers, and N^n-comrnhlioned Officers, and Private Men, of his Majesty’s Forces, on

the feverd Establishments; an hftimate of the Charge of the Allowances made to Captains, Payirufters,

burgeons, and for the Use of Riding-mailers, Rough Rider?, and Expences incident totheffime; an Estimate

of the Charge of the Allowance to ?he Paymaster General of his M«».n fly’s Land Forces, the Secret try at War,

tlire CommiiLry General of the M ufu*rs, the Judge Advocate, their I> pucics. Clerks, and the contingent Ex-

pjncca of their rt-spective Offices, Exchrquer Fees, and all other Services now paid out of the Deduction of

Twelve pence in the Pound, and one Day’s Pay, and not otherwise provided lor by this Act: And the said

Secretary at War shall, and he is hereby directed and required to transmit Copies of the said Efti mates, so

ft;on as the Tame have been agreed to by the House of Commons, to the Office the Paymaster General of

his MajestyX Land Forces,

XX. And be it enacted, That, from the twenty-fifth Day nf December, one thousand seven hundred and

cigbty-rhrec, the Paymaster General of his Mijifty’s Land Forces shall, and he is hereby directed and re-

quired to form his Memorials and Requisitions to the Treasury, and to issue his Drafts upon the Governor

and Company of the Hank of England, upon the twenty* fourth Day of June, and twenty-fourth Day of De*

cemlcr, in every Year, in tquai Payments, to such Person or Persons as have a regular Alignment front

the kvcral Cubnc's, Lieutenant Colonels Commandant, Majors and Cap:ains Co mmandant, and Cap-

tains, for the Monies appropriated for the Clothing of the Non comm Phoned Officers and Private Men of

his Majestj’s regular Forces

XXI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, tothi making

any Alteration in the Privileges, Profits, or Emoluments, which the said Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels

Commandant, Majors and Captains Commandant, and Captains, now derive, either from the Clothing,

or the non effective Men, called Warrant Men, or Hautlcis, of their respective Regiments, Troops, and

Companies , but the said Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels Commandant, Majors ana Captains Command-

ant, and Captains, shall continue to enjoy and receive the same Privileges, Profits, and Emoluments, as

they would oiherwile enjoy and receive from the nett Off-reckonings, and from the nen-effective Men*

called ff far ant Men, or llautbois, of their respective Regiments and Corps, had this Act not been made.

4 XXII. And, for the better Prevention of the issuing from the Exchequer any more Monies than shall

c he mcessary for the Purposes recited in this Act \ be it enacted, I hat, fiom and after the passing of this

Act, the Secretary at War shall, and he is hereby directed and required, from Time to Time, to transmit

to the Office of ihc Paymafier General of his Majesty’s Land Forces, an Account of the effective Commission-

ed and Non commissioned Officers and Private Men of his Majesty’s Regular Forces, and embodied Militia,

fervingin Great Britain^ distinguishing each Corps severally; and the said Paymaster General shall, and he is

hereby diiedbd and required, to fi rm his Memorials and Requisitions, and to issue his Drafts, as aforesaid,

for the Suofistence of the said effective Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men,

according to the said Accounts, and for no other Service under the said Title or Description.

' XXIil. Ffovided always, and be it cnafttd, That nothing in this A61 shall extend, or be construed to

extend, to any Alignments, Debentures, Clearing Warrants, or other Warrants or Accounts of the Army,

for Periods prior to the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three j but

all such Alignments, Debentures, Clearing Warrants, or other Warrants or Accounts, mail be prepared

and made up in the same Manner as they Mould have been, had this Act not been made.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act fh tl! not extend, or be construed to extend,

to prevent he Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Forces from iifiuing, to the Agents of the respective

Regiments, Troups, and Companies, in monthly Payments, the Allowances given to the Agents, in lieu

of the Subfjflence of the non-effective Men, called Warrant Men, formerly paid to them,

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Allowances heretofore made to the Co-

lonel or Commandant, known by the Name of Aikamnces to the Colonel of the ^ id ft fence of nin~ejf'ftive

Men, aided Warrant Men a?id Hautbois, shall be added to the Pay of the said Colonels and Com-

mandants; and the Paymaster General of his Xiajeflv’s Forces shall, and he is hereby directed and re-

quired to issue the fame, in monthly Payments, at the Time the Subsistvnce of the Army is issued.

4 XXVI. And whereas the iMethod of setting apart the Subsistence of the non-effective Men, as a Fund

1 for the recruiting and ether contingent Services, tends to Obscurity and Confusion in Accounts 5* be it

enacted, That, from and alter the passing of this Act, the Secretary at War shall, and he is hereby di-

rected and required to form, or cause to be formed, fiom Time to Time, an Estimate of the Monies

which may be necclfary for recruiting earh Regiment, Troop, or Company, of his Majesty’s Forces,

anJ to transmit the uid Estimate to the Office of the Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Land Forces;

vvh > shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his Memorials a d Requisitions, and to issue

his Drafts as aforesaid, for the fame, at the Times, and in the Proportions, which rhe said Secretary

at War shall direct; 2nd to charge the fame to the Account of each Regiment, Troop, and Company,

for v.hffie Use the said Monies have been issued.

4 XXVII. And whereas it is necessary that Accounts of the recruiting Service should be regularly trans-

c mitted *,5 be it enacted, That every Officer employed in the recruiting any Regiment, Troop, or Com*

pany, of his Majesty’s Forces, shall, and he is hereby directed and required, every two Months*, to make

up and to tracfmit, examined and certified by his commanding Officer, if resident in Great Britain (who

in this Cafe shall, and he is hereby directed and required tt> certify the fame), to the Adjutant General

of his Majesty’s Forces, an Abdraft of the Numbers recruited during the two preceding Monrhs, and

also to transmit a Copy of the said Abstract, together with a regular and exact Account of the Expences

which have attended the said Service during the two preceding Months, to the Agent of the Corps for

which such Officer is recruiting respectively; and on Failure herein, the Officer, through whoseNegteft

