A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 79.

* rated in the Book of Rates, and not according to the said Abatement; and for all Drugs otherwise i m-

c ported, Tiehlefuch full Value: And whereas Drugs oftne Growth, Product, or Manufacture of Hun*

fiiry and Germany, have heretofore been usually imported from Rotterdam, upon Payment of the single

)uiv ; and it is expedient to permit such Drugs to be imported in like Manner from the Auftnan Nether

4 lands, or any Pott in Germany May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it

mailed by the King’s most Excellent Maj'rtv, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, ami Commons, in th;s present Parliament assemblec), and by the Authority of

fame. That, horn and after the twenty fifth D iy of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, all

Dru^s of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Hungary or Germany, which lh^ll be laden and

shipped at any Port or Pljce in the Aujlrian Netherlands, or at any Port in Germany, and imported from

thence in Britt ft) built Sh'pping into this KingJoiii, {hall be deemed and taken to be imported directly

from the Place of their G»>wth, Production, or Manufacture, and shall be liable to and pay Duties ac-

cordingly ; any Thi g in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary

notwithstanding.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-

fifth Day of July, one thousand (even hundred and eighty-two, it shall and may be lawful for any Pei fem

or Persons to import any Wines, or any organzined Thrown Silk, being the Growth, Product, or Manu-

facture, of Hungary, the Austrian Dominions, or any Part of Germany, into Great Britain, from the Ail-

Jlrian Netherlands, or from any Port or Place subject to the Emperor of Germany, or House of Austria, upon

Payment of the fame Duties for such Wine as are due and payable for Rhenish Wine, and the fame Duties

for such O'ganzined Thrown Silk as are due and payable for the like Silk imported into this Kingdom from

Italy, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithftjnding.

4 III. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the

4 Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and imreafing of Shipping and Navigation, it is, amongst

4 other 1 bings, enadUtf, That no Goods or Commo lities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of

4 Muscovy, or to any the Countries, Dominions, or Territories, to the Great Duke or Emperor of Muf~

4 covy or Russia belonging ; as also that no Sorts of Marts, Timber, or Boards, no foreign Salt, Pitch,

4 Tar, Rosin, Hecrp or Flax, Raisins, Figs, Prunes, Olive Oils; no Sorts of Corn or Grain, Sugar,

• Pot-ashes, Wines, Vinegar, or Spirits called Aqua Viter, or Brandy Wine, shall be imported into Eng-

4 land, Ireland, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels what-’

4 soever, but such as do truly, and without Fraud, belong to the People thereof, or some of them, as the

4 true Owners and Proprietors thereof, and whereof the Mailer and three fourths of the Mariners at lead*

4 arc Engl ft.>; except only such foreign Ships and Vessels as are of the Built of that Country or Place of

c which the said Goods are the Growth, Production, or Manufacture respectively, or of such Port where

4 the said Goods can only be, or most usually are, first shipped for Transportation, and whereof the Maf-

4 ter and three fourths of the Mariners at lead are of the said Country or Place, under the Penalty and

4 Forfeitme of Ship and Goods : And whereas by another Act, made in the sixth Year of the Rtign of

4 his late Maj< fty King George the First, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of the Act* intituled, 41 An Act

44 for preventing Frauds and regulating Ahftes in his Majestys Cujhmsf passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth

4 Tears of King C liar les the Second, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Deal Boards and Fir Timber

4 from Germany, it is, amongd other Things, enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any

4 of his Majesty’s SubjeMs to import any Quantity or Qiantities of Fir Timber, Fir Planks, Marts, and

4 Deal Boards, being of the Growth of Germany, into tnis Kingdom, from any Port or Place in Germany,

4 in British built Ships only, so as the Owner or Owners are his Majesty’s British Subjects, and whereof

4 the M.trter and three fourths of the Mariners at lead arc British Subjects, paying the like Rates and Du-

4 ties to his Majesty for the fame as are ptvable for Fir Timber, Fir Planks, Mads, and Deal Boards,

4 imported from Norway: Now, in order t> encourage and promote the Importation of Timber, and

4 several of the other Articles enumerated in the said Acts, into this Kingdom be it further enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the f.v'd twenty-filth Day of July, one thousand seven hun-

dred and eighty-two, it fh.tli and may he lawful for any Person or Persons to import into Great Britain

any Sort of Timber, or any of the said Articles cium.rated in the before recited Acts, from any foreign

Port or Place in Europe, in any Ship or Vclfil being the Property of Subjects under the fame Sovereign as

the Country of which such Goods are the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, although the Country or.

Place where such Ship or Veiled was built, or to which (he doth or may belong, was not under the Do-

minion of such Sovereign at the Time of passing the herein-before recited Act, made in the twelfth Year

of the Reign of King Charles the Second ; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or any other . R, to the

contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always. That all such Goads ana Merchandizes so imported into Great Britain, in such so-

reign built Ships, or the Property of Foreigners, shall be liable to Aliens and all other Duties to which

they would have been liable if this Act had not been made.

249

From July ay,

17*2, >11 Drogi,

the PrcKiudfc ot

H >np?ryor Ger-

many, may be

imported trom

the* Autlrian

Nsthd lands,

Ac. on pjvmfiQt

of lie /intle

Duty.

Dure* to be

paid on ihe Im-

portation ot*

Wine, crrrgaa«

znicu Ti re w/i

Silk, from Ger-

xrunv, Ac. be-

»n£ ike P/ortaA

of the Imperial

Domu.wi>».

Recital 01 ihe

Navigation Att*

1% Car, 1U

6 Geo, I,

Cap. 15.

From July

1782, Tunic-,

Ac. may be im-

ported in tore.ffi

built Ships cu-

drr c»*rt tin Re-

ft n it ion • ;

bnf fbal) be

subj A to Aliena

Dunes.

CAP. LX XIX.

An Act for the Encouragement and Disci; lining of such Corps or Companies of Men as

shall voluntarily enroll rhem'.elves for Defence of their Towns Or Coasts, or for the ge-

neral Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War.

* \X7 HERE AS the utmost Exertions are now requHite for increasing the Military Force in this I

‘ VV Kingdom.’ he it therefore enacted by the King’s mofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

Vol. XIV. Part II. K 1c and

Preamble.

