45

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo prmiu Oaono 11 irf. C. 37.

four Court9 at Dublin, in the Name of his Majesty’s Attorney General, or Lord Advocate, or in the

Name of some Officer or Officer^ of the Customs in Great Britain, or some Officer or Officers of the Re-

venue in Ireland respectively ; wherein no Eflbign, Protedtgn, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than

one Imparlance, shall be allowed ; and that one Moiety,of- the;said Penalties and Forfeitures shall go and

be applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such

Officer or Officers of the Customs or Revenue, as shall sue and prosecute for the fame respectively, after

deducing the Charges of Prosecutlori from the Whole. i

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth

Dav of Jitney if any Person or Persons hath or have in his, her, or their Custody, Power, or Possession,

or mail collect, obtain, make, apply for, or cause or procure to be made, any such Machine, Engine,

Too), Press, Paper, Utensil, or Implement, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any such Model or Plan,

Models or Plans, or Part or Parts thereof as aforesaid, with Intent to export, or that the fame may be

exported to some other Port or Place than Great Britain or Ireland, and Complaint being made, upon the

Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, that there

is Reason to believe such Person or Persons hath or have in his, her, or their Custody, Power, or Post'ef-

fion, or hath or have collected, obtained, made, applied for, or caused or procured to be made, any such

Machine, Engine, Tool, Press, Paper, Utensil, or Implement, or Part or Parts thereof, or any such

Model or Plan, or Models or Plans, or Part or Parts thereof, as aforesaid, with Intent to export, or that

the fame may be exported to some other Port or Place than Great Britain or Ireland; then, and in any of

the said Cafes, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices of the Peace to issue his or

their Warrant or Warrants to seize all such Machines, Engines, Tools, Press, Papers, Utensils, or Im-

plements, or Part or Parts thereof, and all such Models or Plans, or Part or Parts thereof, as aforesaid,

and to bring the Person or Persons so complained of before him or them, or some other of his Majesty:*s

Justices of the Peace for the same County, City, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place ; and if

such Person or Persons shall not give such an Account of the Use or Purpose to which such Machines,

Engines, Tools, Press, Papers, Utensils, or Implements, or Part or Parts thereof. Models or Plans, or Part

or Parts thereof, is, arc, or were intended to be appropriated, as shall be satisfactory to the Justice or Juf-

tices before whom he, (he, or they shall be brought as aforesaid, then, and in such Cafe, it shall and may

be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to cause all such Machines, Engines, Tools, Press, Paper,

Utensils, or Implements, or Part or Parts thereof, Models or Plans, or Part or Parts thereof, which shall

have been so seized as aforesaid, to be detained, and also to bind the Person or Persons so charged to ap-

pear at the next Affixes, General Gaol Delivery, or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, for the County, City,

Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, with reasonable

Sureties for his, her, or their Appearance; and in case such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to

give such Security, then, and in such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices

to commit such Person or Persons to the County Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction, there to remain

until the next Assizes or Quarter Sessions of the County, City, Riding, Division, Liberty, Stewartry,

or Place where such Commitment shall be, and until he, (he, or they shall be delivered by due Course of

Law; and in case any such Person or Persons shall be convicted, upon any Indictment or Information

against him, her, or them, at such Assizes or Quarter Sessions of the Peace as aforesaid, of having in his,

her, or their Custody, Power, or Pofieffijon, or of having collected, obtained, made, applied for, or caused

or procured to be made, any such Machine, Engine, Tool, Press, Paper, Utensil, or Implement, or

Part or Pans thereof, Model or Plan, or Part or Parts thereof, with such Intent as aforesaid, then, and

in such Cafe, the Person or Persons so convicted shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose all such

Machines, Engines, Tools, Press, Papers, Utensils, or Implements, or Part or Parts thereof. Models or

Plans, or Part or Parts thereof, which shall be so seized and detained, and also the Sum of two hundred

Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and shall suffer Imprisonment in the Common Gaol of the

County, City, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, wherein such Offender or Offenders re*

spectively shall be convicted, for the Space of twelve Months, without Bail or Mainprize, and until such

Forfeiture shall be paid. Provided nevertheless, That no Person shall be prosecuted for any of the Offences

aforesaid, in this Clause mentioned, unless such Prosecution shall be commenced within the Space of twelve

Months next after such Offence shall be committed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Forfeitures by this

Ad inflicted upon Offenders against the feme, shall, when recovered (where the fame is not by this Act

otherwise provided), go and be applied to the Use of the Informer, after the Expences of the Prosecution

are paid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be com-

menced against any Person for what he shall do in pursuance of this Act, such Suit or Action shall be

commenced within six Months next after the Fad committed, and the Person so sued may file common

Bail, or enter a Common Appearance, and plead the General Iffiue Not Guilty, and may give this Act

and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuit, or suffer

Discontinuarce, o: if a Verdict pass against him or her, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given

against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall recover Treble Costs.

IX. Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall extend to the preventing Wool Cards, or

Stock Cards, not exceeding in Value four Shillings per Pair, and Spinners Cards not exceeding in Value

one Shilling and Sixpence per Pair, used in the said Woollen Manufacture* from being exported to any

of his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America.

If Oafh ChaM be

m i lr before \

Jv (lice of any

such rrohioi'el

Mj chines, &c.

being inter*1' d

to be t-xp.irrc\

they may be

fr zrd ?nJ tie.

tamrd, and the

Person ?n w hofs

PolV'-iTion they

are found may

be bound to ap.

pear at the next

AlVuc#, &:c.

On Neglect of

giving SeitiMy,

the Party may

be coma.uicd.

Penalty or.C

viction.

Prosecution

be commenced

v.i'hin twelve

Months,

Forfeiture,

(where not

o'hrrw;fe pro-

vided ) ro £.0 to

the Informer.

Limitation of

Actions,

Gm *ial IiTpe.

Treble Coils.

Not to eitend to

Wool Cards, &C.

exported to A.«

nicnca.

.. C A?.

I

