G. IQ,

5

A.D. j 781. .Anno vicesimo primo G e o r g i i III.

c a P. x.

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tene-

ments, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Kent and Effete, purchased in pursuance of

two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, for securing his Majestfs Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Sheerness and

, Chatham; and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and

Tilbury Fort.

•* \X J HEREAS by an Act, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his prefe/it Majesty, in-

4 VV tituled, An Act to veji certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees,

4 the better securing his Majestfs Docks, £/;//>/, Stores, at Plymouth and Sheerness ; rfW for better de-

4 fending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort; certain Messuages, Lands,

4 Tenements, and Hereditaments, therein mentioned, were vested in the Right Honourable Sir Fletcher

4 Norton Knight, and other Persons therein mentioned, and their Heirs; in Trust nevertheless for such

4 Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, as, at or immediately .before

4 the Time of making the said Act, were the several and respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, ac-

4 cording to their several Estates and Iatercfts therein at the fame Time, in Possession, Revetfion, Re-

4 mainder, or otherwise, until such Estates and Interests should be respectively adjudged and determined,

4 or Possession thereof taken by the principal Officers of his Majesty’$ Ordnance, or Engineers, or other

4 Officers acting under their Authority (which they were thereby impowered to do whenever it should be

4 found necessary for his Majesty’s Service), and the several Sum or Sums of Money, and Interest for the

4 fame, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum for one Year, for the gross Sum that should be afltfl'ed

4 for the Uue and real Value thereof, in Manner and Form therein mentioned, should be paid : And it

4 was by the said Act also enacted, That, immediately after Payment should be made of the Sum and

4 Sums of Money to be ascertained, in Manner therein mentioned, as the Value of the Rights and In-

4 terefts of all Persons possessed of, or interested in, such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredjta-

4 ments, unto the Owners or Proprietors thereof respectively,. the said Troftees should be deemed and;

4 adjudged to (land seised of the Premises so paid for, to and for the Use of his Majesty, and his Heirs

4 and Successors, for ever, freed and discharged of and from all Right, Title, Claim* and Demand what-

4 soever, jftut could or might be made by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclest-

•4 astical or Civil: And whereas his Majesty, by virtue of the said Act of Parliament, issued hi* Com-

4 cni&on, by Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Wejininfler, the

4 twemy-fijeth Day of August now 1 aft pad, authorising and impowering certain Persons therein named,

4 or any five or more of them, to do* perform, and execute, all Powers, Directions, Authorities, Mat-

4 tors, and Things* in the said Act contained, which by the said Act such Commissioners are authorised

4 and required to do, perform, and execute: And whereas, by virtue of the said Commissionr and in ppr-

4 fuance of the said Act of Parliament, five or more of the Cpmmissioners in the said Com mi/Jon named,

4 on the thirteenth Day of November last, did meet, pursuant to Notice thereof in Writing duly given

4 and diced tip* and also published in the London Gazette* twenty Pays and more before such Meeting,

4 in such Manner as m and by the said Act of Parliament was directed, at the Town-hall in the-City of

4 Roehe/icr*} and did then and there adjourn to the fourth Day of December now last; on which Pay, and

* afterwards from Day to Day, until the eighth Day of the said Month of December, they proceeded, by

4 and upon the Inspedion and Examination of Deeds, Writings, and Records, and otherwise,. to enquire

4 and ascertain who were the Owners and Proprietors of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Here-

4 ditaments, mentioned in the said Act, and situate at Sheerness and Gravesend aforesaid, and the particular

4 Eft ate and Imereft of each of such persons therein ; and such Commissioners at the fane Time pro-

*ceeded, by and upon the Inquest of twelve or more g od and lawful Men, qualified to serve upon Juries

4 at the Affiaes for the said County of Kent, inpannelled, summoned, and returned, by Robert Burrow.

4 E(quire, Sheriff of the said County, to take the Inuueft (and before which Jurors Witnesses were ex-

4aroined), to enquire and ascertain the true and real value of the Messuages, L^nds, Tenements, and

4 Hereditaments, in the said Act mentioned to be situate at Sheerness and at Gravesend, and of every Part'

4 and Parcel thereof* and the true and real Value of the particular Estate and Interest of each Person in-

4 titled unto or interested in the fame respectively ; and five or more of the said Commissiopers did after-

4 wards meet pursuant to Adjournment, and did make th* ir Determination and Decree, purfpant to the

4 said recited Act, with regard to the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lituate at

4 Sheerness and Gravesend; and thereby they determined and decreed, that the true and real Value of the

4 feid Messuages, Lands* Tenements, and Hereditaments, at Sheerness and Gravesend, including fame

4 (mail Sums for the Value of some Seed Town, and fomc Gardening Stock growing on fopie ftnall Parts

4 of such Land* at Gravesend, is thirteen thousand four hundred ami fifty-two Pounds, and seventeen

4 Shillings: And whereas five or more of the Corneriffioners, named in the said Commission*under the

* Great heal of Great Britain* did, on the twenty-seventh D*y of the said Month of November Uft, meet

4 at the ff hte Hart Jnn in the Town of Romford, in the County of Effete, pursuant to Notice theiqof m

4 Writing given and fixed ,up, and also pub^ftied in the London Gazette^ twenty Days and more before

4 such Met ting, in such Manner as directed by the said recited Aftof Parliament; and such Cocninilfionr

Preamble.

Recital of

10 Geo. III#

Cap. jS.

Hi? Majesty? by

virtue of the

ind A&,

pointed certain-

Persona Cooi-

missioners;

who, on Nov.

iji- met in tha

Town-hall of

Rockefter.

Their Proceed*

inga the*c»

4 ers did men and there, in such like Manner as aforesaid, enquire who were the Owners and Pinpiietors

4 of the L inds, Tenements, and Heieditaroents, mentioned in nhe said Act, fttuaie near Filmy Forty in

c the said County, and the particular Estate and Inteseit of each ofTufih>Perfoaa tborefo; ;apd i^h Com-

4 mifliGnci*

Cr>rrmnjflfi6nfr?,

on Nov. met

at Romford.

Their. Proe«4*

ings mete.

bgle

