A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo GeorGji III.

C. 13. 167

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the eighth So much of

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures

of this Kingdom ; and for taking offfeveral Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for reducing the Duties upon Encourapemeot

Beaver Skins? Pepper? Mace? Cloves? and Nutmegs imported; and for Importation of oil Furs of the Pro- ©fSiikManu-

dust of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only 5 and that the two Corporations of Assurances? on any faftoits, &e.

Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to single Damages and Ccjls of Suit; as relates to the En-

couragement of the Silk Manufacture's of this Kingdom, and to the taking off several Duties on Merchan-

dizes exported, which was to continue in Force for three Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March? one

thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

ment $ and which, determined by several subsequent Acts, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the First, and in the Second, eighth, fifteenth, twentieth, twenty-sixth, and thirty-second

Yeats of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the sixth and fourteenth Years of

the Reign of his present Majesty, hath been continued until the twenty fourth Day of June? one thousand

seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament; shall further eont?-

be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June? one thousand seven hun- nued June

dred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament. *4.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority'aforesaid, That an Act, made in the sevenrh Year of 7 Gco* IJ, Cap.

the Reign of his hte Majesty, intituledr An Act for the Revival of an Act, made in the thirteenth Tear of the J* Vrt^/of*

Reign of his late Majesfly King George the First? intituled, * An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal, during cochineal°ajjd

4 the Time therein limited5 and also for the free Importation of Indico \ which was to continue in Force from indico,

the twenty-fourth Day of June? one thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, for the Term of seven Years,

and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent

Acts, passed in the fourteenth, twentieth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of his said late Majesty’s

Reign, and of the seventh and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued

from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September? one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-onc, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament; shall be, and the fame is further conti-

hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- nuc.) until s<pt.

eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament. 29> &c*

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the twelfth So much of

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Import- Gc°’ro-

ationof Books reprinted abroad? and first composed or written? and printed in Great Britain ; and for repealing hbiing’the iml

so much of an Act? made in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Sjucen Arme, as impozvers the limit- portition«f

ing the Prices of Books ; which Act was to continue in Force from the twenty-ninth Day of September? one Books reprinted

thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, for the Space of seven Years, and from .thence to the End of the abroad»

then next Section of Parliament; and which, so far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Books J^ingrte io»-

reprinted abroad, and first composed or written, and printed in Great Britain? by several subsequent Acts, porrationof

made in the twentieth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and Books reprinted'

of the seventh and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued, from the abroad, and first

Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, writlc" ?nd

and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament; shall be, and the fame is hereby fur- Brfiitn/funher*

ther continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September? one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, $nd continued until

from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament. Se ptenr ber 29,

17S8, Sec.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Adl, made in the nineteenth Year of J9 Geo u#

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable Cap. 17, for fc-

on foreign made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom ; and for charging all foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and curing the Du-

for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged? at their first Jetting out to Sea, to be furnished with one tics upon To.

complete Set of Sails made of British Sail Cloth ; which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day

of J une? one thousand seven hundred and forty-six, for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the ai 01 * C*

End of the then next Section of Parliament; and which, by four subsequent Acts, made in the twenty-

sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the sixth and fourteenth Years of

the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June? one thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament;

shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-fourth ok June? one thousand seven *’a,tljer conf*"

hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament. 24^1788*

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twentieth Year of G*o. nr.

the Reignof his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn 3*><or

and Grain? in Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty? U'hich was to be aK^0ounty

in Force until the twenty-hfih Day or March? one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; and which, by t°on of BHiifh

an Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was revived, and further con- Com in neutral

tinued until the twenty-fifth Day of March? one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; shall be, and Ship?, further

the fame is hereby farther continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March? one thousand seven hundred and wnt ?ued umil-

eighty-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament. ^*rch *5»

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twentieth Year %0 Ceo.ni.

of the Reign of his. present Majesty, intituled, An Act to allow the Exportation of Provisions? Goods? IVares? Cap 46. fvr al-

and Merchandize? from Great Britain, to certain Towns? Ports? or Places? in North America, which are or Jo*'i,e the E*-

may be under the Protection of his Majesifs Arms; and fromfuch Towns? Ports? or Places, to Great Britain,

and other Parts of his Majesty* s Dominions ;*which was to be nvForce until the first Day of June? one thousand '* pj^cTin

seven hundred and righty-onej and which, by an Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his Nonh America,

present

