262 C. 82.

the effective Of-

ficers anti Men,

Regulars and

Militia serving

in Great Britain.

From Jan f,

1783, Deben-

ture* to be made

out for Pay of

the Forces ac-

cording to the

Number borne

orj the Mtfter-

Xtdii.

vAnents to bring

to the Paymaft-

er*s Office an

-Account of the

Mutters, &c.

on Forfeiture

;ocl.

: FreimbJe,

From the passing

of this Act, cer-

tain Offices,

herein specified,

shill be fyp-

.piefled#

Any similar Of-

fice hereafter

established, fbatl

be deemed a new

Office.

Commissioneri

of the Treasury

to pay all Mo-

rey due on the

Civil Lilt on or

before JuJy.ae,

iljlz*

Anno vicesimo secundo G e o r g 11 III. A.D. 178 2.

neral into the Office of the said Secretary at War, distinguishing each Corpa severally; and the said Se-

cretary at War shall, and he is hereby directed and required, to form, or caused to be formed monthly,

an Eftinrute of the Monies which may be necessary for the recruiting of the said Regiments, Troops, and

Companies severally, and to transmit the fame, together wiih the said Account of efteftive Officers

and Privates, to the Offices of the Secretary at War, and of the Paymaster General of the Land Forces.

c XIX. And whereas it has been the usual Practice, for many Years last pad, for his Majesty's War-

4 rants to be sent to the Paymaster General of his Forces, directing him to make out Debentures complete

for the full Pay of the several Regiments, Troops, and Companies, according to their respective £fta-

4 bliffiments, instead of the former M-thod of fending Warrants to him to make out Debentures for the

4 Pay of the several Regiments, Troop*, and Companies, according to the Numbers borne on their re-

4 spective Mutter-rolls, which latter Method appears to be better suited to exact Account, and to the

4 Prevention of Increase of Balances anywhere;* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from

and after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, Debentures shall be made

out for the Pay of the several Regiments, Troops, and Companies, according to the Numbers borne on

their Muster-rolls, and not otherwise.

XX. And be it enacted, That the Arm^ or Regimental Agents shall, and they are hereby required to

bring to the Office of the said Paymaster General, within ten Days after every Mutter, an Account of the

Mutter of their Regiments severally, and of the Money actually paid for Subsistence and for recruiting,

distingurihing each Service, together with an Account of the Balances remaining in their Hands severally at

the Time of each Mutter.

XXI. And be it enacted, That for every Failure in any of the before mentioned Particulars, the said

Army Agent or Agents shall forfeit one hundred Pound?, to be recovered by any Per fun or Perfom who

shall sue for the same.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon his Civil List Re-

- venues , and for preventing the fame from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating

the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by AipprefTing or regulating cer-

tain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil

Lift.

4 AS his Majesty, from his paternal Regard to the Welfare of his faithful People, from

his Desire to discharge the Debt on his Civil List, without any new Burthen to the PubJick, for

preventing the Growth of a like Debt for the future, as well as lor intioducing a better Order and Oeco-

4 nomy in the Civil List Establishments, and for the better Security of the Liberty and Independency of

4 Parliament, has been pleased to order, that the Office commonly called or known by the Name of Third

4 Secretary of State, or Secretary of State for the Colonies; the Office or Establishment commonly known

4 by the Name and Description of The Board of Trade and Plantations; the Offices of Ix>rds of Police in

4 Scotland; the principal Officers of the Board of Works; the principal Officers of the G;eat Wardrobe ;

the principal Officers of the Jewel Office; the Treasurer of the Chamber; the Cofferer of the Householdj

the Offices of the fix Clerks of the Board of Green Cloth; the Office of Paymaster of the Penftons; the

4 Office of Master of the Harriers and Fox Hounds; and also the Oftice of Mailer of the Stag Hounds,

4 should be iijppnfted :* Wherefore, for carrying his Majesty’s said gracious Order into Execution, may it

please your Majesty that it may enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s nioft Exccilent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

ment affem bled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Of-

fice commonly called or known by the Name of Third Secretary of State, or Secretary of State for the Colo-

nies; the Office or Establishment commonly called The Bomd of Trade and Plantations \ the Offices of the

Loids and Gentlemen of Police in Scotland; the principal Officers of the Board of Wofks; the principal

Officers of the great Wardrobe; the nrincipal Officers of the Jewel Office; the Treasurer of the Chamber;

♦the Cofferer of the Household; the Offices of the fix Clerks of the Board of Green Cloth; the Office of

Paymaster of the Pensions; the Offices of the Matter of the Harriers, the Matter of the Fox Hounds, and

the Matter of the Stag Hounds; and all and every of the Offices aforesaid, together with certain of the Of-

.fices dependent on or connected with the fame, of which a List shall be entered in the Exchequer, by Cer-

tificate from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, on or before the tenth Day of (Jtloher, one thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty-two (which Lift the Did Lords Commissioners ate hereby directed tocause

to be entered as aforesaid), shall be, and arc hereby utterly suppressed, aboliibed, and taken away.

II. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Office of the

fame Name, Nature, Description, or Purpose, of tiiofe hereby abolished, shall be established hereafter,

the fame is and shall be deemed and taken as a new Office, to all Constructions, Intents, and Purposes

whatsoever.

4 III. And, for the necessary Payment of Persons hitherto paid in any of the Offices by this Act sup-

4 pressed, and the Execution of the Duty done or performed by the fame ;* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury shall be, and they are hereby authorised and

required to issue and pay, or cause to be issued and paid, all such Sum or Sums of Money as are or shall he

due and owing to any Person or Persons, on account of his Majesty’s Civil Government, on or before tie

twentieth Day of July, one thousand (even hundred and eighty-two, in the same Manner, and by the

Perfora

