A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. G. 65, 231

XII'. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Sessions, may, Jofthfimay *j>-

if they think fit, appoint a Minister of the Church of England, refiJing in or near toe Place where every *K,f,r a C!,fr^7rn

such House of Corieftion shall he situate, to perform divine Service there every Sunday, and may appoint

such Salary for his Trouble 3$ they shall think fit, n">t exceeding twenty Pounds per Annum, to be pa d by in any iWeof

the Treasurer of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where such House ftull be situate, out of the Co.re&iciw

County Rates, or other publick Money to be collected therein ; but such Salary to be diminished, at any

future Quarter Sessions, if the Justices shall think fie.

XIII. And be it furtheV enacted, That all Penalties infl.ft.t) by this Act shall, in D fault of Payment, Penalties hew to

after due Summons and Demand made, be levied by Distress and S^le of the Offender’s Goods and Chat- ^coveredand

tels, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace h iving Jurisdiction aPPlled*

where such Offender shall dwell, rendering to the said Offender the Overplus (if any), after the Charges of

such Distress and Sale C1 all be deducted ; and in case sufficient Difirefs shall not be found, then, and in

every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice of the Peace to commit such Offender

to the common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Space not

exceeding iix Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month; and that every such Penalty and For-

feiture shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, Division, or Disttift, where such House of

Correction shall be situate, in Aid of the common Stock, out of which the Expences attending the Execu-

tion of the several Purposes of this Act are to be paid as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Pub- P»Wick A^|

lick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without the

fame being specially pleaded.

RULES, Orders, and Regulations, to be observed and enforced at every House of Cor-

rection provided and established, or to be provided and established, Under the Authority

of the Acts of the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King James the First,

the seventeenth of King George the Second, and the twenty-iecond of King George the

Third.

I. THAT the several Persons who shall be committed to the House of Correction to be kept to

hard Labour, shall be employed (unless prevented by ill Health) every Day, during their Confinement

(except Sundays, Christmas day, and Good Friday), for so many Hours as the Day-light in the different Sea-

sons of the Year will admit, not exceeding twelve Hours, being allowed thereout to rest Half an Hour at

Breakfast, an Hour at Dinner, and Half an Hour at Supper, and that the Intervals shall be noticed by the

ringingof a Bell.

fi. That the Governor of each House of Correction shall adapt the various Employments, which shall

bedirefted by the Justices.at their Quarter Sessions, to each Person in such Manner as shall bebeft suited to

his or her Strength and Ability, Regard being had to Age and Sex.

III. That the Males and Females shall be employed, and shall also eat and be lodged, in separate Apart-

ments, and shall have no Intercourse or Communication with each other.

IV. That every Person so committed shall be sustained with Bread, and any coarse but wholesome Food,

and Water; but Persons under the Care of the Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, shall be sustained with

such Food and Liquor as he shall direct.

- V. That the Governor, and such other Persons (if any) as shall be employed by the Justices to assist the

Governor, shall be very watchful and attentive in seeing that the Persons so committed are constantly em-

ployed during the Hours of Work; and if any Person shall be found remiss or negligent in performing

what is requiird to be done by such Person to the bell of his or her Power and Ability, or shall wilfully

waste, spoil, or damage the Goods committed to his or her Care, the Governor shall punish every such Per-

son in the Manner hereafter directed.

VI. That if any Person to committed shall refuse to obey the Orders given by the Governor, or shall be

guilty of profane cuifingor swearing; or of any indecent Behaviour or Expression, or of any Assault, Quar-

rel, or abusive Words, to or with any other Person ; he or she shall be punished for the fame in the Man-

ner hereafter directed.

VII. That the Governor shall have Power to punish the several Offenders for the Offences herein-before

described, by closer Confinement; and shall enter in a Book, to be kept by him for the Inspection of the

Justices at the Quarter Sessions, and rhe vifning Justiceor Justices, the Name of every Person who shall be

so punished by him, expressing the Offence, and the Duration of the Punishment inflicted.

An Act to enable the most noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to

open a Street from the Strand, at or near the East End of the New Churchy to rhe South End of Stanhope-

street in the Parifll of Saint Clement Danes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster ; and to nuke a

more commodious Communication bt rween the North End of Stanhope-JIrect aforesaid, and IVylde-Jlrect

in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex*

CAP. LXV.

