C. 48.

Anno vicclimo tertio Georgii III, A.D. 1753,

4 cannot be effe£lu!!y carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament :* May it therefore please

ycur Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.

incorporated, Clause deferring the Manner in which the Naviga-

Path to be confined to the Top of the Banks, and properly secured;

case of Damage, Satisfaction to be made_by the Company, and the Junks repaired by

’ ~ ~ Depth

The

44 Undertakers appointed, and

44 tion shall be made. Haling

<( - -

<<

and in

them. The Company obliged to mainrain Mr. Thowplcm's Banks in the Parish of Bole.

44 of Water to be ascertained by the Plan, and Section, and by Stones and Maiks.

44 Company not to make Fords irrpaffiible, or to make Cuts or Canals. Stoke Ford not to be

44 lowered deeper than 25 Inches. Ccrnrmfficners nuy lower Fords to 24. Inches, if they find ft

44 necessary. CLufe for providing Ferry Boats at (he Fords. No Weirs or Dams to be imdc across,

44 or in the River, so as to prejudice Fifficries, or nbftrud the Pafiage of Salmon or other Fish. Conr-

44 municarions between the River Trent and other Navigations to be preserved. Lands may be entered

44 to take Surveys. Divers Surveys have been taken, and a Plan and Section, and Book of Reference

44 made: Three Parts thereof to be made, and to be certified by the Speaker of the House of Commons;

44 and allowed to be good Kviden.ce. Haling Paths to be made pursuant to the Plan. Land-owners being

u omitted in the Book of Reference, not to obstrud the making the Haling Path. Breadth of Haling Paths

44 limited. Gates or Drop-fhles to be made upon the Haling Path, at the Option of the Owners dr

44 Occupiers of Lands, and paid for by the Company. In case ot Refnfal, Parties may complain to a Justice.

44 Owners or Occupiers may take away Gates and Drop-stiles, and let up others in their Stead. Haling

44 Path not to he made over certain Places. Buildings may be erected near the River, but not to obstruct

44 the Haling Path. Annual Rents to be paid for Haling Path. Right of Soil of the Haling Path reserved,

44 No Vessels to be haled with more than two Hories. When ten Miles of the Haling Path are com-

44 pleted on any Part of the River, the fame may be used. Bodies Politick, ifc. empowered to fell Lands.

44 Conveyances to be enrolbd, and true Copies allowed to be Evidence. Copyhold Rights preserved.

44 Commissioners appointed to determine Differences. If Partus refuse to submit to, or are diffatUfied

44 with, the Determination of Commissioners, or refuse to accept Satisfaction, or upon Notice to treat,*

44 (hall'not agree ; Commissioners to ill'ue their Warrant for summoning a Jury. For Want of Jurymen,

44 Sranders-by to be chosen. Jurois may be challenged. Witnesses m. v be summoned, and examined on

44 Oath. Commissioners to give Judgment as aflelled by the Jury; which Verdict and Decree shall be

44 conclusive. Sheriff, Coroner, or Jurors, &c. making Default, to forfeit $/. Persons requeuing a Jury,

44 to enter imo a Bond to prosecute before the Commissioners issue their Warrant (or the Jury. Notice

44 of Injury to be given to the Proprietors before Complaint thereof made to the Commissioners. Purchase

44 Money due to Corporations andTrustees to be laid out to ihe fame Uses. In Default of Payment,

44 Rates to be liable, or to be recovered at Law. Decrees of the Commissioners to be filed with the Clerk

44 of the Peace for the respective Counties. Satisfaction being made or tendered, the Company may enter

44 and proceed in their Works. Persons ohftruding the Wo*ks, to forfeit not less than lor. or more than

44 * /. at the Discretion of the Justice. Proprietors may raise 1 ,0r-o/. amongst themselves to carry on the

44 Work. No Person to have more than four Share*, except by Will, or as Fxecutor, £sV. Dilputes

44 between the Company and Persons claiming Payment or Expences relative to this Ato be

44 referred to two indifferent Persons. The Money to be raikd to be divided into 260 Shares of 50/. each;

44 5/, per Cent, to be paid to the Subscribers till the Wo;ks air completed. Power to raise more, in case

44 the 13,^00/. (lull be infuificitnt, by Subscription, or by Mortgage of the said Navigation. Entries

44 of all Alignments to be made in Books. Alignments may be transferred. Transfers to be notified

44 to the Clerk, who Hull enter the fame in a Book Intereff robe paid half-) early, before any Dividends

41 afe made. Eirft Meeting of Proprietors, June 24, who (lull ,chu(e a Committee to manage

44 Affairs of the Company, and appoint a Treasurer and Clerk. Committee to be chosen annually. Each

44 Member of the Committee to have only one Vote, except the Chairman. Committee to nuke Reports

*4 of their Proceedings to the General Afftmbbes, and to be subordinate thereto. Committee empowered

44 to make Calls of Money from the Proprietors, for carrying on the Navigation, if they find it necessary.

44 All Money whatsoever so be paid into die Hands of the 1 realurn*; but to be applied by the Committee

44 in Works relating to the Navigation. Notice of Calls to be advertised 5 and also by Letter from the

44 Clerk to the Subscribets. Kirft Call to be recovered by Action of Debt, £5fc. Persons not paying the

44 future Calls purfuunr to Notice, to forfeit their bhares. Forfeitures to be declared at Genera! Aifcm-

44 biies, within three Months after the Forfeitures shall be made. Any General Assembly of Proprietors

44 nuy remove or displace any Committee Man, or other Officer; and alter or revoke any Rules or Re-

44 gelations laid down f<»r their Proceedings. Executors, £sV. of Owners of Shares, indemnified for pay-

44 ing Money, when called for. Shares may be disposed of No Person shall fell after any Call of Moniei

44 nude, until the Monies called for upon th^ Shares so to be sold shall be paid. No Business to be done

44 at a Committee, unless five be present. T/eafurer to be allowed his Expences, ife, Clerk to be

44 enirufied with Mon v to pay petty Expences, &c. 7 wo General Meetings yearly ; all Accounts then

44 to be settled pffled. Propr iefors allowed to take Tolls, viz* for ev<’ry Ton of Goods, which shall be

44 carried from JVilden Ferry to G aivfhcrough, Nine-pence; from IF 11 den Ferry to Newark upon Trent, Six-

44 P^nce ; from IT 11 den Ferry to Nottingham Trent Bridge, Three-pence ; from Gmnjhorcugb to Nottingham

4‘ Trent Bridge, Six-pence; from Guinffarcugh to Newark, Thiee- pence ; and from Nottingham Trent

44 Bridge 10 Newark, Thiee-pence ; anti so in Proportion for a greater or less Quantity than a Ton, or (or

44 any less DifHnce than the whole Length of the Navigation Cl jufe for proportioning the Toll within

44 certain Difhnrcs. No Fraction of a Farthing to be allowed in the Tolls. No Toll shall be demanded

4‘ for any Boar, navigated upon the Rivei Trent between the Erewajb Canal and the River Soar\ but in

44 beu of such Toll, the two Companies of Proprietors belonging so the said Canal and River, shall pay

4t 10 the Company of Prcpi iefors, established by this Act, the two annual Sums of fifty Shillings, making

44 together the Sum of five Pounds, to commence from June *4, 1784. No Toll to be taken until a certain

44 Part

