I4&

Three Days No.

tice to be given

to Pet Tons Turn-

tooned to frrve

«n the Jury, &c.

Commissioners

et' the Tower

Hamlets Court

of Requrfts ex-

empted from

Serving on J iiicf

in this Court.

Witnesses may

be Summoned.

Verdifls of the

Court to be float.

Punishment for

Contempt or

DilWbance of

Court.

Lill of Fe:s,

How the Fees

full be divided.

Steward.

C. 73. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781

Hospital, by Plaint, in the same Manner as any other Debt or Demand may be recovered by virtue of

this Act; and which Jury {hall receive, for their Attendance upon such Trials, the Fees set forth in the

Table of Fees hereafter mentioned: Provided nevertheless, That no Person {hall be obliged to attend

upon such Juries more or oftener than once in six Months.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who {hall by this Act be

liable to be called upon the said Jury, {ball be served with a Summons for that Purpose, by the Order of

the said Steward or his Deputy, three Days at the lead before the Day fixed for serving on the fame; and

no Person shal] serve on such fury oftener than once in three Months.

IX. And be it further enacted. That the Commissioners of the Court of Requests for the Tower Hamlets

for the Time being {hall be, and are hereby exempted from serving on the said Jury, for the said Court of

Record within the said Manors of Stepney and Hackney, any Thing herein contained to the contrary not-

withstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said

Steward and his Succcdors, and his and their Deputies, at the Request of the Plaintiff or Defendant, in

any Cause depending in the said Court, to issue a Summons, requiring the Attendance of any Person or

Persons as a Witness or Witnesses upon the Trial of such Cause, under the Penalty of twenty Shillings

for Disobedience, to be recovered and applied as aforesaid : Provided always, That before the said Stew-

ard, or his Succiffors, and his or their Deputies, shall proceed to impole the fa d Penalty, it {hall be

proved to him that a reasonable Satisfaction had been tendered to such Witness or Witnclles for his, her,

or their Attendance.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of

July* one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, no Plaint to be entered in the said Court as aforesaid,

nor any Verdict or Assessment of Damages, nor any Order or Orders, or other Proceedings to be had

thereupon by virtue of this Act, shall be flayed, delayed, or removed out of the said Court by any Writ

of Prohibition, Habeas Corpus, Certiorari, or Writ of Error or Falle Judgment, or otherwise howsoever,

but the said Verdict, Assessment of Damages, or Orders, shall be final and conclusive.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be guilty

of any Contempt or Disturbance of the said Court, during the Sitting of the Court, it {hall be lawful for

the said Steward and his Successors, and his and their Deputies for the Time being, to order such Person

or Persons to be taken into the Custody of any Summoning Officer or Officers attending the said Court,

which Officer or Officers is and are hereby required and authorised to detain such Person or Persons in his

or their Custody, during the Sitting of the said Court; and the said Steward and his Successois, and his

and their Deputies for the Time being, may amerce such Person or Persons any Sum not exceeding

twenty Shillings, to be recovered and applied as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the future no other or greater

Fees {hall be taken in the said Court, than are contained in the Lift of Fees, as under.

For PLAINTIFF,

4 For entering every Plaint, one Shilling:

* For Summons and Service, two Shillings and Sixpence:

4 For summoning the Jury, one Shilling :

4 For entering and Trial of the Cause, four Shillings :

4 To the Jury for every Cause, two Shillings:

4 For every Order and Entering, one Shilling :

4 For Subpoena and Service, one Shilling and Sixpence:

4 For Execution and Service, one Shilling.

For D E F E N D A N T.

4 For entering Appearance, Sixpence:

4 For Plea, Sixpence :

4 To the Jury for every Cause, two Shillings:

4 For every Order and Entering, one Shilling:

4 For Subpoena and Service, one Shilling and Sixpence :

4 For Execution and Service, one Shilling.

On Confessing the Debt.

4 For Confession, one Shilling :

4 For Summons and Service, two Shillings and Sixpence;

4 For Order and Entering, one Shilling :

4 For Execution and Service, one Shilling.*

Which Fees (except those to the Jury and Summoning Officer) {hall be divided, in three equal Propor-

tions, between the Steward of the Court, the Patentee, and the four present Attornies, Richard Cart-

tvrighty John Bexwell, Mayor Wright, and Robert Wrighty or the Survivors of them, until other Attor-

nies shall be appointed under the said Letters Patent in their Stead, in the Cafe of the Death of either of

them. Alienation, or Forfeiture of his or their Place of an Attorney of the said Court, as aforesaid ; and

the above Lift of Fees shal] be hung up in some public Place in the said Court.

# XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That yohn Mors Ellis, of the Inner Temple, Bar-

rifter at Law, /hall be Steward of the said Court so long as he {hall behave himself well in his said Office$

6 and

