A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 73. 387

For every Warrant to apprehend a Person for an Insult, or Misbehvaiour in the Courts or to the Commit-

sioners, Clerk, or other Officer of the fame, one Shilling.

To the SERJEANT:

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or Subpoena, if within the Town or Suburbs of Shmvjlury, Serjeant's Fcet<

and attending the Court with the Return thereof, Three-pence; if out of the said Town and Suburbs*

Two-pence more for every Mile from the Guildhall (the Distance to be ascertained by any three or more

of the said Commissioners):

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, one Penny:

For executing every Attachment, Execution, or Warrant, against the Body or Goods within the said

Town or Suburbs, one Shilling; if out of the said Town or Suburbs, Three-pence more for every

Mile:

For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, or Delinquent, to Prison, if apprehended within the said Town

and Suburbs, one Shilling; and if apprehended out of the said Town and Suburbs, Three-pence more for

every Mile.

A Table of which Fees shall from Time to Time be hung up by the Clerk of the said Court of Requests in

some conspicuous Part of the Guildhall, so that all Persons concerned may peruse and inspect the fame.

Provided always, that one Moiety only of the several and respe£live Fees aforesaid shall be demanded or

taken in any Cause or Action for the Recovery of any Debt not amounting to five Shillings.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or Power to vary

any thirteen or more of them-, from Time to Time, if they shall think fit, upon ten Days previous Notice thcFccs*

affixed upon the Door of the Guildhall aforesaid, to lefTen or reduce all or any of the Fees herein-before

limited and allowed to be demanded by the Clerk and Serjeant respectively, so that the fame be not reduced

to less than one half of the several and respective Sums herein-before particularly mentioned (such Reduc-

tion of Fees being confirmed at the next Meeting of the said Commissioners) *, and it {hall and may be

lawful for the said Commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, from Time to Time, upon the like

Notice, to advance all or any of the Fees so lessened or reduced to any Sum not exceeding the several and

respective Sums herein-before mentioned and expressed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted. That if any Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court of Requests for the Pfniltfjr on t«-

Time being, or any Deputy or Person by either of them employed, shall demand and take any greater or greater

Other Fee or Reward than what is herein-before mentioned and specified for his or their Service respectively

ki the Execution of this Act, he and they shall, for every such Offence, forfe it and pay such Fine (not

exceeding the Sum of five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings) as the said Commissioners, or any

seven or more of them, shall act'efs and impose ; to be paid to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor

Of the Parish or Place where the Person or Persons paying such greater Fee or Reward shall live and

reside, and by them applied to the Relief of the Poor of such Parish or Place.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court of Requests shall Clorki and Ser.

be guilty of any Misbehvaiour, either by Negledf or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fees than such

as are herein before specified and alDwed to be taken, or otherwise offending in the Execution of their 1

respeflive Offices, so as to merit a greater Punishment than is before provided, that then, upon Complaint

and due Proof thereof made upon Oath or Affirmation in open Court, the Commissioners, or the major

Part of them then fitting, are hereby impowered and required rocause the whole Number of Commissioners

to be summoned by an Advertisement to be inferred in the Shreu/bury Chronicle, or some other publick

Newspaper circulated in the said Town, to meet at a convenient Time and Place; and the CommiJfion-

ers present at such Meeting (not being less than thirteen in Number ) shall and may examine and consider

the Matter of such Complaint; and if it shall appear to such Commissioners, or the major Pait of them,

that such Cleik or Serjeant has been guilty of any Misbehvaiour or Breach of Duty as aforesaid, in his or

their Office or Offices, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part’

of them then assembled, to dilmi s cr remove such Clerk or Serjeant from his and their respective Offices of

Clerk or Serjeant in pursuance of this Act, and to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person to be

Clerk or Serjeant in the Room and Place of the Person so dHmiffed or removed as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enactid, That whenever it shall happen, that the Place of Clerk or Serjeant Election of new

of the said Court of Requests shall become vacant, eitht r by Death, Resignation, or in consequence of Clerks and Sa*

Misbehvaiour or Neglect of Duty, the said Commissioners for the 1 irre being shall be summoned by Jcant'*

Advertisement as aforesaid as soon as may be after such Vacancy, and they or any thirteen or more of

them, who shall meet together in the said Guildhall, not sooner than four Days after such Advertisement,

are hereby authorized and required to chuse, by ATj ,rity of Voices taken by Ballot, another fit Pei Ion to

be Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court during his good Behaviour; and the Cleik and Serjeant so reflec-

tively chosen and appointed shall be, and he and they is and are hereby veiled with the like Powers and

Authorities for putting this Act in Execution, as the CErk and Serjeant hereby named and appointed

isvand are inverted with.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Minute Books, Readers, or other Books and Pa-

pers, or other Matter or Thing of and belonging to the said Court of Requests, which shall be in the

Hands or Possession of any Clerk or other Officer of the f?id Court, (had be deemed and are hereby-

declared to be the Property of the Commissioners of the said Court for the Time being; and in case

any Clerk or other Officer of the said Court shall rtfign or be displaced from his Office, or any Executor,

Administrator, or other legal Representative of any Clerk or other Officer who shall die, dial), for the

Space of four Days next after Notice in Writing signed by any three or more of the said Commissioners,

given to or left at the usual Place of Aboje of such Clerk or other Officer, or his or their Executor, Ad-

ministrator, or ether legal Representative neglect or refuse to deliver and give up all such Books ants

DigitizifcjEty^C

Book*, Ac. veil*

rd in Comtnif*

fionert.

