266 C. 82.

TheOatfc*

Wo ft»ted Sum

to be allowed for

Secret Service

Money*

Sums ifloed for

any fptcial Ser-

vice, &c. to be

etitered in ».

Book,

Crantf of Royal

Bounty, when

to be reputed-

Pensioni,

The Payments

of. the Civil List

Revt 0ues to be

divided into tc»

gulu Classes,

Ko Pension, ftc,

10 be paid out of

C auric,

S Janes, Arc. in

/. near lt/r 1^0

Yeaj& :o be ex-

Uug ji/ucii.

Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii 111. A.D. 1782.

Secretaries, or the Under Secretary of State in the Office to which such Secret Service Money hath been

paid, or for the first Commissioner of the Admiralty, or the Secretary of the Admiralty, to make

Oath, before the Barons of the Exchequer, or one of them, or before the Curfitor Baron, in the Form

following:

T A B. do swear. That the Money paid to me for Foreign Secret Service, or for Secret Service in de-

4 A testing, preventing, or defeating, treasonable, or other dangerous Conspiracies against the State [mu-

4 iatis mutandisy as the Cafe may £<?,] has been bona fide applied to the said Purpose or Purposes, and to no

other i and that it hath not appeared to me convenient to the State that the fame should be paid Abroad.

4 So help me GOD.’

r XXVIII. And, to avoid all Confusion in Accounts relative to the said Secret Service* be it enacted by

the Authority atorefdid, That the certain stated Sums of Money now paid to his Majesty’s Principal Se-

cretaties of State, under the Name of Secret Service Money, but which are commonly reputed and em-

ployed as Part of the Salary of the said Office, be no longer entered or paid under that Description or for

that Account; but the fame, for so long as his Majesty shall please to continue the Whole or any Part

thereof, shall be given under (he Name of Salary, Fee, or Allowance: And that hereafter no certain or

flated Sum be given or allowed for the said Secret Service out ol his Majesty’s Civil List Revenues; but,

when any Monies fur Secret Service shall be deemed necessary by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Trea-

fury, the lame shall be issued, by their Direction, to the Officer or Office;if aforesaid, as the Occasion shall

require, according as is herein-before diiecled and provided.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That whenever any Sum or Sums of Money shall be issued for the Purpose

of any fptcial Service, or shall be given without Piovision of annual or other Hated Payment, but in ft

gross Sum or Sums, as to any Secretary or Secretaries of the Treasury, or others, to be paid over to or for

the Use of any Person or Persons for Special Service, or as of Royal Bounty, the said Sum or Sums of

Money, together with the special Service or Services, or as Royal Bounty, to which the fame is or are

applied, as also the N<»me of the Person or Persons to whom the said Money for Service or of Bounty as

aforesaid is paid, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose in the Treasury, in order to be

produced to either House of Parliament, if required.

4 XXX. And, for the better Prevention of all Pra<3ice by which such Grants as of Bounty may be

4 made a Colour under which Pensions may be substantially granted, contrary to the true Intent and

4' Meaning of this Act,* it is hereby enacted, That any Sum or Sums of Money so given as of Royal Bounty,

to any Pcifon more than once in three Years, the fame is and dull be reputed a Pension or Pensions to all

Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

4 XXXI. And whereas the Establishment of an invariable Order in the Payment of Salaries and other

1 Charges on the Civil List, will enable those who have the Charge thereof the better to provide for the

4 feveial Services to which the said Civil List Revenues ought to be applied, and will be the Means to pre-

4 vent the incurring of Debt for the future, and the following Order seems just and equitable for that

4 Purpose; that is to say; First, The Pensions and Aliowanc-s of the Royal Family; Secondly, The Pay -

4 ment of the Salaries of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissionerft

4 of the Great Seal, the Speaker of the House of Commons, and Judges of the Courts of King’s Bench

and Common Plea9, and Barons of the Exchequer, the Chief Justice of Chester, and the Justices of the

4 Courts of Great Session in the Principality of lVaUs\ Thirdly, T he Salaries of the Ministers to Foreign

4 Courts, being resident at the said Courts; Fourthly, The approved Bills of all Tradcfmen, Artificers,

and Laboureis, for any Articles supplied, or Work done, for his Majesty’s Service; Fifthly, Theme-

4 nial Servants in his Majesty’s Household; Sixthly, The Pension Lift, beginning with the fmaJJert Pen-

4 fions; Seventhly, The Salaries of all other Places payable out of the Civil List Revenues, beginning

4 with the lowest; E'ghthly, The Salaiies and Pensions of the High Treasurer or Commissioneis of th©

4 Treasury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

the Comrr.ifiiuners of the Treasury shall, on or before the fi;th D.iy of . jpvil, one thousand (even hundred

and eighty three, draw out a Plan of the Establishments and Payments of the said Civil List Revenues in

Oafles, according to the Order herein mentioned, arranging by Ellimate the Exprnce of each CJafs, and

of each individual Office in each Class; and that such Plan shall be signed by the said Commissioners, and

dtp fired with the Clerk of the House of Commons, on or before the said fifth Day of Aprils one thousand

seven hundred and eighty-three; and thar, from and after the said fifth Day of April, all Sums of Money

which shall become due and payable out of the said Civil List Revenues, for any of the Purposes aforesaid,.

shall be paid in the Order and according to the Plan herein mentioned.

XXXII. And it is hereby enacted, That it Hull not be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury to

diied the Payment of any Salary or Pension whatsoever, to be made under Sign Manual or otherwise, urn*

til the Bills, Salaries, and Pensions of all those who are entitled, according to the foregoing Order, are

fiift discharged, or Cash set apart in the Exchequer sufficient to answer the whole Demand in the preceding

Chiles: Provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conlfrued to extend, to prevent the

Commissioneis of the Treasury from orde/ing all occasional Payments, for which Warrants are usually

granted at the Treasury, and which are not comprc bended in the Classes and Descriptions aforesaid, to bft

made according to their. Diferction, and as the Circumstances of the Cafe may in their Judgement re-

quire.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of April\

one thousand ftven hundred and eighty-three, if any Salary, Fee, or Pension, or any Part thereof, shall

remain in Arrear at the usual Time of Payment, at the End of a Period of two Years, from Want of Cash

belonging to the Civil List Revenue to pay and discharge the fame, the said Arrear of Salary, Fee, or

Pension,

