71

A* D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III,

C, 49,

the said several Sums are remaining, are hereby respectively directed and required to pay the fame ac-

cordingly.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar, on or before the said twenty-fourth

Day of October, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, the said aggregate

Sum of three hundred (eventy-seven thousand seven hundred eighty-eight Pounds, five Shillings, ano Seven-

pence, being the Balance remaining in the Hands of such of the.laid late Paymasters General of his

Majesty’s Forces who aie now living, and in the Hands of the personal Reprefematives of such of them

as are dead, in the several Proportions herein-after mentioned; that is to say, The sum of two hundred

fifty-six thousand four hundred fifty six Pounds, two Shillings, and Four-pence, remaining in the Hands

nf the said John Poivell, the only acting Executor of the said late Right Honourable Henry Lord Holland

deceased \ the Sum of forty-four thousand four hundred twenty-two Pounds, four Shillings, and Eight-

pence, remaining in the Hands of the said Right Honourable Caroline Baroness Greenwich, the personal

Representative of the said Right Honourable Charles Townshend deceased; the Sum of fixey-three thousand

seven hundred thirty-eight Pounds, three Shillings, and Ten-pence, remaining in the Hands of the said

Right Honourable Frederic Lord North, and of the said George John Cooke, and Charles Moiloy, Esquires,

the personal Reprefematives of the said late George Cooke Esqume deceased; the Sum of thirteen thousand

one hundred seventy-one Pounds, fourteen Shillings, and Nine-pence, remaining in the Hands of the

said Right Honourable Thomas Townshend, and of the said George John Cocke, and Charles Mottoy, Esquires,

the personal Representativcs of the said late George Cooke Esquire deceased; or so much of the said several

Balances or Sums of Money as shall then remain in the Hands of the said several and respective Persons,

unapplied to the Services, Charges, and Demands, to which the fame are respectively liable, shall be paid

into his Majesty’s Exchequer at W'eftminster, and be applied to fufeh Services as shall then have been voted

by the Commons of Great Britain in this present Session of Parliament; and the said Persons in whose

Hands the said several Sums are remaining, are hereby respectively directed and required to pay the fame

accordingly.

III. And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That, upon Payment of the several and respective

Sums herein-before mentioned, or any Part thereof respectively, by the several and rc.'pedive Persons

aforesaid, into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, the several and respective Persons aforesaid, and

their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and the Heirs, Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns, of the respective late Treafuiers of his Majesty’s Navy, and Paymasters General of his Ma-

jesty’s Forces, deceased, and they, each and every of them, and their and every of their respective Lands,

7'enements, Goods, and Chattels,- shall be, and are hereby acquitted, discharged, and exonerated, against

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all and every Person and Persone vvharsoever, for and in respect

of all and evety such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be so paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, and

Credit shall be given and allowed for the fame in the respective Accounts of the fair! late Treasurers of his

Majesty’s Navy, and late Payinafters General of his Majesty’s Forces, 2nd their Representatives, by the

Auditor or Auditors of the Imprefts, on producing a Tally or Tallies for the lespective Sums so to be paid

into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer; any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Custom or Usage, to

the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further, enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the l ime

being, shall, and are hereby authorised and impowered, upon Representation to them made, to order and

direct the Paymaster General of the Forces now or for the Time being, out of any Money in his H inds,

applicable to the Use of his Majesty’s Forces, to pay all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as they

shall judge just and reasonable for satisfying any Demands for military or other public Services; and also

to order and direct the Treasurer of the Navy now or for the l ime being, out of any Money in his

Hands applicable to the Service of the Navy, to satisfy and pay any Navy Bill or Bills, Wages to Seamen,

Half-pay Bounty to Chaplains, and all or any other Demands on Account of the Navy; which should or

might have been paid by any or either of the said late Paymasters General of the Forces, or Treasurers of

the Navy, or his or their respective Representatives, and which were Charges on him or them, incurred

during the Time of his or their being Paymaster or Paymasters General of the Forces, or Treasurer or

Trealurersof the Navy; and also all Fees, Rewards, Gratuities, or other Expences attending the carrying

on; and the full Completion of, their respective Accounts, and obtaining their Rictus.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act. for preventing certain Abuses and Profanations on the Lord’s Day, called Sunday.

The Sum of

377.7851. 5 s.

yd. the Balance

remaining in the

Hands of the

late Paymaster*

General, Sec. to

he paid intu the

Exchequer on or

before Oft. 24,

1781.

tlp^n Paytnent

of the Sums a-

bove mentioned,

the said late

Treafuiersot the

Navy, and Pay-

masters General,

their Heirr, See.

shall be acquit-

ted and d feharg-

cd for the lame*

Commissioner*

of the Treasury

m?y order the

Paymaster Ge-

neral to apply v

any public Mo-

ney in his Hand9

to the public

Services; and

also the Trea-

surer ol the Na-

vy, out of any ‘

public Money in

hii Hands, to

pay any Navy

Bills, &c. which

/hould have been

p*id by the said

la:e Pa%mafte>s,

or Treasurers,

WHEREAS certain Houses, Rooms, or Places, within the Cities of London or IVcjhrdnfter, or Prcarnble*

in the Neighbourhood thereof, have of late frequently been opened for public Entertainment or From the pairing

Amusement upon the Evening of the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday; and at other Houses, Rooms, ©* ‘his Act, any

or Places, within the said Cities, or in the Neighbourhood thereof, under Pretence of inquiring into House#ftc.opm-

4 religious Doctrines, and explaining Texts of holy Scripture, Debates have frequently been held on the Amufrment^or

4 Evening of the Lord’s Day, concerning divers Texts of holy Scripture, by Persons unlearned and incompe*->. D^aic^on a°

4 tent to explain the fame, to the Corruption of £ood Morals, and to the great Encouragement of Irre- s unday, to which

4 ligion and Profanenefsbe it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice Persons /hall be

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, *dmJlted *7

and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the passing of this present Act, any House, Room, &c.Mt/halV

or other Place, which shall be opened or used for public Entertainment or Amulement, cr for publicly d-cmM di/or-

debapnj on any Subje£t whatsoever, upon any Part of the Lord's Day called Sunday, and to which Persons deriy House ;iad

8 shall die Keeper

VnOO^lC

