A. IX 1781. Anno vic$5mQ primo Qsorgii I If.C. 63.

County, Riding^ Division, City, Town, PI*ce, or Liberty, in which any Gaol or Prison shall be, or to

which the fame belong, to fix; up in some conspicuous Place or Places, in every such Prison, and at the

most frequented and usual Gate, Door, or Entrance into every such Prison, three or more true Copies of

the List or Lists proposed or intended to bp delivered in by any such Gaoler or Keeper at the said General

Quarter Sessions, or at some Adjournment thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, whose Debts respectively shall not

amount, in the Whole, to a greater Sum than five hundred Pounds, and whose Name or Names shall b£

inserted in any such Lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, who were let at large, by and upon the burning,

destroying, or breaking open of the Prisons aforesaid, and who surrendered, or did surrender, before the

first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty; and all and every Person and Persons,

whose Name or Names shall be inserted in any such Lift, to be delivered in as aforesaid, who, on the first

Day of "January, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, were really and

truly Prisoners in the actual Custody, and surrendered, or offered to surrender himself, herself, or them-

selves, as aforesaid, who, upon the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one,

were really and truly Prisoners in the actual Custody of any Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any Prison

respectively of this Kingdom, and did not come into, or get his, her, or their Names entered in the Book

of any Gaol or Prison as a Prisoner or Prisoners there, with a View or Design to take the Benefit of some

Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and who shall take the Oath herein-after mentioned, and shall per-

form, on his or her Part, what is required to be done by him or her by this AS, shall be for ever released

and discharged and exonerated, in such Manner as hereafter is provided.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace

of any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, upon the Pe-

tition of any such Prisoner or Prisoners to any Justice or Justices of the Peace within his or their respec-

tive Jurisdictions, upon every such'Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning, and at the Time of his or her so

petitioning, leaving with the Justice or Justices of the Peace, who shall be so petitioned, a true Copy of

the Schedule, containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her real and personal Estate, to be sworn

to at the first or second General Quarter Session next ensuing after every such Petition, or some Adjourn-

ment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff pr

Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any such Prison within the JurifJi&ion of any such Justice or

Justices, to bring before the Justices at the first or second next General Quarter Session or General Session

of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held, as the Cafe shall happen to be, next after the Ex-

piration of ten Days from the Date of such Warrant, for such respective County, Riding, Division, City,

Town, Place, or Liberty, the Body of any Person being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrant

or Warrants of his or her Detainer, together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes which he,

(he, or they, is or are charged with in any such Gaol or Prison as aforesaid, at the Time aforesaid; for

which Copy or Copies of Cause or causes such Prisoner shall apply to the said Gaoler or Keeper of such

Prison, or to the Clerk of the Papers, or other Person who shall make out and transcribe the fame, at least

fix Days before the Time of his or her Discharge; and such Prisoner shall pay for the fame the Sum of two

Shillings, and no more, for making out, transcribing, and signing the fame; which Warrant of every

such Justice or Justices, every such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Gaoler or Keeper, is and are hereby commanded

to obey.

VII. And be it also enabled, That the Copy of every Schedule, which shall be left with any such Juf-

tice or Justices, shall, within ten Days after the fame shall be so left, be transmitted, by the Justice or

Justices with whom the fame shall be so left, to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer

acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which

the fame shall have been so left, there to remain and be inspected, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall

require, by any Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall desire to insped the fame.

VIII. And be it also enabled, That every such Justice or Justices who shall refuse or omit, for the Space

oftqn Days, to transmit the Copy of the Schedule, so left with him as aforesaid, to the Clerk of the Peace,

Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City,

Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the fame shall have been so left, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit

and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; which shall and may be sued for and recovered, in any of his Majesty's

Courts of Record at Westminster, by A£lion of Debt, together with Costs of Suit, in the Name of any

Person who shall prosecute for the fame; and one Moiety of which Money forfeited shall, when recovered,

- go to the Party who prosecutes for the fame; and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish in

which the Offence shall be committed.

, IX., And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who were set at large, and fur-

rendered or tendered themselves to be surrendered, as aforesaid, and who shall be desirous of taking the

Benefit of this Act, shall, before the Publication of the first Notice herein-after required, deliver to the

Clerk of the Peace, or Person acting as Cletk of the Peace, or Town Clerk, or Person atfting as Town

Clerk, for the County or City in which the Prison is situated from whence such Person or Persons was or

were set at large, or to which he or she was surrendered or tendered to be surrendered, as aforesaid, a true

Copy of the Schedule containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her real and personal Estate,

to \>e sworn to at the first or second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or some Adjournment

thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Debtor and Debtors, who shall interid to apply to be

discharged and exonerated under this Act as aforesaid, shall first cause public Notice to be inserted in three

several London Gazettes, previous to such General Quarter Session or General Session, or the Adjourn-

ment thereof, at which such Application shall be made, if such Debtor or Debtors be confined in, or were

set at large from, or surrendered or tendered to be furrjendered to, any Gaol in L!ondony or within the

Vqi.XIV. Part I. Q_ . weekly

Per fort* inserted

in the Lids, who

were ftt at large

as aforesaid, and

who surrendered

before Sept, j,

1780, Ac.

and conforming

to this Adf, /ball

be discharged.

Justices, on Pe-

tition of any

Prisoner, and hi»

delivering a

Schedule of bit

Estate,

may issue their

Warrant for

bringing him to

the Quarter

Siflione, Ac.

with the War-

rant of his De-

tainer, Ac.

Schedule of the

Prisoner's Estate

to be tranhnit-

ted to the Clerk

of the Peace,

for InspeAion of

Creditors.

Any Justice,

omitting for tfn

Days to tri»fi*it

a Copy of the

Schedule to the

Clerk of the

Peace, &c. shall

forfeit 101,

All Persons set

at large as a fore*

Did, who would

take the Benefit

cf this Act, mufb

deliver to the

Cletk of the

Peace, Sec. be-

fore Publication

of the first No-

tice, a Schedule

ot their Eftme.

Debtors intend-

ing to petition

for rheir DiD

charge, are to

ftive previous

Notice thriJe in

the Gatctte, Ac.

