A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III.

C. 49.

343

Perf >n? frpudum

icr-tly cvad;ng

the Duties,

4 X- And, in order to prevent, as far as njay be, any Evasion of the aforesaid Duties on Receipts/ be it

further enabled, That the whole Sum for which any Receipt shall be given, shall be really and bona fide in-

ferted in such Receipt; and that all and every Person and Persons who shall give or accept any Receipt or

Acquittance, in which a less Sum shall be expressed therein than the Sum actually received, with an Intent

fraudulently to evace the said Duties, or either of them; or shall separate or divide the Sum actually paid

or received into divers Receipts, with Intent to evade the said Duties, or either of them; or shall be guilty

of, or concerned in, any fraudulent Contrivance or Device whatsoever, with Intent or Dtfign-to defraud

his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or either of them, imposed upon Receipts

by this Act} every such Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered as to forfeit 20I.

herein-after is directed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Receipts ip which the Sum mentioned therein shall be expressed

to be in full, or as a Satisfaction of all Demands, and all general Acknowledgments of Debts or Demands

being discharged, shall be deemed and taken fco,be Receipts for above the Sum of twe nty Pounds, within the

Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall be liabletothe Stamp-duty of Four-pence hereby imposed.

c XII. And, for ascertainirg by whom the said Stamp-duties htrein-before granted shall be payable/be it

further enacted, That the Duty hereby granted on any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note,

shall be paid by the Person or Persons giving the fame; and the Doty hereby granted on any Receipt, shall

be paid by -the Person or Persons giving the fame; and the Duty hereby granted on any Receipt, shall be

Bid by the Person or Persons by whom *be fame shall be required; except such Receipts as shall be for

oney paid to any Person or Persons in respect of any Salary, Penfton, Debt, or other Sum payable from

his Majesty to such Person or Persons, in which Cafe the Duty on such Receipt shall be paid by the Person

or Persons giving the fame.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effectually levying and collecting the

-said Duties herein before granted, the fame shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners

for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper;

ft r which Purpose they, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ the rte-

Axflary Officers under them, and to use and provide such Stamps for the said several Duties as (bail be re-

quifue in that Behalf, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act into Execution

with relation to the said Duties, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner, as they, or the major Part

of them, are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment,

and Paper.

4 XIV. And, for the better feeuring the said Stamp-duties hereby imposed/ be it further enacted, That all

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, upon which any such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note,

Draft, or Order, Receipt, or other discharge, given for the Payment of Money, shall be ingrossed or writ-

ten, shall, before the fame shall be ingrossed or written, be brought to the Head Office for damping and

marking of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and the said Commissioners, by themselves or their Officers,

shall, from Time to Time, stamp or mark, as this Act directs, any Quantities of Vellum, Parchment, er

Paper, upon Payment of the said Duties: And if any such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other

Note, Draft, or Order, Receipt, or other Discharge given for the Payment of Money, so hereby directed

to be damped, shall not be marked or damped as by this Act is directed, or shall be marked or damped for

a lower Duty than as aforesaid, no such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Or-

der, Receipt, or other Discharge, shall be pleaded and given in Evidence in any Court, or admitted in any

Court to be good or available in Law or Equity.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all undamped Receipts, in which any Sum of Unfttmped Re-

Money, nor amounting to two Pounds, shall be expressed, and which shall (by the Insertion of the Words, ceipttuD^er % j.

In full of all Demands, or otherwisej be given as a general Acknowledgment of all Debts or Demands being Ev^enec^but11

discharged, may be pleaded or given in Evidence, and may be available in Law for such Sum so expressed, Acknow-

but not as a general Acknowledgment of all Debts or Demands being discharged. ledgments of all

Demands being discharged.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Receipts, impressed with a Stamp of Two- Twopenny

P^nce, in which any Sum of Money, amounting to two Pounds, and not amounting to the Sum of twenty

Pounds, shall be expressed, and which shall (by the Insertion of the Words, In full of all Demands, or

otherwisej he given as a general Acknowledgment of all Debts or Demands being discharged, maybe

pleaded or given in Evidence, and may be available in Law for such Sum so expressed# but not as a general

Acknowledgment of all Debts or Demands being discharged.

therein.

4 XVII. And whereas a great Number of Stamps, for the Value of Three-pence, may, under the said BMt,&c. mark*

recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, have been already provided and impressed upon Sheets or ed already with

Pieces of Paper, intended for Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes, which said Bills of Ex-

1 change, and Notes, may have been printed from Copper Plates provided for that Purpose: And whereas

x it might be a very great Inconvenience and Loss to Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, to have such

Stamps cancelled, and to provide others of the Denomination required by this Act / be it therefore fur-

ther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Stamp-dutie9,

where Bills of Exchange, or Promissory or other Notes, shall by this Act require a Stamp of Six-pence

only, to mark an additional Stamp of Three-pence to the Stamp of Three-pence already impressed on the

fame, under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament; and such Bill of Exchange, Promissory

and other Note, so damped with the two several Stamps of Three-pence and Three-pence, shall be con-

fidered as good and valid as if the fame had been damped or marked with one Stamp of Six-pence, as herein-

before directed, and shall have the fame Force and Effect in Law or Equity; any Thing herein-before

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Y y a XVIII. AtuL

Receipt! in full

to pay 4 d.

Duty on Bills of

Exchange, See,

to be paid by the

Drawer crGiver.

Duty cn Receipt*

to be paid by tht^

Persons requir-

ing them. See,

Management of

the Duties to be

under the DU

region of tbt

Commissionera

of Stamps.

All Vellum#

Paper, 6cc. to fee

stamped before

any Promissory

Mote. Sec. shall

be written thert-

oo.

Stamps on Re-

ceipts for 2 1.

and under iol.

may be given in

Evidence for the

Sum esprefled

Threepenny

Sump, shall

have another

added thereto;

Ibogle

