THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Vicesimo Tertio GEORGII III. Regis.

c \ T the Parliament begun and Holden at Westminster, the Thirty-first Day of October, Anno Domini

4 AA 1780, in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by

4 JL JL the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland\ King, Defender of the Faith, £sV.

4 And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to tjte fifth Day of December^ 17825 being the

4 third Session of the fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain

CAP. I.

An Act to permit the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Flour, Barley, and

all Sorts of Corn, Grain, and Meal, upon Payment of the low Duties therein mentioned,

for a limited Time.

\ T WHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, Preamble.

An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, ReciU| of jj

4 Thar, from and after the fii ft Dav of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, whenever Geo. UI. cap,’

the Price of middling British Wheat, at the Ports and Places where Wheat shall be imported into 43«

4 this Kingdom, shall appear, according to the Methods directed by the several Acts of Parliament fqr

4 ascertaining the Rates and Prices of Corn and Grain imported, or as therein-after directed, to be at qr

4 above forty-eight Shillings per Quarter; or whenever the Price of middling British Rye, Pease, or Bean$,

4 shall, in like Manner, appear respectively to be at or above thirty-two Shillings per Quarter \ or when.-

4 ever the Price of middling British Barley, Beer, or Bigg, shall, in like Manner, appear respectively to bp

4 at or above twenty-four Shillings per Quarter; or whenever the Price of middling British Oats shall,‘ in

4 like Manner, appear to be at or above sixteen Shillings per Quarter; all Customs and Duties payable

4 respectively upon Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Peas, Beans, Barley, Beer, Bigg, and Oats, imported into

4 this Kingdom, shall respectively cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable, during the respec-

4 tive Continuance of such respective Prices as aforesaid; and, in lieu of the former Duties, a Duty of only

4 Sixpence per Quarter shall belaid upon all Wheat; and a Duty of Two-pence for every hundred Weight

4 of Wheat Flour; and aJDuty of Three-pence per Quarter shall be laid respectively upon all Rye, Peal'?,

and Beans; and a Duty of Two-pence per Quarter shall be laid respectively upon all Barley, Beer, and

4 Bigg; and a Duty of Two-pence per Quarter shall be laid upon all Oats imported into such Ports and

4 Places, during the Continuance of the Prices aforesaid: And whereas it may be expedient to permit the

4 Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Flour, Barley, and all Sorts of Corn, Grain, and Meal,

4 upon Payment of the said last-mentioned Duties, for a limited Time ;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after From Dec. *5,

the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, it shall and may be lawful 178a, Wheat,

for any Person or Persons to import, into any Part of Great Britain, any Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Wheat Flour,

Flour, Bariev, and all Sorts of Corn, Grain, and Meal, from any Country or Place Whatsoever, in any jBri- &c* *L« ’T"

tish Ship or Vessel legally navigated, or in any foreign Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in orneutralVef-

Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, navigated by foreign Seamen, upon Payment of the fcU, upon Pay-

several and respective Duties last mentioned, together with the additional Duties of five Pounds per Centum^ rarnt of the Du-

and five Pounds per Centum upon the said Duties; such Duties to be levied, collected, paid, and applied in ?ic’ ment,oned

the same Manner as the former Duties were before the making of this Act; and such Wheat, Wheat Flour,

Rye, Rye Flour, Barley, and all Sorts of Com, Grain, or Meal, shall, in all other Respects not altered the twoaddi-

by this Act, be subject and liable to the same Rules and Regulations as the fame now are or may be liable tionai 5perCentt

to by Law; any Act or Acts of Parliament made for regulating the Importation of Corn or Grain, or any on Duiic*.

Restriction, Provision, Regulation, or other Matter or Thing in the fame Acts contained, to the contrary

in any wise potwithstanding,

Vol. XIV. Parc III. P p

* ’by

