64. C. 4,7.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 178c.

Method of raif-

ing Money for

pr.ii'g, roa-r-

hvjj. cieanf:nj,

and lighting.

Limitation -of

Mnniei to be

Uifed,

All Artean due

to Contrail'rs,

&c. to be p«tid.

Manner of re-

covering Kates.

The lTniverfjty

to pay their Pro-

portion.

Tbt UnWe'fity

to ascertain the

Sum they ad-

judge to be the

Qn. u of each

‘College or Hall.

Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions, which are set forth and contained in the said former A<3, with

respect to paving and repairing the Uid Roads, Streets, and Ways, contained in the said first Schedule.

4 X. And whereas Power is given to the Comnnflioners, by the taid former Act, to make Rates or

6 Assessments for defraying the Charges of paving, repairing, cleansing* and lighting, at a cerium Sum

4 by the Yard, Running Measure, of the Fronts or Lengths of the Bui dings and Places liable t<» be rated;

1 which Mofie of Raring proves to he inequitable :* be it therefore turther enacted, 1 hat the Powers and

Directions given by the («id Act to raile Money by the Running Measure as aforcfaiJ, (lull be, and is

hereby repealed; and tint from and aller the passing of ih>s Act. the Monies ncci-fury for defraying the

Charges and Jtxpuices of paving, pitching and repairing, and cltJrfing and lighring the Itveral public

Streets, Lanes, Ways, Pallagf-s, ar.d Places witnm the said L'niverfrv, City, and Suburbs, and Par.(h

of Saint dement, /lull be jailed in M inner following; that is to (ay, Tnc said Commissioners, or any

seven or more of them, shall annually, or oftener, afeert. in, ac a public Meeting to be held lor that Pur-

pose, the Monies they shall judge necessary to be raised for th- respective Purposes of paving, pitching,

and repairing, and also for the Purpose of cieaniing an \ lighting; and shall, within two Days atter any

such Sum (lull be ascertained and agreed upon, give Notice ih-rcof, (pcviiying the bum or Sums to the

Vice*chancellor or the said University, in Writing, under the H inds of any seven or more of th m, to be

delivered to him, or left at his Place of Abode; two fifth Parts of which r ipcltive Sums, ca^h such Sum

into five equal Parts to be divided, shall be paid by or on Account of the said University in Manner herein-

after mentioned; and the other three fifth Parts shall be tailed by Rate^ <*r AIK Jlments to be made by the

said Commissioners, or any (even or more of them, in M inner folio wo g; chat is to say, the respective

Rates for new paving and pitching shall be laid by a Pound-rate upon me Owners or Proprietors of all

Houses, Buildings Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, tituate within the public

Streets, Lancs, Ways, PaflagC9, and Places, to be pived and pitched by virtue of th* find former Act and

this Act; and that the Rate or Allelfment foi repairing, cieanling, and lignong, (lull be laid by a Pound-

rate upon the Tenants or Occupiers of all Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gaidcns, Lands, 'I tnenums,

and Hereditaments, in the said Unuerfuy, City, and Suburb* thcicof, and the said Parish of Saint

Clement,

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That the Whole of the Money to be

ascertained by virtue of this Act for the Purpose of new paving and prehing, shall he so limited, tfut the

Proportion of the three fifth Parts of the AlKflmtm to he laid upon the Owners and Proprietors ot Houses,

Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall not exceed the Sum of one

Shilling in the Pound in any one Year, of the yearly Rent or yea rly Val ue of lucii Houses, Buildings

Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, resprctively: And that the W h< Ie of the

Monies to be ascertained for the Purpose of repairing the Pavements, and defi ling and lighting the

Streets, Lanes, Ways, Paliages, and Places, within the said Umverfity, City, and Suburbs, and Parish

of Soint Clement, shall be so limited, that the Proportion of the A (Kliments to be laid upon the Oct upiers

of Houses, Buil lings. Yards, Gardens, Lands, 'Lenements, and Hereditaments, (lull noc exceed the

Sum of one Shilling in the Pound in any one Year, so; the Purpose of repairing th- Pavements; nor the

Sum of one Shilling in the Pound in any one Year, for the Purpose of cieaniing and lighting, of the yearly

Rent or yearly Value of such Houses, Buildings, Yarb$, Gjidcns, Lands Tenements, and Heredita-

ments, respectively.

XII. And be it further enacteJ, That all Arrears of Money due at the Time of pa.Tirg this Act, or

before this Act shall be begun to be put in Execution, to any Penon or Persons, for or on account of

cleansing er lighting, are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid out of the Monies to aiife by the Rates

to be made by virtue of this Act for tfcofc Purposes.

‘XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Arrears of Rates made by virtue of the said form: r A3, which

shall remain unpaid at the Time of collecting the first Rates made by virtue of ths A '\% (hull and may

be collected and recovered by the Person and persons appointed to collect the Rates under this Act; and

that the several and respective Rates by this Act authoriicd t<* be made, Pull be H owed and ligned by two

Justices of the Peace for the said City or Univdrfi y, and dial I and may m.* collected, recovered, and le-

vied, in such and the same Manner, and under the several and rcipedive Powers, Piovilions, Regulations,

and Rtftriflions, as are by the said former Act provided and enacted, with relpeci to the Rales and At-

ft(Tments thereby laid upon Htiufes, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or He re iiraments.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Chancellor, MafLrs, and Scholars of the said Univerfiry of

Oxford, shall, and they are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, the; um which shall have been

ascertained as the Proportion of any Rate or Rates nruT by virtue of this Act, to be paid on Account and

Behalf of the said Univcifity; and in cHe the said Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars, Hull neglect or

omit, after any such Account shall have been delivered to, or left for the said V ic^-chancellor, to payor

cause to be paid, to the Treasurer or Clerk or Clerks to the said Commifli -neis, on L> rrund, the Amount

of the Proportion so charged upon the University; then the Vice-chain e’iur t< r the Time Ring shall be,

and is hereby deemed and mane liable to pay the Lid Proportion of two ft th Pa ts of each Ali Ml nent by

this Act charged upon the said Uni'erfity; and the fame, and.every Part thereof, may and fti-ll here-

covered of and from him, by such Ways and Means as are by the said Act prefenbed for Recovery of

Rates or Assessments laid upon any College or H. l).

XV. ProvjJed always, 'That the said Chancellor, Mafiers, and Scholars, mav, and they are hereby

imuowered and required, from Time to Time, to ascertain the Sum which they thali adjudge to be rhe

Quota of each College and Hdl, to make up the said two filth Parts, and may make a R »te or R^tes »m

each such College and Hall for the fame; which may be sued for in the Name of the Vice-chancellor,

and recovered of the Burfars or other Officers, by the Ways and Means mentioned and on scribed by the

said former Act, with respcdl to the Rates and Aulflments thereby laid upon College* and Halls.

4 XVI. And

Googh

