314 C. 21—23. Anno vicesimo tert’10 Georgii i III. A.D. 1783.

Preamble«

Buonty to be

paid on Export-

ation of British

and Irish Buck-

rams and Til-

lettings, 8c c,

piinted, stained,

or dyed in Great

Biittin.

19 Geo. IK

«*»P* 15.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irt/h Buckrams and

Tillettings, British and Irish Linens, Brili/h Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with

Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain.

WHEREAS the Manufacture of Linen, Callicoes, and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen,

and the printing, painting, flaining, and dying thereof, would be greatly improved, and the Ex-

portation thereof to Foreign Parts considerably increased, if a Bounty was allowed on the Exportation of

4 all British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons,

4 or Cotton mixed with Linen, of a certain Value, printed, painted, (Lined, or dyed, in Great Britain:f

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enafteJ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be given and paid, with-

out any Fee, Reward, or Deduction whatsoever, a Bounty for every YarJ of British and Irish Buckrams

and Tillettings, and for every Yard of British or Irish Linen, and of British Callicoes and Cottons, or

Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain, of the Breadth of twenty-

five Inches or more, which, before the printing, painting, (Lining, or dying thereof, shall be under the

Value of Five-pence per Yard, the Sum of one Halfpenny; and of the Value of Five-per.ce per Yard, and

under the Value of Six* pence per Yard, the Sum of one Penny; and of the Value of Six-pence per Yard,

and not exceeding the Value of Eighteen- pence per Yard, the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny; which, from

and after the patting of this Act, until the twenty-eighth Day of Alarch, one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-four, shall be exported out of Great Britain, to Mr tea, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, or

the East Indies, in the same Manner, and under the like Provisions, Conditions, Limitations, Penalties,

and Forfeitures, as are mentioned and contained in an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his late

Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens ex-

ported; and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Tarns made of Flax), touching the

Bounties thereby given upon the Linens therein mentioned to be exported.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of

Protestant Purchasers.

44 Preamble. Act 3 Geo. I. recited. Deeds and Wills of Papifts, Gfc. made since Sept. 29, 1717, to be good

44 in Law, ifinrolled before Sept. 1, 1783. This Act not to extend to Deeds, SsV. the Validity whereof

44 has been brought in question before Jan. 1, 1783. Purchases made by Protestants not to be avoided, on

44 account of the Title-deeds not having been inrolled, tftc. This Act not to make good any Grant of the

44 Right of Prelentation to any Benefice, &c. in Trust for any Papist.”

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to prevent Prisoners in the King's Bench Prison, or the Rules thereof, or their Fami-

lies or Servants, gaining Settlements in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the

Borough of Southwark, and County of Surrey; and for the Relief of the said Parish, with

respect to the Families of Prisoners in the said King's Bench, or the Marshalsea Prilbnf or

in the County Gaol, or House of Correction belonging to the said County; for regulating

the Manner of chusing Overseers of the Poor; and for appointing Collectors of the Poor’s

Rates, within the said Parish.

of

Prisoners »n

frier at Frilor.s

Jjr-com'* ch^ge-

sM<r to ihc P*-

*i&.

The New Gaoly and thr House of Correction for the said County, called The New Bridctuell: And whereas

the Rule*; of the said King's Bench Pnfon extend over the Whole of the said Parish, except a small Part

4 thereof j and great Numbers of Prisoners are permitted to live out of the said Prison, but within the said

4 Rules; mjny of whom, with large Families, and in distrerted Circumhances, rent Houses, or Parts of

4 Houses, or Lodgings ready-fur ni(l»ed, which making them liar.lc to be rated, and to pay Parish Rates and

4 Taxes, they would thereby gain Settlements, and many of which Prisoners and their Families have be-

4 come chargeable to the said Parish, anu of course heavy and grievous Burthens on the Inhabitants: And

4 whereas many Persons gain Settlements in the said Parrlh, by living as yearly hired Servants with Prison-

4 ers refidirg within the said Prison, or the said Rules, several of which Servants being Women of bad Cha-

4 rafter, become, together with their Bastard Children, chargeable to the said Parish: And whereas the

4 Families of Persons being Prisoners in the Marjhulfea Prison, County Gaol, or House of Correction, are

4 frequently sent from the said Prisons sick, or otherwise di/tretted, to the Overseers of the Poor of the said

4 Parish, for Relief, and are by them supported, and, when able, removed to their respective -Places of:

4 Settlement, if the fame can be found out; which brings many heavy Expences on the said Parish, some

4 of such PLccs of Settlement having proved to be at very ereat Distances from the said Parish: And

J whereas the several extraordinary Expences before mentionea greatly enhance the Distrcfs of the said Pa-

' rlih,

