A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III.

C. 38. 339

US*

10«

fcS

ft

til

‘.ft

1-

w and Money for Damages, to be ascertained separate. Upon Payment or Tender of Monies, Proprietors

44 to enter to make Canal and collateral Cut. Verdins to be recorded, and Land to become vested io the

44 Company. Purchase-monies to be laid out to the same Uses. Commissioners to settle the Proportions

u of the Money to be paid to the several Persons interested. Clause for Recovery of Purchase-money for

€€ Lands. The Company not to enter upon Land without Consent of Occupiers, if Owner out if the King-

€t dom, or under any Disability to act. Persons destroying the Works shall be adjudged guilty of Felony,

u Proprietors may raise 130,000/. among themselves. Application thereof. The Money to be rai ed to

44 be divided into 1,300 Shares, at ico/, each. Shares deemed personal Estate. If 130^00/. not sufficient,

44 Company may borrow 6o,oeo/.; and assign the Navigation, t$c. as a Security. Form of Alignment.

44 Assignments to be entered into a Book ; and may be transferred. Form of Transfer. T ransfers to be

44 entered by the Clerk. The Interest of the Money borrowed to be first paid. 3 per Cent. to be paid to

44 the Proprietors, till the Works are completed. Subscribers to have a Vote for every Share by them-

44 selves or Proxies. General Assemblies for chusing a Committee. Committee subject to controul of

44 General Assembly. Books to be kept. General Assemblies to confiftof ;oo Shares. Power of General

u Assemblies. Subscriber forfeiting his Share, shall have personal Notice, and the Forfeiture mail be

ic declared at a General Assembly. General Assemblies may make Bye-laws. On the Death of Subscrib-

44 ers before Share completed, Executors may do it. Shares may be disposed of After a Call, no Share

M to be sold till the Money paid. Form of the Sale. Officers to be appointed. The Clerk’s Duty. Pro-

44 ceedirtgs of the Commissioners to be entered in a Book; and to be admitted as Evid nee. Rates al-

“ lowed to be taken, viz. For Tonnage and Wharfage upon Coal, between the Stroud Canal and Sapper-

44 /<7H.Tunnel, one Shilling and Three-pence per Ton; between the Weft End of Sapperton Tunnel and

44 Cirencester% one Shilling per Ton; and between the Cirencester Branch at Siddington and Leach lade ^ two

44 Shillings per Ton: And for Iron, SaltOres, Salt Rock, Lime-stone, Chalk, Crates of Potteiy, Crates

44 of Black Glass, Timber, Flint, Brick, Stone, Clay, Copper, Brass, and Tin, and Tin Plates, Lead,

14 Spelter, and Pot Metal, Window Glass, and Plate Glass, Two-pence per Ton per Mile: And Three-

44 pence per Ton per Mile upon all other Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever; and so in Proportion for

44 any greater or less Quantity than a 7'on, or any greater or less Distance than a Mile. Rates how to be

44 recovered. Further Allowance for Goods remaining upon a Wharf above 24 Hours. Matters of Boats to

44 give an Account in Writing to the Collectors of the Particulars of the Goods ; on Penalty of 10 j. per

44 Ton. What Quantity of Timber shall be deemed a Ton. In case of Difference concerning the Weight of

44 Goods, Collectors may weigh them, iffc. Power to the Proprietors to regulate and fix the Price*of small

44 Parcels, under 10clb. Weight. Navigation to be free upon Payment of Tolls. Boats of less Burden

44 than the Thames and Severn. Boats not to pass without Leave. A Clause allowing the Owners of

44 Lands to use Peafure Boats on the Canal. From such Time as the new intended Canal shall be com-

14 pleted from IVallhridge to the Distance of one hundred and fifty Yards above the high Road which erodes

44 the Line of the said new Canal, at Brimfcambe, (at which Spot there will be a Bridge over the said new

44 Canal), in Manner diffident for the Pa(Lge of Boats, and for so long Time as the fame Canal shall be

44 so continued, the Proprietors of the Stroudxvater Navigation, shall, in lieu of the present Rates, demand

44 the following, viz. For Coal carried from the Commencement of the Navigation at the River Severn, to

44 the Termination at IVallhridge, and puffing from thence into the said new Canal, and going thereon any

44 Distance not further than one hundred and fifty Yards above the aforesaid Road, two Shillings and

44 Three-pence per Ton ; but for Coal g dng more than one hundred and fifty Yards above the said Road,

44 and not afterwards returned back again below the said Boundary of one hund ed and fifty Yards from

44 the said Road, one Shilling per Ton, in lieu of the said two shillings and Three Pence per Ton ; but if

41 at any Time such Coals or Meichandife, having paid the one Shilling per Ton only to the Stroud Canal

44 Company, shall be landed at any Place between IVallhridge and the Distmce of one hundred and fifty

44 Yards above the said Road at Brimfcombe, or shall be so brought back again from above the Lid Boun-

44 dary of one hundred and fifty Yards from the said Road, then five Shillings per Ton shall be paid to the

44 Stroud Canal Company, by the Matter of the Boat, out of which such Coals or Merchandize shall be so

44 landed or returned.—For Flint, Brick, Stone, Clay, Chalk, Salt Oies, Salt Rock, and Lime-stone,

14 passing from the said Stroudwater Navigation into the new Canal, and going thereon more than one hun-

44 dred and fifty Yards above the said Road, and not afterwaids returned back again below the Lid Boun-

44 dary of one hundred and fifty Yards from the said Road, or going out of the said new Canal into the

I44 Stroudwater Navigation, and having previously at any Time patted along any Part of the said new Canal

44 above the said Boundary of one hundred and fifty Yards from the said Road, one Halfpenny person per

44 Mile; and for Timber, Black Glass Bottles, and Phials, and Crates of Pottery, one Penny per Toa

44 per Mile; and for Iron Callings, and Wrought Iron, and all other Goods and Merchandizes whatfo-

44 ever, one Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity

\ 44 than aTon, or any greater or less Distance than a Mile ; hut for any of such enumerated Articles, or

> \ u of such other Goods or Merchandize passing from the said Stroudwater Navigation into the said new

' 44 Canal, and not going thereon further than one hundred and fifty Yards above the said Road, or going

44 out of the said new Canal into the said Stroudwater Navigation, and not having previously at any Time

44 passed along any Part of the said new Canal above the said Boundary of one hundred and fifty Yards from

44 the said Road, two Shillings and Three-pence p*rTon, in lieu of such several Rates before mentioned.

44 Free Communication between the intended Canal and the River Severn, on Payment of the Rates*

44 Rates to be taken by the Thames and Severn Company in consequence of the above, viz. For Coal car-

44 Fted upon the Stroudwater Navigation, from the Commencement thereof at the River Severn to the Tcr-

“ mination at IVallhridge, and patting from thence into the new Canal, and going thereon no further than

one hundred and fifty Yards above the aforesaid Road, one Shilling and Three-pence per Ton ; but for

Coals going more than one hundred and fifty Yards above the said Road, and not after wards returned

44 back

. .  Vo

