Self. i.

440

Yearly Meet-

ing* of the

'f ruAces,

Heritor! may

chuse Commit-

tees to oversee

the R' pairs of

the Roads*

Committees to

account to the

Hc/iiori.

Statute Service

and Conversion,

to be applied to

Repairs of the

Roads in the

Pari/h where it

is raised.

Priviso relative

to the Applica-

tion of Conver-

Jjon Money*

Appeal to the

Quitter Sef-

fi JflS,

Money levied

for partial Defi-

ciencies in Pa-

ri/hes, how to

he applied.

Penalty cn

Oveifccis ne-

glecting to give

in thcii Ac-

counts.

Heritors may

exact kfs Work

or Money than

oue.

Pitches to be

Icourcd.

Persons aggriev-

ed may appeal to

the Justices at

their Quarter

Seiluns.

C. 18. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Heritors aforesaid, in their several Pa*

rishes, shall also meet on the first Tuesday of Jpril yearly* in order to ascertain and determine what Roads

are necessary to be repaired in the said Paiilhes for that Year; to fix what Part of the Statute-work in each

Parish is to be exacted in Service, and what Part thereof in Money; to make such Allocations of the

Act 11 al Service, and such Appropriation of the Money, as to them (nail seem expedient for making the

said Repairs; and in case any of the said Heritors, Tenants, and others, shall think themselves lefed by

the Resolutions of the Meeting, it shall be lawful for them, or any of them, to appeal to the next General

Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorised and impowered fumrnarily to hear and determine the Matter

in Dispute, and whose Judgement shall be final.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Heritors aforesaid, in the several

Parishes, (hal] on the same Day chuse Committees of their own Number, or such other residing within

the Parishes as they shall think proper, to have the general Oversight and Direction of the Repairs, on

each of the several Roads to be repaired, for the ensuing Year, who shall have Power to draw on the

Collector for the Sums appropriated for each Road; and it shall be lawful for them to appoint Overseers

under them, to attend and direct the Repairs, who shall be allowed a suitable Gratification for their

Trouble.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Committees to be appointed by

the Heritors as above, shall be obliged annually to make up an exact Account of the whole Money levied

and expended on the Highways in each Parish, which Accounts, with the Vouchers thereof, (nail be

annually laid before the Justices of the Peace, convened at their Quarter Sessions in the Month of March%

to be examined by them, or such of their Number as they shall appoint, and Abstracts thereof to be re-

corded in the Bo ks kept by the Clerk of the Peace; and in case the Heritors aforesaid of any Parish shall,

at any Time, neglect to execute the Powers committed to them by this Act, either by not naming Col*

leftors or Overseers, or by not doing what is neccfl’ary for making the Services effectual as above directed,

then, and in that Cafe, it shall be lawful for any one Heritor in said County to apply to the Justices

of Peace, convened at their General Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorised and required to appoint

Collectors for uplifting the converted Value of the Services in such Parish, for the Year wherein they have

been deficient, and to apply the fame for repairing any other Roads in the next adjoining Parishas to them

{hall seem proper.

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the whole Statute Services in each Parift,

and the Money raised by the Conversion of them, shall be applied to the Roads lying within the Parish,

and under the Direction of the Heritors, and to no other Purpose, unless Three Fourths of the said Heri-

tors, qualified as aforesaid, shall at any Time agree to apply Part thereof to Roads in any other adjoining

Parishes, which it shall be lawful for them to do.

XX. Provided nevertheless, That neither the Statute Services, nor any Part of the Money raised by

the Conversion of the said Services, shall be applied to the Repair of any Road, to the Reparation whereof

the Money leviable by or under* the Statutes now in Force, for making the Turnpike Roads of the faiJ

County, is made applicable by the said Statutes.

XXI. Provided always, That in case any of the said Heritors in the said Parishes shall apprehend that

they are lefed by such Application, it shall be lawful for them to appeal to the next Quarter Sessions,

whose Judgement shall be final.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly declared, That if one Part of a Parish has performed

their Statute-work, ami paid their Composition as aforesaid, and another Part of the Parish has been defi-

cient, then, and in that Event, the Money levied from such Deficients shall be applied in that Part of the

Parish where the Work has been performed, or where the Heritors of/uch Part shall direct.

XXIII. Provided always and it is hereby expressly declared. That if any Overseer shall neglect: to give

in his Accounts, as before directed, he shall be liable to be fined by the Justices, or any two of them of the

said County, in a Sum not exceeding five Pounds Sterling, to be applied upon the Roads as the said Justices

shall direct.

XXIV. Provided always. That it shall be in the Power of the said Heritors within their respective Pa-

fifties, in case the Condition of the Roads do not require the Performance, or the converted Value, of the

whole Statute Services, to exact no more, either in Work or Money, than shall be requisite for maintain-

ing the Roads in suficient Repair.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Ditches have been, or

shall in Time coming be made upon the Side of the Road, the Occupiers of the said Ditches shall be

obliged to keep them scoured; and failing their so doing when required, it (laall and may be lawful for the

Sheriff Deputy, or his Substitute, or for the Justices of Peace, or any two or more of them, to appoint

proper Persons to scour the said Ditches at the Expence of such Occupier; and upon his refusing Payment

of the Expences thereby incurred, it shall and may be lawful for the said Sheriff Deputy, his Substitute,

or for the Justices of Peace, or any two or more of them, to levy such Expence by Distress and Sale, in

the same Manner as is directed for levying the Composition aforesaid.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Per-

son or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act,

and for which no particular Remedy or Method of Relief hath been already hereby directed or appointed,

it shall and may be lawful to and for him, her, or them, to appeal to the Justices of Peace at their next

Genera] Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County; or in case the said Cause of Com-

plaint shall arise within fifteen Days next before such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, then such

Appeal may be to the said Justices at the second General Quarter Sessions for the said County, who are

hereby authorised and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint or

Complaints of any Person or Persons so aggrieved; and if they fee Cause, shall and may, by Order of such

2 (JOO^It^0nS,

