A

T A B L E

O F T H E

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the twenty-second Year of the Reign

of George III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 21 Georgii III.

>• AN Act for further continuing an Act, made in

j-\ the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present

•X JL. Majesty, intituled, An Act to tmpower his Ma-

jejly to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected

of, the Crime of High Treajon, committed in any of his Ma-

Jeffs Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High

Seas, or the Crime of Piracy.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

3. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty cer-

tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for

the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-two.

4. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

5. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine

Forces while on Shore.

6. An Act for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom

complete, during the Time therein mentioned.

7. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the nine-

teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown

Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

8. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of

Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

9. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several

of the Commissioners appointed, by an Act made in the

last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act

made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting

an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be ratjed in Great

Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hun-

dred and eighty-one ; and for appointing other Commis-

sioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned

VoL.XrV. Part II.

Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Par-*

liament, for granting an Aid, to his Majesty by a Land Taxf

to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

10. An Act for the better detaining, and more easy Ex-

change of American Prisoners brought into Great Britain•

11. An Act for allowing further Time to negociate, by In-

dorfement, the Bonds issued in pursuance of an Act,

made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually carrying

into Execution certain Propofols made by the Most Noble

Henry Duke of Buccleugh, the Moss Noble Charles Duke

of Queensberry and Dover, and others, for redeeming the

Annuities granted by the Company of the Bank of Ayr, in

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under

the Firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company.

12. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of

certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-

ments, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, purchased

in pursuance of two Acts of Parliament, ^*ne made in

the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for better securing his Majesty s Docks, Ships, and Stores,

at Plymouth and Sheerness ; and for better defending the

Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Til*

bury Fort; and the other in the twenty-first Year of his

present Majesty’s Reign, for explaining and amending Jo

much of the said Act as relates to toe Security of his Majesty s

Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth; and ro certain

Proprietors and Occupiers of Land at or near Plymouth*

who have sustained any Loss or Damage in Confluence

of the said Acts.

13. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned,

relating to the berter Encouragement of the making of

Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the Encouragement of

the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties

on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties 5

to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the

prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad*

b and

