A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 29—33,

most Excellent -Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said

Right claimed by the People of Ireland to be bound only by Laws enacted by his Majesty and the Parlia*

meflt of that Kingdom, in all Cafes whatever, and to have all Actions and Suits at Law or in Equity,

which may be initituted in that Kingdom, decided in his Majesty’s Courts therein finally, and without

Appeal from thence, shall be, and it is hereby declared to be eftabh/hed and ascertained for ever, and

shall, at no Time hereafter, be questioned or queflionable.

IL And be it further enacted by the Authoriry aforesaid, That no Writ of Error or Appeal shall be re-

ceived or adjudged, or any other Proceeding be had by or th any of his Majesty *$ Courts in this Kingdom,

in any Action or Suit at Law or in Equity, initituted in any of his Majesty’s Courts in the Kingdom of Ire-

land; and that all such Writs, Appeals, or Proceedings, shall be, and they are hereby declared null and

void to al! Intents and Purposes; and th tt all Records, Transcripts of Records or Proceedings, which have

been transmitted from Ireland to Great Britain, by virtue of any Writ of Error or Appeal, and upon which

no Judgment has been given or Decree pronounced before the first D*y of June> one thousand (even hun-

dred and eighty-two, shall, upon Application made by or in behalf of the Party in whose Favour Judgment

was given, or Decree pronounced, in Ireland, be delivered to such Party, or any Person by him authorised

to apply for and receive the fume.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for rendering effectual an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County £/* Norfolk.'

CAP. XXX.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and

to indemnify Justices ol the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifica-

tions within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes ; and to indemnify

Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been

onvtted to be stamped according to Law, or, h iving been stamped, have been lost or mislaid ; and for

allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped ; and to give further Time to such Persons as

have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and

Solicitors.

“ Persons who have onvtted to qualify themselves agreeable to Act 1 Geo. T. Act 13 Car. II. Act 25 Car. IL

ct Act 30 Car. II. Act 8 Gen. I. Act o Geo, II, Act j8 Geo. II. and A;r 6 Geo. Ill before the passing of this

11 Acts anu who shall. on or before Pee. 2;, 178;, qualify themselves, shall be indemnified against For-

feitures. Schoolmasters who h *ve omi»:cd to fuhftri^e the Declaration cf Conformity, as required by

“ an Act, 3 & 4 Car. II. Hi> 11 be inrl mnified, if they subscribe he fame on or before Dec. 2c, 1703. Not

u to indemnify-any Person for any P r.a!»y incurred by neglecting to qualify himself. Not to exempt

<l Justices acting without Lg >1 Q-Mbfi-anon. Persons producing Appointments and Admissions before

11 Dc "'83. fh ft I be corfii'iml, ’and quft 'fieri to act ?s Clerk, Officer, or Member of Corpora-

44 ti ns, &c ma\ enjoy all Ofift. * :nto whir • tn<y have been elected ; and shall be indemnified fnm all

“ Penalties and urnr.H by region of Onuffions. Not to extend to 1 eftore Persons to any Office

<c avoided hv fudgiuetit Perions who fiift) c.iuie Affidavits to be filed before Michaelmas Term, 1-83,

<c are indemnifi* d and difcbaiged from Penalties. Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified,

<c may plead the Genera. Ifluc.”

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for better paving, cleanftne, lighting, and w trhing, the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys*

and Paffiiges, wthin the Panfhof Saint Miry, at Rotherhithe otherwise Redrijfe, in the County of «S«r-

rey, and for removing and preventing Nuiunces and Annoyances therein.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for amending an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for the better Relief and Employment df

the Poor of the Pmish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex ; and for providing a pi oper

Workhouse and Burial Ground for the life of the said Parish ; and for Gpening cei tain Communications^ and

making certain Streets, within the said Parish.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to amend and render more effectual federal Acts passed in the sixth, tenth, fifteenth,

and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal front

the Trent to the Merfev ; and a Branch from the said Canal to Froghall, and a Rail-way

from thence to or near Caldon, in the County Stafford.

* \X / HE R E A S, by an Act, made in the fix>h Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled,

* Vy An Act for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the

1 County of Derby, to the Kiver M'.rfey, at or near Runcorn Gap), certain Persons therein mentioned and

* dftcribed w^re united into one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of T!?e Company of Proprietors

: of the Navigation from the Trent to the Merfcy \ with Power and Authority, at their own Cotts and

4 Charges,

32I

The Right#

claimed by the

People of Ireland

firmly e/Ubliih-

ed.

No Writ of Error

or Appeal from

the Court* in

Ireland, Oiall be

received by any

Court in Great

Britain.

Act of 4 G<*o.

III. for making

a Navigable Ca«

ail from the

Trent to the

Mersey, recited*

