A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III, C. 67. 367

to award and issue out Warrants under his Hand for the levying of such Forfeiture and Penalty upon the

Goods and Chattels of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made of the said Goods and Chattels, if

they {ball not be redeemed within fourteen Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the JnHJcemty

said Justice, where he {hall fee Cause, to mitigate or lessen any such Forfeiture or Penalty as he (ha 11 tigate Penalties,

think fit; reasonable Cuffs to the OfSceis and Informers being always allowed over and above such Mi-

tigation, and so that such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to left than a Moiety of the Penalties

incurred over and above the Colts.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Bill, Plaint, or Information, {hall be brought Offence* corni-

er sued forth in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVijlmini'hr, for any Offence against this Act, byjustice*

touching or concerning the Duties hereby granted for or upon any Waggons, Wains, or Carts, in Cafes

where such Offences are cognizable by any Justice or Justices of the Peace. wLftminfor.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Writ or Writs of Certiorari shall superfede Writ* of Cen 10-

Execution, or other Proceedings, upon any Order or Orders made in pursuance of this A cl; but Exe- rari net to surer-

cution and other Proceedings shall and may be had and made thereupon, any such Writ or Writs, or fcieProceeding*

Allowance thereof, notwithstanding. under this Act.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties mentioned in this A& (all Distribution of

necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being fiift deduced) {hall be divided and distributed, one Forfeiture*.

Moiety thereof to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to

such Per Ion and Persons who {ball inform and sue for the same.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Cafe, where the Duty or Duties Clauserelativet«

required by this Act to be paid by any Person chargeable with the fame, {hall be paid, and Entry made Payment of Du-

as afore said, before any Information laid of such Entry or Payment not having been made, although not and

ftricily within the Time for that Purpose mentioned, no Person having made such Payment and Entry ntry*

{hall be prosecuted for not having made such Payment and Entry wilhin the Time limited by this Act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person, having made due Entry and if any Person

Payment of the Duty for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, required by this Act to be li- having paid the

censed, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, {hall die before the End of the Year for which D°ty flidl die

such Entry and Payment {hall be made; in every such Cafe it {hall be lawful for any Person, claiming of?he Yea*the

Title to every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, by, from, or under such deceased Person, Benefit of his

to make Use of such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, for or in respect whereof such Entry Licence AalI be,

and Duty {hall have been made and paid as aforesaid, during the Residue of the Year for which such enjoyed by his

Payment {hall have been made, in like Manner as such deceased Person might have done if living. Reprcfcntative.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties herein-before granted {hall be paid, Duties to be paid

from Time to l ime, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on to the Receiver

damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who shall keep a separate and distin£l Account of the said General of

several Rates and Duties, and pay the fame (the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting him^aid

for the fame, being fiift deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Man- *^to the E^che.

ner, as the Duties now charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are direcded to be paid: qUor,

And in the Office of the Auditor of the Did Pveceipt there {ball be provided and kept a Book or Books,

in which all the Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as

aforesaid, {hall be entered, separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his

Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt Application

of Exchequer as aforesaid, {hall be a Fund for Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other thereof.

Charges and Expences, as are directed to be paid and payable by an Act of this present Session of Par-

liament (intituled, An Act for ralfing a certain Sum of Aloney by way of Annuities and for establishing a

Lottery).

X a. And be it further ena£led, That if any Person or Persons {hall, at any Time or Times, be sued* Person* sued la

molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or Execution of thi*

of any Clause, Matter, or Thing therein contained, such Person or Persons {hall and may plead the Ge- Jlea*

neral Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if, upon the Trial, a cner

Verdidf shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs {hall become nonsuited, and shall be

then such Defendant or Defendants flaall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff entitled to

or Plaintiffs. Treble Costs,

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a Stamp-duty on the Registry of Burials, Marriages*

Births, and Christenings.

1 Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 W E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subje£ls, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

assembled, towards railing such Supplies as are necessary to defray your Majesty’s publick Ex-

pences, do humbly present your Majesty with the Grant of the new Duty herein-after mentioned

and do beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in From m t

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day ,7g3,the follow-

of Oftobery one thousand seven hundred and erghtv-three, there {hall be charged, levied, and paid unto ingDutytobe

and for the Use of his-Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the new Duty followings (that is to say,) - p»'<* to hi* Ma-

Upon the Entry of any Burial, Marriage, Birth, or Christening, in the Register of any Parish, Pre- thT Entry

cintt, or Place in Great Britain, a Stamp-duty of three Pence. of every Burial,

B b b a II. And Muriajej&c.jd.

