357

A.D. 1783. Anno vicdimo tertio Georg 11 III. C. s».

several Acts oF Parliament imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, instead of the

distinct Stamps directed to be provided to denote the several Duties on the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper,

charged therewith, to cause, if they shall fee Occasion, one new Stamp to be provided to denote the said

several Duties, and the additional Duty granted by this Act, on every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or

Sheet or Piece of Paper, charged with the said several Duties.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, liable to the Duties hereby

charged, shall, before the fame shall be ingossed, printed, or written upon, be brought to the Head Oifice

for damping or marking Vellum, Parchment, or Paper} and the said Commissioners, by themselves, or

by their Officers employed under them, shall forthwith, upon Demand to them made by any Person or

Persons from Time to Time, (lamp or mark, as this Act directs, any Quantities or Parcels of Vellum,

Parchment, or Paper, which shall be brought to them for that Purpose ; the Person so bringing the fame

paying, to the Receiver General of the Stamp-duties for the Time being, or his Deputy or Cle/k, the

several Duties payable for the fame by virtue of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the fame Allowance shall be madeonpresent Payment of the several

Duties granted by this Act, and in such Manner, as by any former Law relating to Stamped Vellum, Paich-

ment, and Paper, is directed and allowed.

X. And be it further enacted. That such Stamps as the said Commissioners are hereby directed and au-

thorised to provide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed in such Manner as any other Stamps on

Vellum, Parchntent, or Paper, are, by any former Law relating to Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or

Paper, directed to be altered and renewed ; and that all Persons who shall have in their Custody or Poflef-

fion any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, marked with the Stamp or Mark which shall be so altered or re-

newed, or on which, being already stamped with a Stamp denoting any former Duty, a new Stamp is here-

by directed to be impressed, shall have the like Remedy and Allowance as by any former Law relating to

Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, is in like Cafes directed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counter-

feited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this, or any other Act of

Parliament, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this or any other Act of Parliament granted, or shall

counterfeit or resemble the Impiession of the fame; or shall utter, vend, fell, or expose to Sale, any Vel-

lum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to the said Stamp-duties, with such counterfeit Mark or Impression there-

upon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited; or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or

Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any other Act of Parliament relating to the Stamp-duties,

with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; every reifon so

offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in

Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Distribution of Penal-

ties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things, prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts

of Parliament relating to the Stamp-duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be of full Force and

Effect with relation to the several Duties hereby imposed ; and shall be applied and put in Execution for the

raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said additional and new Duties hereby imposed, according ro

the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had severally

and respectively been hereby enacted, with relation to the said additional and new Duties hereby im-

posed.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That all such Parts of any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to any

Turnpike, Highway, Paving, Road, Bridge, Inclosure, Navigation, or Canal, or any other Matter or

Thing, passed before the fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, as exempt

any Mortgage, Alignment, Transfer, or other Security for borrowing Money, or any Nomination, Con-

trad, Bond, Warrant, Judgement, or other Writing whatsoever liable to "damped Duties, from being

stamped, shall be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Repeal shall not extend to any Trans-

fer of any Public or Government Stocks or Funds; or to any Instruments, Documents, or other, Writings

whatsoever, concerning the Publick Revenue, or Publick Funds; or to any other Writing expressly ex-

empted from the Stamp-duties by any Act of Parliament granting any such Duty or Duties, unJcfs where

such Exemption has been repealed.

XV. And be it further enacted. That the several Duties herein-before granted shall be paid, from Time

to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Time being of the Duties on Stamped Vellum,

Parchment, and Paper, who dial! keep a separate and distinct Account of the several Duties, and pay the

fame (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the fame, being deducted) into the Re-

ceipt of the Exchequer, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned, at such Time, and in such Man-

ner, as any former Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are directed to be paid.

XVI. And be it further enacted. That there shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of

the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Du-

ties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other Monies

paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said

Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other Races,

Duties, and Revenues, as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament for this Purp le,

be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences ar* are directed

to be paid and payable purfuanttoan Ad of this present Session of Parliament (injitukd, An All for raif.ng

a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establifiring a Lottery)%

Vox.. XIV. Part III. A a a XVII. And

Vellum, Parch-

ment, Arc. to be

stumped before

printed or wrote

on, *c.

Usual Allowance

t* be made on

Prompt Pay-

ment.

Stamps may be

altered and re-

newed, Acc.

Person! counter-

feiting Stamps,

or knowingly

vending any such

Counterfoil, to

suffer Death a*

Fc'oni,

Dudes granted

by this A& to be

levied, Arc, as

those under

former Stamp-

acts.

Certain Clauses

in Turnpike and

Navigation Acts,

Arc. repealed.

To what Cafes

the said Repeal

A.a 11 not e&tend.

Duties to be priJ

to Receiver-

General of

blamp-cuties.

A separate Ac-

count thceol to

be kept by the

Awhti r of the

Exchequer,

How r. • be

allied.

Dogle

