A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 48, 211

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be liable to any Prosecution for any Offence Limitation of

ag drift this A#, whereby any pecuniary Penalty shall be incurred, unless such Prosecution shall be com- Action*.

menced within twelve Months after Commi/fion of such Offence; and if any Suit or Action shall be pro-

fecuted in England, against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Per-

son or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give this Act or the special Matter in Evidence, on any General issue;

Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by Authority of this Act; and if a Verdict shall

pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue

nis, her, or their Action or Actions after Issue joined, or if, on Demurrer or otherwise, Judgement shall be

given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have Treble Ccfb.

the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendants have by Law in other Cafes.

XXVII. And be h further enacted, That this Act shall begio to have Force on the twenty-fifth Day of Comrrrrc-Terit

"July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and from and immediately after the Commencement ,hs

thereof, an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of his present MajvftyJ intituled, An Act for licensing and Geo. nr,

regulating Lottery Office Keepers, and also so much of any other Act or Acts made before the present beflion t\>;.. rc-

of Parliament, in respect to the Regulation either of the Keepers of Lottery Offices, or the Sale of Lot-

tery Tickets, shall be, and the fame are hereby repealed; but such Repeal dial 1 not operate upon, or to the

Prejudice of any Action, Suit, or Prosecution, which shall be commenced or depending befoie the Com-

mencement of this Act.

CAP. XLVUL

An Act for charging a Duty on Persons whose Property shall be insured agiinft Loss by

Fire.

From June *4,

1781, a yearly

Duty cf 1 s. 6

to be paid for

every roc 1. in-

filled from Loss

by Fire.

Publick Hospi-

tais not iuble.

The Duty to be

under the Mi-

na geinent of the

Com rrnfiionera

of Stamps,

Mq(1 Gracious Sovereign,

11 \\T E, your Majesty’s m'ft dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament Pieambfc*

4 W assembled, being desirous to raise the Supply granted to, your Majesty in this Session of PaiJia-

ment by Ways the Icait burtbenfome to your Majesty’s Subjetfts, have freely and voluntarily resolved to

4 give and grant unto your Majesty the Duty herein-after mentioned; and do moil humbly beseech your

Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one

thousand Icven hundred and eighty-two, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the

Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heiis and Successors, the yearly Sum

of one Shilling and Sixpence upon every Sum of one hundred Pounds, and so in Proportion for any greater

or less Sum, that is or shall be insured by any Person or Persons in or by any Policy of Insurance for in-

furing Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Property, from Loss by Fire.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein con-

tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge or make liable any Publick Hospital to the Pay-

ment of the Rate or Duty to be laid by virtue of this Act.

4 III. And for the better and more effectual raising, levying, cohering, and paying the said Duty

4 herein-before granted,’ be it further enacted, That the fame shall be under the Government, Care, and

Management of the Commiftioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties payable to his Ma-

jesty, his Heirs and Successors, and charged on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and they, or the

major Part of them, are hereby authorised and required, from Time to Time, to appoint and employ such

Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges, as shall be nectf-

fary; and to do all other Atfts, Matters, and Things, necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execu-

tion, with relation to the said Duty hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they,

or the major Part of them, are or is authorised to put in Execution any of the Laws now in being concern-

ing stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth

Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, no Person or Persons shall publickly or privately

insure, or open or keep any Office for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or

other Property, from Loss by Fire in Great Britain, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose

from the Commiftioners for managing the Stamp-duties, in Manner herein-after mentioned.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to

extend, to exclude the Corporations of the Royal Exchange and London Ajjurance (being chartered Compa-

nies), from afturing Houses, Furniture or Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Property, from Fire,

jo like Manner as they now do, without taking out any Licence for the fame.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the Commis-

sioners for managing the Stamp-duties for the Time being, or the major Part of them, are hereby autho-

rifed and required, under their Hands and Seals to grant a Licence for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods,

Wares, Merchandizes, or other Properry, from Loss by Fire, to all and every Body and Bodies Politick or

Corporate, and Person and Persons applying for the fame; which said Licence shall set forth the Name or

Names and other Description of the Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Person or Persons taking out

the fame, and also the principal House or other Place where such Business of insuring Houses, Furniture*

Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, shall, at the Time of taking

out such Licence, be principally carried on by the Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Person or Per-

fons takine out the fame. "

E c 2 VILyAnd

^.oogie

No Person so

keep ao Jn/u-

ranee Oflice

without a Li-

cence;

The Corpora-

tions ot ihe

Royal Exchange

and London In-

furance,excepted,

Commissioners

are to giant Li-

cence'.

