308

E»Tsflf, kc. of

the Bjnkrupt,

remaining thre*

Ye*r* after the

Date of Sequef*

tration, to be

sold by publick

Auction.

Surplu# of

Debtor* Fftate

to be m>de over

to him.

Bankiupf, with

Concurrence of

Trustee, and

four Fifths of

Creditors, may,

before the filial

Distribution,

apply to the

Court for per-

fonal Protection

from Dtliigence.

And, with the

fame Concur-

rence, after the

second Dividend,

may petition the

Court to be dif-

chnged of his

Debts, so far as

they affect his

Pnfon, or his

fu ure prrfonal

Eflite,

Soeh Discharge

not to protect

any heritable

Property, or

Equipage, he

may acquire be-

so e his Debts

are paid.

Allowances to

beroadttoBank-

rupti.

Sederunt Book,

to contain a Re-

cord of the Pro-

ceedings of tba.

Tra&ee, ice.

C. 18. Anno vicesimo tertio G eorgii III. A.D. 1783.

exempt the Trustee from being liable for Omissions, and may declare whether or how far he shall be^liable

for Attornies or Factors appointed by him.

XL. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at the Expiration of three Years from the

Date of the Sequestracion, any of the Personal Effects of the Bankrupt, or any Debts, whether heritable

or moveable, due to him, remain still unuplifted, it shall be in the Power of four Fifths of the Creditors in

Number and Value, convened at any Genera) Meeting advertised for the Purpose, to direct that such re-

maining Debts and Effects be fold off by publick Auction, upon three Months previous Notice published

in the two Edinburgh Newspapers before mentioned, the Sale cither to be in whole or in Lots, as a Majo-

rity in Value of the Creditors shall direct.

XLI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surplus of every Debtor’s Estate real or

personal, that may remain after Payment of his Debts, and of the Ex pence incurred in carrying this Act in-

to Execution, shall be paid or made over to the Debtor, or to his Assignees or Successors.

XLII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Period after the Sequestration, and be-

fore the final Distribution, it shall be competent for the Bankrupt, with Concurrence of the Trustee, and

four Fifths of the Creditors in Number and Value, who have produced and proved their Debts as before, to

apply to the Court of Section, or to the Lord Ordinary on the Bills in Time of Vacation, for a personal Pro-

tection from Dilligence for such Time as the Court or the Lord Ordinary shall think reasonable; and the

fame being once obtained, shall be renewed, if applied for in Name of the Bankrupt, with Consent of the

Trustee alone, unless any of the Creditors oppose it \ in which Cafe, the Consent of four Fifths of the Cre-

ditors in Number and Value shall be required, as before 5 declaring always, that in this and all other Cafes,

where Consent of Creditors, both in Number and Value, is required, Creditors whose Debts are under

twenty Pounds Sterling shall not be counted in the Number, though they are to be counted in the

Value.

XLIII. And be icenacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be competent to four fifths in Num-

ber and Value of the Creditors, reckoned as before, at any Time after the Period of the second Dividend,

to concur with the Bankrupt in a Petition to the Court of Section, praying that he may be held as finally

discharged of all his Debts contrafted before the Application for Sequestration, so far as the fame may afftft

his Person, or any personal Ellate to be acquired by him after the Date of the Discharge; and this Petition

being intimated upon the Wall, and in the two Edinburgh Newspapers before mentioned, the Court shall,

at the Distance of not less than three Months thereafter, resume the Consideration thereof; and if no Ob-

jeftion is made, they shall pronounce an Act, or Order, in Terms of the Prayer of the Petition; but if Ap-

pearance is made by any of the Creditors, objefting the Discharge ought not to be granted, on Account of

the Bankrupt’s not having made a fair Discovery and Surrender of his Estate, or that he has refused to grant

a Disposition to the Trustee, as ordered by the Court, or has wilfully not attended the Diets of Examina-

tion, or has been guilty of any Collusion, or that his Bankruptcy did not arise from innocent Misfortunes,

or Lodes in Business, but from culpable or undue Conduct, the Court shall judge of these Objections, and

allow a Proof of them, if it is thought necessary, and shall either grant or refuse the Discharge, as the Na-

ture and Justice.of the Cafe may require; the Bankrupt always taking an Oath before the Court, or upon

Commission, when Judgment is pronounced in his Favour, and before the Act can be extracted, that he

has faithfully complied with all the Requisites of the Statute, and has used no undue Influence, nor had Re-

course to any Compromise with his Creditors, or any of them, to obtain their Concurrence; and if it shall

appear that there has been any such Compromise or private Transaftion between the Bankrupt and any of

his Creditors, the fame is hereby declared to be unlawful; and no Action shall lie upon any Bill, or other

Security granted in Consequence thereof.

XLIV. Provided always, That if the Bankrupt shall at any Time afterwards cither set up an Equipage,

or become possessed of heritable Property, by Succeftion or otherwise, before he has paid all his Debts, such

Equipage or Property shall be liable to be attached by all or any of his Creditors, whether prior or subse-

quent to the Discharge* as if no such Discharge had taken place; and the fame shall only be effectual to

protest his Person or other Effects.

XLV. And be it tnafted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Bankrupt shall obtain a final Discharge,

it shall be in the Power of four fifths of the Creditors in Number and Value, reckoned as before, convened

at any Meeting thereafter, to make him an Allowance of three per Cent. upon the nett Funds divided, but

not exceeding the Sum of two hundred Pounds Sterling in all, if the Dividends amount to less than ten

Shillings in the Pound of the Debts, as they stood at the Period of the Sequestration $ and five per Cent. but

not exceeding the Sum of two hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling in all, if they amount to ten Shillings, and

under twelve Shillings and Sixpence; or seven and an half perCcnt. but not exceeding three hundred

Pounds Sterling in all, if they amount to twelve Shillings and Sixpence, and under fifteen Shillings; or

ten per Cent. but not exceeding the Sum of four hundred Pounds Sterling in alt, if the Dividends amount to

fifteen Shillings in the Pound, or upwards; the said Allowance to be calculated on the nett Amount of the

Sums respectively to be divided; and in making the several Dividends, the Trustee shall have in View to

deduct so much from each as shall leave a Fund on Hand for answering this Allowance, in case it shall

afterwards take place; and if the Allowance (hull in the End be refused, a final Dividend shall be made

thereof among the Creditors j declaring always, that preferable Creditors who are fully secured, shall not

be counted either in the Question about the Allowance, or in applying for the Personal Protection or the

Discharge.

XLVjf. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sederunt Book before mentioned shall

contain a full Record of all the Proceedings of the Trustee, Minutes of General Meetings, States of Ac-

counts, Schemes of Division^and all other Matters relative to the Trust; and another Duplicate of the

whole Papers and Proceedings, ingrossed in the said Book, shall be subscribed by the Trustee, and within

fourteen

t

