33^

Per Cons ag-

grieved may

appeal to the

Scf-*

Jiuus.

Writing* to

be without

Stamps.

Proceeding!

rot to be

qnashed for

Want of

form.

Persons

ag<inst whom

i*dhon» Ihrll

be o’ougtit

by, or by the

Order of the

O i.^nians or

Governors,

for Kecovery

of any Monies

payable by

virtue of this

or the former

Erpenres of

thi* Act how

* be paid*

Limitation

tf Adiooa*

6etexa] Iffje.

Treble Co&u

Limitation of

Prosecutinos

kt Pcoaiucs.

C. 44. Anno vicesimo tertio Georg 11 III* A.D. 1783*

and Judgement {hall be had, made, or given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the De-

fendant is allowed to pay Money imo Court.

XX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or

themselves aggrieved by any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person and Persons

shall and may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be

holden for the said County of Middlesex, within three Months next after the Cause of such Complaint

shall have arisen, such Appellant iirit giving, or cauling to be given, fourteen Days Notice at lead in

Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or

Treaiurer to the said Guardians or Governors, and within four Days next after such Notice entering

imo a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with two suficient Sure-

ties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of, and to pay such Cods as shall be awarded

by, the Justices at such Quarter Sessions, who, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, as aforesaid,

mid of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the causes and Matters of such

-Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Coifs to the Parties appealing, or appealed against, as the

faro, justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such JulLces at their Quarter Suedions shall be

filial, binding, and conclusive.

XXL And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Judge-

ment, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, or Alignment, Transfer, or other Security, or other VVriting

whaikKVcr, under the Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, the respective Guardians or Governors for

putting this Act in Execution, or by any Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them,

touching, concerning, or in Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby veiled in the said

respective Guardians or Governors, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any of them, nor any Transfer

or Alignment of any of the Bonds or Securities aforesaid, made or to be made by any Person or Persons,

shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XXIL And be it further enacted, That no Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, nor any Pro-

ceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this or the said former

Ad, nor any Order made, nor any other Matter or Thing done or to be done or transaded, in or re-

lating to the Execution of the said Acts, shall be vacated or qualhed for Want of Form, or be removed

by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record

at JVt iimnfter \ any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXill. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Actions shall be

brought by, or by Order of the said Guardians or Governors against any Person or Persons whomsoever,

for cne Recovery of any Rates, Afteffinents, Forfeitures, or Penalties, or any other Monies payable, or

which shall become payable, by virtue of this or the said former Ad, or of any Materials, Matters, or

Things, fold or to be sold and delivered, or let or to be let by them, or any of them, their or any of

their 0.beers, by their or any of their Order, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, and a Verdict shall be

had and given against any such Person or Persons against whom such Action or Actions shall be brought,

such Person or Persons shall pay Treble Costs; and the said Guardians or Governors shall have such Re-

medy or Remedies for recovering the fame, as any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may have for his, her, or their

Coils, in any other Cafe by Law.

Att, to pay Treble Costs.

XXIV. And be it further enacted. That all Costs, Charges, and Expences of passing this Act, and atf

other Charges incident to the obtaining thereof, or attending any Applications to Parliament relative-

thereto, by and on Behalf of any eff the Inhabitants of the said Parish, lha!I be paid and defrayed with

and out of the Monies arisen, or which may first arise, by virtue of the said former or of this present

Ad

XXV. And be it further enacted. That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or

Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this or the said former Ad, until thirty Days Notice shall

be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Guardians or Governors, nor after Satis-

faction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months

next after rhe Fad committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and all

fu^h Actions and Suits shall be laid and tried in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the

Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, may plead the General Issue, and

give this and the Lid former Ad, and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall

be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for or on which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall

be brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of the said Acts: And if the said Matteror

Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought with-

out thirty Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as

aforesaid, or if any lurh Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Pur-

ple limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as afurcfaid, then the Jury or Juries shall

find for the Defendant or Defendants therein ; and if a Verdict ill all be found for such Defendant or De-

fendants, or it the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuit,

or suffer a Ddcontinuance of such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, or if, upon Demurrer or Demurrers

in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants

therein, then, and in any of the Cafes afordau, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs,

and shall have fjth Remedy for recovering the lame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his,

her, o» their Co(F, in other Cafes by L^w.

XXVI . Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be liable to any Forfeiture or Penalty

inftfded by tins the said former Ad, umefs a Prosecution shall be commenced within twelve Calendar

Months after such Forfeiture or Penalty (ha)i oe incurred.

1

