A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign

of George III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 24 Georgii III. Se/T. 1.

\% fk N Act for continuing and granting to his Ma-

jesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder,

^ and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty-four.

2. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made

in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for

preventing certain hijlruments from being required from

Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to

give to his Alajejiy, for a limited \Time, certain Powers

for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between

the Subjects of his Majestys Dominions, and the Inhabitants

of the said United States.

3. An Act to continue so much of an Act made in the

last Session of Parliament, as allows further Time for

the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due to

the Public, from the United Company of Merchants of

England trading to the East Indies.

4. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

5. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the

Borrcw/lownnefs Navigable Cut or Canal, more efteftu-

ally to complete and maintain the fame.

An Act for establishing certain Regulations concerning j

the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by j

the Post between Great Britain and Ireland.

7. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Lift

Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing an

Act, made in the twenty-second Tear cf his present Alajejiy,

intituled, “ An Act for charging a Stamp-duty upon Inland

Vot. XIV. Part IV,.

u Bills of Exchange, Premiff ry Notes, or other Notes,

u payable otherwise than upon Demand ” and for grant-

ing new Stamp-duties on Bills of Exchange, Prom [fry and

other Not'*; and alp Stamp-duties on Receipts j and for

indemnifying all Persons who have written or signed any

Bill of Exchange, Promissory or other Note, or any

Receipt, not stamped according to Law.

8. An Act for the more easy and foeedy Recovery of Small

Debts within the Town and Port of Dev or. and the

Pari Hies of Charlton, Buckland, River, Ewell, Lydden,

Co Id red, East Lang don, IT if I Langdcn, Ringwould, Saint

Margaret's At Cliff, Whitfield other wise Bcausfcld, Guf-

ton, Hon?ham otherwise Huffham, Caple le Fern, and

Alkham, and also the Liberty of Dovor Cajllc, in the

County of Kent.

9. An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act made in the

thirtieth War of the Reign of his late Ad a;efty King

George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and

prefer-ving certain Marsh and Fen Lands, and Low

Grounds, in the Parish of Wiggcnhall Saint Mary Mag-

dalen, in the County of Norfolk.

10. An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Exe-

cution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for granting an Aid to his Adajefly by a Land Tax,

to be raijed in Great Britain,the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; together with

those named in two former Acts for appointing Com-

milTioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in an

Act of the last: Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act

for grant in* an Aid to his Alajejiy by a Land Tax, to be

raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one

tho find f ven hundred and eighty-three.

11. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for

the better Payment of die Army and theijvQuarters.

1 d

