A. D* 17Si, Anno viee/imo primp Geomoii III.

C. 63.

m

without a Cer-

tificate, pro-

vided no Fraud

vras intended,

on Payment of

the usual Du-

ties*

Satisfaction of the CommMionerg of his Majesty’s Ctofloms at London or Edinburgh rftfpfcflively, that such

Sugars are really and truly the Produce of Demerory or Effequiboy and that no Fraud was intended, it shall

and may be lawful for the said respective Commissioners to permit the said Sugars to be entered, upon

Payment of the like Duties as Sugars of the Growth and Produce of the British((lands in the Weft Indiei

are fubj$& and liable Co by Law*

CAP. LXIIL

An Aift for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors.

* YT 7 HERE A S, notwithstanding the great Prejudice and Detriment which A<5b of Insolvency pro- Preamble

£ W duce to T rade and Credit, it may be convenient, in the present Condition of the Gaols in

this

^ Kingdom, that some of the Prisoners who are now confined therein should be set at Liberty be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That, from and after the p.dfiing of this Aall and every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, in any

County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, shall, is and are

hereby required to make a true, exact, and perfect Lift, alphabetically, of (he Name or Names of all and

every Person or Persons who, upon the first Day of "January^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one,

was or were, under the Terms and Conditions herein mentioned, and at the Time of making out every

such Lift shall be, really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners, in the Custody of any Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper

er Keepers of any Prison respectively, upon any Procefe whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt,

Damag , Coftj, Sum or Sums of Money, Contempt, or otherwise; and an Account of the Time when

such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were respectively charged in Custody, or received in Prison, together

with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners

is or are detained ; and shall deliver the fame to the Justices of the Peace, at their first or second General

Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace to be held after the passing of this Aor at some Ad-

journment thereof, for such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty respectively.

II. And be it further enacted. That every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, within the City of London,

and Counties of Middlefac and Surrey, whose Prison was bqrnt, destroyed, or broken open, between the

second 2nd the eighth Days of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, by divers evil-minded and

disorderly Persons, and from whence the Prisoners then confined therein were set at Urge, is and arc

hereby required to make out a like true, exa<3, and perfect Lift of all and every the Prisoner and Prisoners

who were so set at large, and who was or were in the Custody of any Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison,

upon any Process whatsoever for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money,

Contempt, or otherwise ; and an Account of the Time when such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were re-

spectively charged in Custody, or received in Prison, together with the Name or Names of the Person or

persons at whose Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were detained ; distinguishing which

of the said Prisoners surrendered or offered to surrender themselves, on or before the first Day of September,

one thousand seven hundred and eighty, to the Gaoler or Keener of any Prison from whence such Person

or Persons was or were set at large as aforesaid $ and shall deliver the fame with the said Lift so dirt&ed to

be made out and delivered as aforesaid.

rendered themselves, Scc% before

Iir. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of his Majesty’s Prison of the andMarshalof Warden of the

.the King’s Bench Prison. shall severally, on the delivering in of any such Lift of Prisoners in their respec- Flte'* *c* to

live Custody, take an Oath, in the open Court of such General Quarter Session of the Peace, or at some *!" an °*?h 011

Adjournment thereof, to the Effect following; (that is to say,) Lift”"08

Alphabetical

Vi fit to be made

oat of Prisoners

in Oustody for

Debt on Jab. 1,

1781 j

with the Time

when charged,

and at whose

Suit.

Lifts to be de-

livered to the

Quarter Session*.

Gaolers within

London, &c.

whose Prison*

were burnt or

broke open be-

tween June

and 8, 1780.

and the Prison-

eit set at large,

are to make out

and deliver like

Lifts of Prison-

era who were

then in their

Custody ;

diflir*gui/hing

those who fur-

Sept. t, 1780,

* T A. B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and The Oitb.

* A declare, That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted in the first

* Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, marked with the Letter (B), was and were, to

* thebeftof my Knowledge and Belief, really and truly Prisoners. in actual Custody, in the Prison or Gaol

* of 'injertthe Name of toe Prison], and was or were set at large when the

* said Prison was burnt down, destroyed, or broke open, between the second and eighth Days of Junet

* one thousand seven hundred and eighty, at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons-therein re-

‘ spediively mentioned ; and also that such of the said Persons, whose Names are inserted or contained in

‘ the second Part of the said Lift, now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, surrendered, or ten-

* dered themselves to surrender, on or before the first Day of , one thousand seven hundred and

‘ eighty, at the respective Times therein mentioned j and that none of such Persons so surrendered, or

* tendered, to nry Knowledge, or with my Privity, voluntarily, or with Design, or in Expectation to

take any Benefit from or under any Act of Parliament to be made for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, fur-

‘ rendered themselves, or were committed to the said Prison, or got their Names entered as Prisoners in

‘ the Books of the said Prison.’

And that every other Gaoler and Keeper of any other Prison or Prison*, in any County, City, Town,

Riding, Division, Place, orLibetty, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such Lift respectively,

take an Oath in the open Court of the General Quarter Session. or General Session of the County, City,

Town, Division, Liberty, or Place, for which he or she shall deliver in any such Lift, and swear to the

E&& following > (that is to say,)

‘I A.B,

By v^.

All other Oko!-

ers, on deliver-

ing in the:r

Lift?, to tjvJte

the following

iQogle

