354 C. 58. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

From Aog. I,

*783', the fol-

lowing Stamp-

d 'lies to be paid

to hii Majesty f

Videlicet ;

For every Skin,

Sec. oA which

shall be written

or pr nted iRe-

ce p; for any Le-

gacy, Ac. not

exceeding tol.

an additional

Du y of as. 6d. j

above 201. and

lefstban 1001.—

of es tool -—of

20?; and a like

Aadition upon

every tool.

For every Sk.it),

Sec. upon which

flull be written

or printed any

Probate of a

Will, Ac. of or

above the Value

of 1001, an act-

ditional Durv of

c and new St3mp-duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty

‘ that it may be enabled ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advce

; and Cotifent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prei'ent Parliament aflVmbleJ,

and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of Ju£v./ty cite thousand (even hundred

and eighty-three, there shall be levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto

and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succellbrs, the several Stamp-uuties following; that is to

say,

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be

engroflVd, written, or printed, any Receipt, or other Di/charge, for wiy Leg2cv left by any Will or other

test.imentary Instrument or for any Share or Part of a ptrfonal Estate, divided by Force of the Statute of

Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place, the Amount whereof shall not exceed the Value of

twenty Pounds, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of two Shillings and Six-pence; and where

the Amount shall exceed the Value of twenty Pounds, and not amount to one hundred Pounds, an addi-

tional Stamp-duty of five Shillings; and where the Amount theicof shall be of the Value of one hun-

dred Pounds, an additional Stamp-duty of twenty Shillings; and a like additional Stamp-duty upon every

further Sum of one hundred Pounds, so left by any Will or other testamentary Instrument, or for any Share

or Part of a personal Estate, divided by Force of the Statute of Dilhibutions, or the Custom of any Province

or Place:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be

ingrossed, written, or printed, any Probate of a Will, or Letters of Administration, for any Estate of or

above the Value of one hundred Pounds, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of twenty

Shillings; and a further additional Duty of twenty Shillings, where the Estate is of or above the Value

of three hundred Pounds; and a further additional Duty of twenty Shillings, where the Estate is of or

above the Value of six hundred Pounds; and a further additional Duty of twenty Shillings, where the

Estate is of or above the Value of one thousand Pounds:

209. 300I. Value* — of 40s. 600b Value,—of 3I. i,ooool. Value)f 4I.

Aa additional For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be

ti. 10 certain engrossed, written, or primed, in Great Britain, any Indenture, Lease, or other Deed, for which a Stamp-

Dmle* granted duty Gf onc Shilling and Six-pence is payable, by virtue of an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the

m 17 Geo. ill. Reign of his present Majesty, except Bonds given as Security for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of

Money, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of one Shilling.

On Bonds for For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Bond shall

above iooi. an be ingrossed, written, or printed, given as Security for any Sum of Money, the Amount whereof shall

admtiona^r exceed one hundred Pounds, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of five Shillings; and where

and upwards, the Amount thereof shall be of the Value of five hundred Pounds, or upwards, there shall be charged an

10?. additional Stamp-duty of ten Shillings:

Evcrv Skip, &c. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be

conrainirp m ingrossed or wrinen any original Writ, (except such Original upon which a YVrit of Capias issues) Sub

original Wnr, pa>na% Bill of Middlesex, Latitat y Writ of Capias, S$uo Minusy Writ of Dedimus Potejlatem to take Answers,

where the Debt CX3mine Witnt flVs, or appoint Guardians, or any other Wi it whatsoever, or any other Process or Man-

or Damage a- date that shall issue out or pass the Seals of any of the Courts at IFeJiminJicr^ Courts of the Great Sessions

mounts to 40s. in lValesy Courts in the Counties Palatine, or any other Court whatsoever holding Plea, where the Debt

an additional or Damage doth amount to fortyShillings, or above, or the Thing in Demand is of that Value (Writs of

Duty of 6d. Covenant for levying Fines, Writs of Entry for suffering Common Recoveries, and Writs 0i Habeas Corpus

always excepted), there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of Six-pence:

OnDifpcnf«tion» for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be

» ingiofled, written, or printed, any Dispensation to hold two Ecclesustical Dignities or Benefices, or both

ving% &c.an act- a Dignity and a Benefice, or any other Dispensation or Faculty from the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury,

ditional Duty of or the Matter of the Faculties for the Time being, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of forty

40* Shillings:

On Admission For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be

intoe therofihc engroflVd, written, or printed, any Admission into any of the four Inns of Court, there shall be charged

nVddftionti ’ an a(*ditional Stamp-duty of foity Shillings:

nd^n°every R«- For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be

gifcr or Ccrtifi- ingrossed, written, or printed, any Register, Entry, Testimonia!, or Certificate of the Degree of Utter

ficate of the De. Barrister, taken in any of the said four Inns of Court, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of

KZ£5£

in, an additional

On every Grant,

or Letters Pateiit

under the Great

Seal, or Seal of

the Duchy of

LwcaAer, of any

Honour, See. an

additional 401*

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be

ingrossed, written, or printed, any Grant or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the

Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise,

Liberty, or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Body Politick or Corporate, or Exemplification of the

fame (Commissions of Rebellion in Process always excepted), there shall be charged an additionalStamp-

duty of forty Shillings:

For

e

