A.D. 1782. Anno viccfimo secundo Georgii III. C< *7, i8t

XI. Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall extend to exclude or debar any of the f*i'4

Commissioners for putting this A# in Execution, from fitting and giving Judgement in the said Courj

whenever they shall think fit po attend, alenough not summoned according to (he Rotation before-men-

tioned. Provided neverthrlefs. That the said Clerk or Deputy Clerk shall, and is hereby required to lym-

inon, in Manner aforesaid, all the said Commissioners, to attend such of the said Monthly Courts at which

any Officer of the said Court is to be chosen, upon a Vacancy occasioned by Death, Refu nation, or Re-

moval of any such Officer as aforesaid ; and also to attend the several Quarterly Meetings herein-before di-

rected to be holden, at leaf! fix Days previous to every such Court or Meeting; and in case ft frail hap-

pen that upon any Court Day, or at any of the said Quarterly Meetings, a sufficient Number of the said

Commissioners shall not attend, that then, and in every such Cafe, the Court or Meeting shall (land ad-

journed over to the next Day on which the said Court or Meeting is to be holden, according to the Di-

rections before mentioned and contained.

Court to be

Coffimidfoier*

not fumanonedf

may attend.

AM the Com-

misti >ners to bt

summoned to at*

tend Monthly

Meetings for

chusing Officer*,

and Quarterly

Meetirgs.

A sufficient

Number not at*

rinding, the

adjourned.

and under 40 ##.

To what Debts

this A& shall

not extend*

Xlt. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Persons whomsoever, who now have, or Made of Pro-

hereafter shall have, any Debt or Debts, not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, and being upwards ceedingfo? Re*

of two Shillings, owing to them in their own Right, or as Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or

Trustees, by or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, residing, inhabiting, or keeping any Shop, Shed, 0 moTC ao

Stall, Stand, orfeeking a Livelihood, or trading, or dealing, within the Limits of this Act, to apply to

the Clerk or Deputy Clerk to the said Court, who shall m ke an Entry of the Cause in the Book to be

provided and kept for entering the Proceedings of the said Court, expressing the Names of the Parties, and

the Sum demanded; and shall thereupon make out a Summons under his Hand, directed to such Debtor

or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded, and on what Account or Consideration the fame is due or de-

manded, and the Name or Names of the Party or Parties demanding the fame, thereby requiring such

Debtor or Debtors to appear before the Commissioners in the said Court, at the next or some subsequent

Court, to answer the said Demand; and every such Summons shall be delivered to the Serjeant or Ser-

jeants to the said Court, and shall forthwith be served by him or them on such Debtor or Debtors, either

personally, or by leaving the fame at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or

other Place of dealing, or working, of such Debtor or Debtors, within the Limits aforesaid, seven Days,

at the lead, before the Court is to be holden, at which such Debtor or Debtors is or are required to appear

arid answer such Demand. And the said Commissioners, or any three or more' of them, shall, and are

hereby authorised and impowered (upon Proof made of the Service of such Summons) to make Enquiry

concerning such Demands, and to pronounce and give such final Sentence or Judgement, and to make such

interlocutory or final Orders and Decrees touching the fame, and the Cods of Suit, as to them shall appear

agreeable to Justice, Equity, and good Conscience.

XIII. Provided always. That nothing in this A# contained shall extend to any Debt for Rent, upon

any Lease or Contract, where the Title of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, can or may come

in question, or in or upon any other real Contract; nor to any Debt that shall arise upon or by reason of

any Cause concerning any lait Will and Testament, or matrimonial Contract, or the Breach thereof, or

any Thing properly belonging to any Ecclesiastical Court ; nor to any Money won at or by Means of any

Horse-race, Cock-match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play; nor to any Forfeiture upon any Penal

Statute or Bye-law; nor to any Debt, for the Payment whereof there shall not have been a Contract, Ac-

knowledgment, Undertaking, or Promise, within six Years before the taking out of the Summons for the

fame, altnough such Debt shall not amount to forty Shillings.

XIV. And be it further enacted. That if any Debtor, who shall have been summoned as aforesaid, shall

(without some good Cause to be assigned, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners assembled in Court, and

to be allowed by them) refuse or neglect to appear in Person, or by any Friend, in the said Court, at the

l ime mentioned in the Summons then it frail be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or

more of them, on Proof being made, upon Oath, of the Service of such Summons, in Manner before di-

rected, to proceed to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, 2nd to make such Order,

Decree, or Judgment therein, and to award such Costs, as to them shall seem meet, and confident with

Justice, Equity, and good Conscience.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, if upon the Return of any Summons at any Court, or at any

Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, or appearing, shall not make Proof

of his, her, or their Debt, or Demand, to the Satisfa#ion of the said Court; it shall be lawful for the said

Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award to the Defendant or Defendants such reasonable

Colts a< they dial I think proper; and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame, by

such Ways and Means as are by this A# provided for enforcing the Payment of Debts and Coils, ordered

and decreed by the said Court to be paid.

c XVI. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and the more solemn Determination of the several

c causes and Matters which shall be depending or arise in the said Court,’ be it further enacted, That it

frail be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assemb ed in Court, and they are

hereby authorized and impowered to administer, or cause to be administerec, in open Court, an Oath, to

the Party or Parties, Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants; and also to such Witness or Wit-

nefles as frail be produced by either Pauy ; and also to the Officers of the Court, and to any other Person

or Persons whom the major Part of the Comgiissioners, so affi rabjed, frail think proper to be examined,

and give Evidence before them, touching or concerning any Cause, Matter, or Thing, arising in such

Court, or in any wise relating thereto : And that, in case any Person making Oath, or giving Evidence, in

any Cause or Matter whatsoever depending or arising in the said Court, shall commit wilful and corrupt

Perjury, and be thereof duly sonvifted, according to the Laws or Statutes of the Realms every such Per-

son.

On Non-ippeir*

ante of the De-

fendant, the

Com mi fli oner#

to proceed ex

parte the- Plain*

liUk

Plaintiff not*

appearing, or

not rftabMhing

his D*rbt, to be

nonsuited.

Commissioner*

impowered to

administer Oath®

to the Parties

and WiUicwes.

Penally cn

wilful Petjvwy*.

