A.D. 1782*. lnno vicesimo fecundo Georgii III. C. 59, 60. 225

City, Town Cafs againi Division, Liberty, or Place, where the fame Goods and Chattels shall be

so brought or offWiforefaic^iN pawned, or delivered (having it in his or her Power so to do), the Person

and Persons bringi \\flg the fame. # '

V. And be it furthe. 0 <*<3ed by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, being out of Persons umfcr

Custody or in Custody, if undfcr the Age of fifteen Years, upon any Charge of Felony within benefit of 1$ Veuirf

Clergy, shall have committed any Felony after the first Day of AuguJ?, one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-two, and shall afterwards discover two or more Persons who shall have bought or received any enntLl'm

Goods or Chattels, which shall have been feloniously stolen or taken from any other Person or Persons, his

after the said first Day of Auguff, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, knowing the fame to be Pardou.

stolen, so as two or more of the Persons discovered shall be convicted of such buying or receiving, he, (he,

or they, so discover in g, shall have and be entitled to the gracious Pardon of his Majesty, his Heirs and*

Successors, for all such Felonies by him or her committed at any Time or Times before such Discovery

made, which Pardon shall be likewise a Bar to any Appeal brought for such Felony.

VI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to repeal any former Law now in This Act iwtt#

being for the Punishment of such Offenders ; and provided also, that such Offender, after having teen

prosecuted and convicted under this A<St, shall not, for the fame Offence, be afterwards punished, or liable such or-

to be punished by any such former Law. fenders.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to provide that the Proceedings on the Bill, now depending in Parliament, for in-

fixing certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold , and Peter Perring Ef-

quire, for certain Breaches of publick Truf, and high Crimes and , committed

by them whilf they respe {lively held the Offices of Governor and , , and

Members of the SeleSt Committee of the Settlement of Port Saint George, on the Coajl ef Coro*

■ mandel, in the Haft Indies, shall not be discontijiued by .any Prorogation or Dissolution of

the Parliament. -

\T

4 TT JH ERE AS a Bill i5 depending in the ffoufe erf G^mdsonf, (intituled, A Bill for infli fling certain Preamble.

4 W Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet ± and Peter Perring Esquire* for certain Recital of a BI1!

4 Breaches of publick Tru/i, and high Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respeCJively held now depending

4 the'Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors, and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of *? the Hoo*c 'A

4 Fort St. George, on the Coajl of Coromandel, in the East Indies): And whereas, on account of the pre- CominD&s.

4 fentlate Period of the Session, and of the Evidence necessary to be adduced to prove the Allegations of

4 the Bill, it is probable the Parliament may be prorogued before the said Bill can be properly considered :

4 And whereas it is highly expedient for the publick Service that the said Bill should be proceeded on as

4 early as possible in the next Session of Parliament May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same. That the Proceedings on the said Bill,* now depending in the House of Commons The Proceeding*

(intituled, A Billfor inflicting certain Pains and'Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Per- on the/awi.fiH

ring Efouire, for certain Breaches of publick Trust, and high Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them be {jJh^oa“

whilst they respectively held the Off ces of Governor and President, Counsellors, and Members of the SeleCl Com- Prorogation or

mittce of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coajl of Coromandel, in the East Indies), shall not be Dlfl'&iurion of

discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament; but the said Bill may be proceeded on in Parliament,

the next Session of Parliament in such and the same Manner as could or might have been in case the pre-

sent Session of Parliament had been continued, and no Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament had hap-

pened or taken place.

CAP. LX.

An AOl to prevent the (educing of Artificers or Workmen employed in printing Callicoes,

Cottons, Muslins, and Linens, or in making or preparing Blocks, Plates* or other Im-

’ plements used in that Manufactory, to go to Parts beyond the Seas*, and to prohibit the

exporting to foreign Parts of any such Blocks, Plates, or other Implements.

4 WHEREAS theBuiinefs or M^nufaftory of printing Callicoes, Cottons, Muslins, and Linens, p^sic.

4 VV with Wooden Blocks, has been long carried on in this Kingdom, greatly to the Advantageof the

4 Publick, and has of late Years been much improved by using therein engraved Plates of Copper or other

f Metal, and thereby the Sale of such Goods has been considerably increased, and large Quantities ex-

1 ported: And whereas, for the encouraging of such Manufactory in this Kingdom, it is necessary that

4 Provision should be made to prevent Artificers and others employed therein, or in making or repairing

4 such Blocks and Plates, from departing, or from being seduced to depart out of this Kingdom -9 and to

4 prohibit the Exportation of any Blocks, Plates, Engines, Tools, orUtensils, to be-used in such Manu-

4 factory May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's

most Excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same* That, from and after

Vou XIV. Pau II. . Gg the

3ogle

