A.D. 1781, Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III.

c. 73.

*47

or their Appearance to the fame, on or before the next Court-day after Service of the said Summons, witly

the Prothonotary of the said Court hereafter mentioned, or his Deputy, or with the Successfr or Succef-

fors of the said Prothonotary, or his or their Deputy or Deputies for the Time being, to be named and

appointed as hereafter mentioned, briefly in Manner and Form following; videlicet,

1 C. D. appears and confesses [or denies] the Debt [as the Cafe may be] mentioned in the Plaint of

the said A. B?

And for which Appearance no greater or other Fees shall be taken than exprefTru in the Table of Fees

hereafter mentioned: And that it shall and may he lawful for the said Steward or Stewards of the find

Court, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, upon such Appearance and Plea so entered as aforesaid, or

uuon the Nonappearance and want of a Piea of such Defendant or Defendants (the Service of the afore-

said Summons being duly proved upon Oath), to summon a Jury of twelve dilcreet and hone-lt House-

keepers, renting a House of ten Pounds per Annum or upwards, within the aforesaid Jurisdiction, to tiy

and determine between the Parties, or tc assess the Damages to the Plaintiff, upjn the Nonappearance and

Want of a Plea of the Defendant or Defendants.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it fh all and m^y be lawful for the Stew- M ric of Trial*'

ard of the said Court, or his Depury, thereupon to proceed with the said Jury to the Trial of the said

Cause, or to the Assessment of Damages to the Plaintiff as aforesaid (the actuffomtd Oath on the Trial of

causes being fi.ft administered to the said Jury, which Oath it fhai) and may be lawful for the said Steward

or his Deputy to adminift r), and to hear the Plaintiff’ or Plaintiffs Complaint, made by him, her, or

themselves, against: the said Defendant or Defendants, and to aJminister the Oath to the Plaintiff’s and .

Defendant’s YVitncflTs lefpedlively, to speak the Truth, the whole Truth, and nothing but the Truth,

upon such Issue joined or Assessment of Damages; and then to hear and examine the With.fTcsor other

Evidence on the Behalf of the Plaintiff, and to hear the Defence of the Defendant 01 Defendants, nude

by him, her, or themftrlves, and to hear and examine the Witnessss and Evidence on the Behalf of the

said Defendant or Defendant in Support of such Defence, and to proceed to (fate the Evidence to the

aforesaid Juty, who flnll give their VerdxSt thereupon, or add's the Damages as aforesaid; and inch Ver-

dict and Assessment of Damages, as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Pur poles

whatsoever.

IV. And be it funher enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That upon such Verdict or Verdi£Is as afore- Exertion mar

said, or upon such Assessment of Damages as aforesaid, or upon the Plaintiff’s becoming nonsuited, it shall bt iifuei a?ainst

and may be lawful for the find Steward or his Deputy to issue an Execution or Executions against the Goods PersonorGood#.

and Chattels of the Party a gain ft whom such Verdiift shall be found, or Damages assessVd, for the Sum

contained in such Verdict or Damages, together with such of the Costs expressed in the Table of Fees

heicin-after mentioned, as the Party or Parties for whom such Verdict shall be found, or Damages a fit fled*

shall have expended or paid in or about the fame, and which Coils shall not exceed the Sum of fifteen

Shillings; and also against such Plaintiff’s becoming nonsuited for the Costs incurred by (he Defendant in

the Plaint; and which Execution or Executions against the Goods as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful

for the Summoning Officers of the Court to execute, and they arc hereby required so to do; and that

upon the Return of the said Execution or Executions, that the Party or Parties against whom such Exe-

cution or Executions may issue, hath or have not any Goods or Chattels within the said Jurisdiction, to

satisfy the Debt and Cells, or not sufficient to farisfy the lame, that then it (lull and may be lawful for

the said Steward or his Deputy to issue an Older c r Precept, in the Natuie of a Capias ad satisfae'undum%

for the Imprisonment of the Person of the Party against whom such Order or Precept fh ill be made, for

a Time not exceeding one Week for every Pound of the Total of the Debt and Colls for which such Or-

der or Precept shall Blue, in the Gaol belonging to the said Court, and which it shall be likewise lawful

and requisite for the said Summoning Officer to execute.

V. Provided neverthedefs. That it shall and may be lawful for the said Jury, upon the Prayer of the

Party against whom such Verdict shall pass, or again it whom such Damages shall be affi (Ted, representing

his, hei, or their Incapacity of paying or discharging the whole Debt, Damages, or Costs, in one Pay- nxnts,

ment, to make an Order or Orders for the Payment of the fame in different Payments, weekly or monthly,

at the Discretion of the said Jury; and nothing in this or in any former or other Act shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to limit or take away the Jurisdiction of the said Steward, from proceeding to enforce

the Payment upon such Order or Orders, though the Sum contained in such Order shall be reduced by

Eartial Payments under forty Shillings; but that the said Stewaid and his Successors, and his and their

deputies, shall have the like? Power and Authority to enforce the fame, as there was upon making the

original Order.

VI. Provided also nevertheless. That it (trail and may be lawful to and for every D fendant, for the DefVnJjntmi

Purpose of av siding unneccffaiy Costs, upon being summoned upon any Plaint, to rppvar and nuke Con- -ir conm

session of the Deb:; and that it shall and may be lawfiff for the said Steward or ills Successors, and his anJ

thffr Deputies, thereupon to make an Order for the Paym nt thereof, in one or more Payments, accord-

ing to the Abilities of such Defendant, and according to the Dhcretion of the said Steward.

VII. Anc be it further enacted by the Authority aMrefaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said

Steward and his Successors, and his and their Deputies, to issue a Summons requiring the aforesaid Jury

to come and try the causes in Issue, at the ufuai Court-house of the said Court, at the Time expressed in

such Summons; and that it shall and rmy be lawful for the said So ward and his Successors, ami his and

their Deputies, to impute a Fin.: upon such of the said Jury who Hull neglect to attend for the Purpose*

aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be applied for the Benefit of the London Hjjitni,

Dfbt rmy be

p i id by

fcJs his Debt*

For summening

fury, af d Pu-

nilhnicnl on

them vsho do

not attend.

in "oitedupe! Read: and which Fine may be recovered in this Court by any of the Governors of

Wpspital,

U 2

