3®5

A.D. 17S3. Anno vicesimo teirtio Georgii III. C. 65.

Disposal and Application thereof; and if any such Officer, or other Person, shall neglect to transmit to

the said Committee such Account as is herein-before required, the said Committee are hereby enjoined

and required forthwith to suspend him from the Enjoyment of his Salary; and in case, upon Enquiryf

they shall find such Neglect to have been wilful, they are hereby enjoined and required to dismiss him

from their Service.

VI And, to prevent any Misapplication of the Sums granted by Parliament for the Support and

4 Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, or Embezzlement of the Goods

and Stores by the Servants of the said Company;’ Be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid,

That the said Committee shall yearly, and every Year, within three Months after they shall have re-

ceived the Accounts, by this Act directed, of the Disposal and Application, upon the Coast of Africa,

of the Goods and Stores by them purchased and sent out, make out a distinct Account, as well of the

Sum granted by Parliament for the preceding Year, as of the Disposal yd Application of the Goods and

Stores upon the Coast of Africa as aforesaid, together with a Schedule of what Part of the said Goods

and Stores remain on hand towards the Expenditure of the succeeding Year; which Account shall be

by them laid before both Houses of Parliament, and also delivered in to one of his Majesty’s Principal

Secretaries of State, attested upon Oath, in like Manner as the Account by them to be rendered of the

Application of Monies granted by Parliament is, by the said Act made in the twenty-third Year of his

late Majesty’s Reign, directed to be attested.

of the Secretaries of State, attested

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Waggons, Wains, Carts,

and other such Carriages, not charged with any Duty under the Management of the

Commissioners of Excise.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

VV assembled, towards raising the neceft'ary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick Expences, have

4 freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new Rates and Duties

4 herein-after mentioned and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

.fame, That, from and after the first Day of November, one thousand (even hundred and eighty-three,

there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and

for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties following 5 (that is to

say,)

0-

X’0

That every Person who shall keep any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, with three

or four Wheels (except such Carriages as are now charged with any Duty under the Management

of the Commissioners of Excise), shall yield and pay annually the Sum of four Shillings for every such

Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage as aforesaid, which shall be exprdied in a Licence for

that Purpose: with . Dm,) 4.

And that every Person who shall keep any Cart or other Carriage, with two Wheels, (except such

Carriages as are now charged with any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise),

shall yield and pay annually the Sum of two Shillings for every such Cart or other Carriage, which shall

be expressed in a Licence for that Purpose.

those already charged) i t.

II, Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be obliged to pay the said

yearly Sum of four Shillings for more than one such Carriage employed in Agriculture only, nor for

more than three such Carriages employed for any other Purpose, on which the said Duty of four Shillings

is hereby charged, where such Waggons, Wains, or other such Carriages, are kept by or for him or her,

for his or her own Use only, and shall not be used for the Carriage of any Goods, Wares, or Mer-

chandize, for Hire, or be let out for Hire.

any other Purposej except Carriages employed

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

\ construed to extend, to charge with the Duty hereby imposed, any Cart or other Carriage with two

Wheels, employed in Agriculture only, and not employed in Parks or Pieafure Ground, or used for the

Carriage of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, for Hire, or let out for Hire.

IV, Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed

to extend, to Carts with two wheels drawn by one Horse only, and employed only for the Carriage of

Peats or Turf for Fuel, and not let out for Hire.

V. And be it enacted, That in case any Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be pressed for the Purpose

conveying any Arms, Ammunition, or other Baggage, under and by virtue of any Law for prevent-

ing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or for the Re-

gulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, and the Owner thereof shall be paid for such

# Carriage, the fame shall not be deemed to be a Working for Hue within the Intent and Meaning of this

Act.

Vol. XIV. Part 111. B b b

ti’

*v-

\&(\

a*1,:

Committee, to

make out an*

Anally, an Re-

count of the Dif-

pofaJ of the

(Thods and Stores

feat oar, and of

the Sum granted

by Parliament

for the preceding

year.

Such Account to

be laid before

both Housea of

Parliament, and

delivered to one

upon Oath.

Preamble.

From Nor, r,'

1783, the fol-

lowing Duties to

be paid to hit

Majesty; m.

For every Wag*

gon. Wain, 5ce«

w,th three or

four Wheels (not

already charged

per Annum.

For Carte and

other two-

wheeled Car-

rie get, (except

per Annum.

No Person to pay

for more Chan

one such Car*

riage employed

in Agriculture

only, nor more

than three for

for Hire.

Not to extend to

Caiti, or other

two»*heeJed

Carriage*, cm*

ployed in Agri-

culture only.

Not to extend to

one Horse Peat

Cam.

Carriages eon*

ployed in car*

rying Arm*,

Ammunition,

Ac. for Soldiers,

or Marines, not

deemed working

