A.D. 17 82.Anno vicesimo secundo Georg 11 1 IF. C. 29, 30.

hundred and fifty-nine ; one Pound and one Shilling, to the Coinage on Spirits; and two Pounds, twelve

Shillings, and Sixpence, the Remainder of the said Duties on Brandy and Arrack, together with the Wh le

oftheieveral additional Duties of four-pence per Pound Weight upon Tobacco, arid right pence per Pound

Weight upon SnufF, shall be paid in diffinft and apart fromajl other Monies which such Receiver-general

shall receive for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Uses and Purposes in tins Act

mentioned ; and the additional ImpoA of five Pounds per Centum, granted by this Act, shall be paid in as

Part of the said ImpoA, granted by the before mentioned Act of the nineteenth Year of his preJcnt Ma-

jesty’s Reign, under the Title and Defcripiion of The Imp oft one thousand /even hundred and seventy-nine

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided ami kept, in

the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books in which all the Monies

arising from the said last mentioned Duty of two Pounds, twelve Shillings, and S ixpence, being Part of

the Duties on Brandy and Arrack ; and the said additional Duties of Fourpence per Pound Weight upon

Tobacco, and of Eight-pence per Pound Weight upon Snuff, hereby granted and paid into the said Receipt

as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the Eid Receipt of

Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as shall be g anted

by any AS or Acts of this Session of Parliament for this Purpose (and not otherwise applied), be a Fund

for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences as are dirtied to be

paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a

certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu of the former Draw-

backs upon the Exportation of Brandy and Arrack, repealed by tnis Act, where any Brandy or Arrack,

having paid the Duties herein-before granted, shall be again exported by way of Merchandize, the Mer-

chant or Merchants, so exporting the fame, shall be repaid and allowed the following Drawback ; that is

to say; For every Ton of such Brandy or Arrack, as shall be exported to any British Co! >ny or Plantation

in America, the Sum of seven Pounds, and seven Shillings; and for every ion of lu~h Biandy or Ar-

rack, as shall be exported to any other Place, where such Brandy or Arrack would have be*-n Rga ly in-

titled to any former Drawback, the Sum of seven Pounds, seventeen Shillings, and Sixpence; and after

those Rates for any grea'er or less Quantity ; and upon the Exportation of such Tobacco and Snuff from

this Kingdom, to any Part beyond the Seas, as Merchandize, the Exporter shall he paid and all >wed a

Drawback of all the before-mentioned Duties, paid upon the Importation of such Tobacco and Snuff by

virtue of this Act; which said respective Drawbacks or Allowances shall be made in fuen M inner, ard

under such Rules, Regulation?, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures in all Respects as any r>r ver

Drawback or Allowance, payable out of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation of such B< and), Ar-

rack, Tobacco, or Snuff, was, could, or might be paid or allowed.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authori y aforesaid, »bat

nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, or any wi e abe'\ any

Duty of Excise imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, upon Foreign Brandy, Arrack, or

Strong Waters, imported into this Kingdom, but such Duties shall continue to be paid ana applied in the

same Manner, in all Respects, as if this Act had not been made.

A Bo Ms to be

kept in the Au-

dit r'« Otftre* in

which the

'ionai Dnt e» are

to be cnieied.

Application

thereof.

Drawbacks to be

allowed on the

rotation of

Bianriy and Ar-

rack. Tobacco

and Snuff.

Tl>*« A*> not

al'er -hr Du'iet

ot F. cite up*n

Foie.gn B.and/f

&c.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for exempting the City of Wjncheffer, the County of Southampton the Town of Shrewf-

hery, and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an At?, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty Kin? George the Second, intituled, 4t An Act for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers during the

44 Time of the Elections of Members to serve in ParliamentJo far as the fame relates to the Removal of

Troops during the Eitftions of Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited Time. [Continued during the

present Holtilities with France, Spainy and Holland, or either of them ]

CAP. XXX.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture,

of the I (lands of Saint Chriflopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into any Ports of his Majesty’s

Dominions in Europe or America, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties.

HEREAS, in the Course of the present Hoff ilities, the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and prcamw^

Montserrat, have been taken by the Arms of his most Christian Majesty : And whereas, by the

1 twelfth Article of the Capitulation of Saint Christopher*s and Nevis9 as also by the twelfth Article of the

4 Capitulation of Montserrat, it is covenanted, Ttiar the Vessels which the Inhabitants of the said Blands

f expect from the Ports of England\ or from any of the Poflcflions of his Britannick Majesty, dial I be re-

4 ceived in the said Colonies, during the Space of six Months, and that they may load them to return under

4 neutral Colours, even for the Ports of Great Britain, with the particular Permission of the Governor:

4 And whereas, by an additional Article of the Capitulation of Saint Christopher*s and Nevis, as also by the

4 fourteenth Article of the Capitulation of Montserrat, it is moreover covenanted generally. That the In-

4 habitants of the said Islands may, with the Permission of the Governor, export their Merchandize, in

€ neutral Vessels, to all the Ports of Europe and AmericaMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may

be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’* most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

Bb t

