A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo fecundo Geor'gii III.

C. 82.

Pension whatsoever, on the Civil Establishment, shall hereafter he paid but at the Exchequer, and in the

same Manner as those Pensions which are now paid and entered at the Exchequer, under the Head, Title,

and Description of Pension^ and with the Name of the Person to whom, or in Trust for whom, the said

Pension is granted; and that those which are transferred thither by this Act shall be subject to no Taxes or

Fees whatsoever, except the Taxes and Fees to which before this Act they were subject; any Statute,

Law, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: Nor {hall any Pension hereafter to be granted be charged

at the Exchequer with further or other Fees than were heretofore paid on Pensions to the Paymaster of the

Pensions.

XX. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall restrain, or be construed to retrain, the High Trea-

surer, or first Commissioner of the Treasury, for the Time being, by his Majesty’s Consens, from taking

away, or causing to be taken away, from the private List or Lists of Pensions, the Names and Pensions of

any Person or Persons which at present are entered on the said private List or Lists, or any of them.

XXI. Provided also, That it {hall and may be lawful for the High Treasurer, or first Commissioner of

the Treasury for the Time being, to return into the Exchequer any Pension or Annuity, without the Name

of the Person to whom the fame is payable, on taking an Oath before the Barons of the Exchequer, or one

Baron of the Exchequer, or before the Curfitor Baron, in the Form following :

the Name of the Pensioner, on taking the

265

Provij#,

High Treasurer,

See. may return

into the Exche-

quer any Pen-

fion, without

following Oath

€ T jf, B- do swear, That, according to the best of my Knowledge, Belief, and Information, the Pension

* * or Pensions, or Annuity or Annuities, returned without a Name by me into the Exchequer, is or are

not, directly or indirectly, for the Benefit, Ufc, or Behoof, of any Member of the House of Commons,

* or, so far as I am concerned, applicable, directly or indirectly, to the Purpose of supporting or procuring

* an Interest in any Place returning Members to Parliament.

4 So help me G O D/

XXII. And it is hereby enacted, That on taking the said Oath, the Pension or Pensions, Annuity or which Pension,

Annuities aforesaid, shall be paid at tbfc Exchequer to the Order of the High Treasurer, or first Commis- bc

fioner of the Treasury, for the Time being, and his Receipt shall be accepted and taken as an Acquittance lohls 0tder*

for the fame.

XXIII. Provided further, and be it enacted, That if any such secret Pension {hall continue in the said Oath eo be taken

Lift for more than five Years, the High Treasurer, or first Commissioner of the Treasury, or one of the phc2 *n^r<?.Ciret

Secretaries, or one of the Chief Clerks of the Treasury, for the Time being, {hall make Oath, before f0eBntin”e in the

such Pension {hall be paid at the Exchequer, that he does believe that the Person for whose Use the said Lift more this

Pension or Annuity hath been granted is living. five Year*.

4 XXIV. And, for preventing as much as may be, all Abuses in the Disposal of Monies issued under the Payment of

* Head of Secret Service Money, or Money forfpecial Service be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Secret Sendee

That it {hall not be lawful to issue or imprest from the Exchequer, or order to be paid by a Treasury War-

rant, or under Sign Manual, or otherwise, to any Secretary or Secretaries of the Treasury, or to any n c

other Person or Persons whatsoever, from the Civil List Revenues, for the Purpose of Secret Service within

this Kingdom, any Sum or Sums of Money which in the Whole shall exceed the Sum of ten thousand

Pounds in any one Year.

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when it {hall be deemed expedient by the CUufe relative

Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or the High Treasurer, for the Time being, to issue, or in any Foreign Secret

* Manner to direct the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money from the Civil List Revenues, for foreign cr?lce

Secret Service, the fame {hall be issued and paid to one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, or

to the first Commissioner of the Admiralty ; and the said Secretary or Secretaries of State, or first Commis-

fioner of the Admiralty, {hall, for his Discharge at the Exchequer, within three Years from the issuing the

said Money, produce the Receipt of his Majesty’s Minister, Commissioner, or Consul, in Foreign Parts,

or of any Commander in Chief or other Commander of his Majesty’s Navy or Land Forces, to whom the

said Money shall have been sent or given, that the fame hath been received for the Purpose for which the

feme hath been issued ; which said Receipt shall, and is hereby directed to be filed in the Exchequer, in

order to charge the said Minister, Commissioner, Consul, or Commander of his Majesty’s Land or Sta

Forces, with the fame ; and the said Receipt, on Proof of the Hand Writing, shall be sufficient to acquit

and discharge the said Secretary or Secretaries, or first Commissioner of the Admiralty, in their said Account

at the Exchequer.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That any Foreign Minister, Consul, or Commander of his Majesty’s Land Foreign Mini-

Sea Forces, who shall stand charged at the Exchequer for or by Reason of any Secret Service Money by ftcT8» &c*ro

him received, {hall stand discharged and acquitted thereof, if, within one Year after his Arrival in Great ^on! ^withina

Britain, he {hall either return the said Money into the Exchequer, or make Oath before the Barons of the after their.

Exchequer, or one of them, in the Form following : Arrival in Great

Britain.

4 T A. B. do swear. That I have disbursed the Money, intrusted to me for Foreign Secret Service, faith-

4 A fully, according to the Intent and Purpose for which it was given, according to my best Judgement,

* for his Majesty’s Service.

4 So help me GOD/

XXVII. Provided always, That whenever it {hall be necessary for the Principal Secretary or Secretaries sute^&c! wak.

of State, or First Commissioner of the Admiralty, to make Payment of any Money issued for Foreign Se- ing Payment ot

cret Service, or for Secret Service in detecting, preventing, or defeating, treasonable or other dangerous any Secret Set.

Conspiracies agafnft the State in any Place within this Kingdom, then it shall be sufficient to acquit and Jicf, e y’1

discharge the said Secretary or Secretaries, or first Commissioner of the Admiralty, for such Secretary or rj*" the Disposal

Vol. XIV. Part II. M m ^UB^W^J'-

