244

tublick Ad,

FreamMe.

Krci’al of 4

Ceo, ljJ* Cap.

*4»

Commander !a

C jicf, ani his

Secretary im-

powered to fe- d

and rec«i*e Let-

ters free hom

Postagr.

The said Com-

snander t» ap-

point two Per-

ions to indorse

puolick Letters

lent from hit

Office.

Penalty on in-

dorfm$ ny Let-

ter which does

r«r ro»c> rn the

laid Office*

Preamble,

Frem J> !y 10,

17^4, no Uerfor,

v.! ho* i Licence,

(halt ft 11 *ny

Shi. to,) Su>>-

jrft of 4 nColial

Su<% &C

Alif chC n-

tract* to be \o\i;

and the

i:c, fur.'cucJ.

0.70,71. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.,

forfeit to his Majesty, his Heirs and Surceflors, all and singular his Lands, Tenements, and Hereditament!*

Goods, Chattels, Debts, and personal Ellate, of what Kind or Nature soever.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to

be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Person!

whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to enable the Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Forces, and the Secretary to

the Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Forces, to send and receive Letters and Packets

free from the Duty of Postage.

4 1WHEREAS by an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An At1 for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets

4 free from the Duty of Pojiage, it is enacted, That from and after the full Day of May, one thousand seven

1 hundred and sixty-four, so long as the Revenue arising in the General Letter-office, or Post-office, or

4 Office of Postmaster-general, shall continue to be made Part of the Aggregate Fund, no Letters or

4 Packets sent by the Post, to or from any Place whatsoever, shall be exempted from paying the Duty of

4 Postage, except such Letters and Packets as are therein particularly excepted: And whereas the Privilege

4 of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage is not, by the said Act, ex-

4 tended to the Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Forces, or to the Secretary to the Commander in

4 Chief of his Majesty’s Forces for the Time being, who, by virtue of their respective Offices and Em-

4 ployments, necessarily send and receive many Letters and Packets relating to the Publick Concerns of

4 these Kingdoms \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the

King's moss Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal^

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and

after the passing of this Act, the said Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Forces, and the Secretary to the

Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Forces for the Time being, shall and may send and receive Letters and

Packets free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner, and under such Rc (trillions, as other Officers

mentioned in the said Act are thereby permitted, in respect of their Offices, to send and receive the same, in

pursuance of the said Act.

11. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

said Commander in Chief for the Time being to authorize and direct certain Persons, not exceeding two in

Number, in his Office or Department (a List of whose Names shall be, from Time ro Time, transmiited by

him coihe General Post-office in London), to make and subscribean Indorsement upon Letters and Packets,

to be sent by the Post from his Office, which shall concern the publick Business of his Office or Depart-

ment, signifying that such Letters and Packets are upon his Majesty’s Service; which Letters and Packets*,

being so subscribed, and being sealed with the Seal of the Commander in Chief for the Time being, or his-

Secretary, shall and may be sent and conveyed by the Post, free from the Duty of Postage.

Ill And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, authorized to make and

subscribe such Indorsement, shall knowingly make the fame, or procure the fame to be made, upon any

Letter or Packet which does not really concern the Business of the said Office or Department of Com*

mander in Chief such Person shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be

recovered and applied in such Manner as by the Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for

establishing a General Post office, is directed with respect to the Penalties inflicted by the said Act; and for

the second Offence shall be dilmifled from his Office.

CAP. LX XL

An Act more effectually to prevent his Majesty’s Enemies from being (applied with Ships

or Vessels from Great Britain.

1 ^/tlERE AS there is great Reason to apprehend that his Majesty’s Enemies may endeavour, by

purchasing in ti e Name of the Subjects of neutial States, or by other indirect means apd Con-

trivances, to cb‘ain the Ships of his Mjjtfty’s Subjects, as well for the Purpose of Hostility against hil

4 JDj'flv, p for carrying on their own Trade and Commerce, whereby the publick Service, and the

4 1 r<id<. and Commerce of this Country may be greatly injured for preventing thereof, may it please

your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

wi h the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

lErne t a 111 moled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Day of July, one

thousand bven hundred and eighty two, it shall not be lawful for any of his Majesty’s Subjects (without

Licences from his Majesty in Council first obtained), directly or indirectly, tofftl or otherwise dispose of,

or to ent'aft or agree to fell or other wise dispose of, any Ship or Ships, or Vdlel or Vessels, to any Subject

or Subjects of any neutral State, or to any Person or Penons residing in foreign Parts, or to any Agent

or Agent* f*»r any such Suhjcft or Subjects of any neutral State, or for such other Person or Persons as

afoi laid, under any Pretence, or in any Manner whatsoever; and if any such Sale, D’fposition, Contraft,

or Agit. m* r.t, fhai] be made, it Pull be null and void to and for all Indents and Purposes whatsoever; and

the Ship *>r Ships, or Vessel or Vends, so fold and disposed of, or agreed to be sold or dispofrd of, with the

Guns, Ammunition, Stores, Tuekle, Apparel and Furniture, to such Ship or Ships%j^r VcflW or Veffds,

