^8

AQ 13 Con, n.

PieamUe.

Recital of 17

r-*o. m. of.

39.

Aaiscco.111,

>9 Cco. m.

From May it,

1781, the

Powers, Regu-

lations, &c. of

the f«*id Afls re-

pealed; except

for Recovery of

Arrears, &{•

After May ai,

1781, the Dutiei

on Servants to be

under the Ma-

nagement of the

Coraniiflio/jcis

C, 31. Anno viccfimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

4 and after the said first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and forty, be Three pence a Chaldron,

4 and no more; which Duty w^s, by the said Act of the thirteenth of his Lid late M.ijvily\ Reign, con-

1 tinued and made payable from the said full Day of May, one thousand (even hundred and forty, for and

1 during the Term of forty Years: And whereas by another Act, passed in the twenty-third Year of the

4 Reign of his said late Majesty (intituled, An Act for Making more effectualfeveral Alls of Parliament pafjei

4 for cUcmfng and making navigable the Channel from the Hythe at Colchcfier to Wivenhoe in the County of

4 Eflcx ; and for repairing and cUanfing the Streets of the Town of Colchcfttr), an additional Duty of Three-

4 per.ee per Chaldron was laid upon all Sea Coals; and the said former Acts, and all and every the Powers,

4 Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Provisoes, Matters, and Things, therein respectively con-

4 mined, were continued from the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, for the Term

4 of thirty Years, and from thence to the Knd of the then next Sefiron of Parliament: And whereas it

4 may he neccftary that feme further Provision should be made for cleansing the said Channel, and sup-

4 porting the Navigation thereof;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, isle.

44 The recited Acts further continued for forty Years. Commissioners named herein to repair the Hard-

44 ways across the Channel, and the Banks and Walls on each Side the River. Damages done to the

44 Banks and Walls by Proprietors of Lands, to be repaired by them. Compensation to he made for

44 Damage that may be done to East Mill Persons damaging the Lock, or the Walls, Banks, and

44 Sluices, liable to treble Damages, and Costs of Suit. Clauses in former Act restraining Farmers of

41 Quays from being Commissioners, repealed. .Water to be conveyed from the Roofs of Houses by Pipes,

44 isc. at the Expence of Occupiers. In case Owners, (Ac. of Houses neglect to remove Incroachments,

44 Commissioners to do it, and levy the Expence on such Owners, iff a Penalty, not exceeding 20 r. for

44 driving Carriages or Cattle on the Foot-ways. Lamps to be set up. Afl't iTment to be made for light-

44 ing the Town. Rate to be levied by Distress, in case of Refusal to pay. Persons wilfully breaking the

44 Lamps, or extinguishing the Lights, to forfeit for each Lamp, for the first Offence, 20 x. for the fe-

*? cond Offence 40x. and for the third and every subsequent Offence 4/. Persons accidentally damaging

44 Lamps, (Ac. to make Satisfaction for the fame. , Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Session,

44 on giving fourteen Days Notice. In case the Corporation of Colchejfer shall be disabled to act as Juf*

il dees, the Powers vested in them to vest in the Justices for the County.”

CAR XXXI.

An Act for the better Management and Collection of the Duties upon Male Servants,

granted by an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

4 \\J HEREAS by an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

4 VV tituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the

4 several Capacities therein mentioned \ and for repealing everal Rates and Duties upon Glass, impejed by an All

4 made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Maje/h, and for granting to his Majesh other Rates and

4 Duties upon Glass in lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass ; and for repealing the

* fevt ral Rates and Duties charged, by an All made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Ala-

1 jejiy, upon all Persons and bodies Politic and Corporate, having certain Quantities of Stiver Plate, certain

4 Duties were impeded upon every Male Servant retained or employed in the Capacities in the said Act

4 particularly enumerated and mentioned : And whereas one other Act of Parliament was made in the

4 eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more ef/ctlual levying of the Duty upon Ser-

4 vunts in that Part cf_ Great Britain called Scotland : And whereas one other Act of Parliament was made

4 in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, for avoiding so much of the said Act

4 made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as in.pcjes a Duty upon all Servants retained

4 or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned: And whereas the several Powers, Rules, Methods,

4 and Regulations, in the said Acts prescribed and directed, for ascertaining, paying, securing, and col-

4 lecting the said Duties, and for preventing Evaiion and Frauds therein, fuse been found infufticient apd

4 intffeftual to secure the Payment thereof, and the Lid Duties have bc.cn withheld, and the Revenue

4 thereby defraudedFor Remedy whereof, and for the better securirg the due Payment of the said

Duties, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same. That, from and after the twenty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred

and eighty-one, the several Powers, Rules, Methods, and Regulations, Manner and Time of Payment*

by the said Acts, or any of them, given and prescribed for ascertaining, Louring, paying, and colleftipg

the said Duties, and all Penalties and Forfeitures in respect thereof, shall crate and determine, and be no

longer used, except in all Cafes relating to the Recovery of any Arrears which may at that Time remain

unpaid of the said Duties, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon, or at any

Time before the said twenty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; any Thing

herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 II. And, for the better preventing the like Frauds and Evasions, and for the more effectua! securing

4 the Payment of the said Duties/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after

the said twenty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, such of the said Duties as

are imposed upon Servants in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and t)it

Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners and

Officers of his Majesty’* Revenue of Excise in England foe the T ime being; and that such of the said

Dutiea

