12 C. 14, 15. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

44 Cents, granted by the Lottery Act of last Year. The Bank to continue a Company till Redemption of

44 the Annuities 480,000 /. to be raised by a Lottery; the Prises whereof to be paid out of any bupplies

44 granted this Session. Guardians having the Disposal of Infants Money, may contribute to the Loan,

44 Uc Managers and Directors of the Lottery to be appointed by the Treasury. Method of the Loiteiy

44 Books. Ticket. Managers to examine the Books with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers

44 of the Bank, taking a Receipt for the fame. Cashiers to return the Bocks, with the undisposed Tickes,

44 with an Account of Monies paid in Undisposed T ickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets

44 of the middle Column* to be rolled up and fattened with Thread or Silk: and cut off indentwife into a

44 Box marked with the Letter (A). Box to be locked up, and feahd. Bo -ks to be prepared with two

44 Columns, on each of which 4^0:0 Tickets are to be prinreJ. The Number and Value of the For-

44 tunate Tickets. 500l. to each First-drawn Ticket of the hilt fix Days; 1, 00l. to ditto the second fix

44 Days 5 2,000 /. to ditto the 15th and r;thDays; 3,000l. to ditto the 1 Srh and icthDays; and :,cce/.

44 to the Last-drawn Tickets < f the last-mentioned Books to be rolled up and lied. Public NVice to

44 be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 15, 1781. Method

44 to be observed in drawing, Uc. Number of the Fortunate Tickets, and the Sums, to be piinted.

44 Disputes to be adjusted by the Managers. Penalty on forging Tickets, Uc Offenders (not in Pnfmj

44 discovering Persons guilty, to receive a Pardon, and co/. Reward. Proviso. Managers to be fsvoin.

44 The Oath. Cattiicr may receive the Sums subscribed before receiving the Lottery Book; giving a Note

44 for the fame; which shall intitle the Bearer to a Picket for ev?ry 10/. so paid. Contributois not

44 making good their Payments within the T imes limited, forfeit thvir Dcpofns with itfpc£t to tly Lot-

44 tery; and the Tickets for such Sums to be delivered info the Exchequer. Commissioners of the Yrea-

44 fury may reward the Managers, Uc. as they shall think fit. Limitation of the Sdc of Chances, Uc.

44 Penalty. Office keepers, Uc. felling Shares in Tickets of which they are not p TK fled, forfeit 500l.

44 and suffer three Months Imprisonment. After April 5, 17S1, no Pei fun to kerp a Lottery-office uith-

44 out a Licence. Each Licence to cost 50/.; and shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two

44 Managers. Licence to set forth the Name of the Person taking out the fi.nvi, Uc. and to continue in

.«< Force for one Year. Persons keeping any Office contrary to this A:T, rc> forfeit »oo/. Produce of the

44 Duty on Licences to be applied towards defraying the Expences of the Lottery. No Pe/ions to fell

*4 any Share of a Ticket less than a Sixecnth, on Penalty of o/. Penalty on Per tons promising to pay

44 any Money upon any Chance relating to the drawing of the Lottery, contrary to this Act No Bufi-

44 r.efs to be transacted at any Lottery-office between Fight in the Evening and Fight the next Morning.

44 Exception. Two Justices may summon Offenders against this Act, and, on Proof of the Offence*

'x4 convict them in Penalties, Uc. If Penalties are not immediately paid, they may be levied by Distress.

44 On Failure of Distress, Offender to be committed. Any Person foging a Licence shall foileit 500l.

44 Uc. Commissioners of the Treasury to establish an Office in London, and to appoint a Per ton to con«

44 dust the Business thereof; with whom all Tickets, before they are divided into Shares or Chances,

44 shall be deposited. All Shares to be stamptd by the Officer, who shall give a Receipt for every Ticket

44 deposited with him. Form of Receipt. All Tickets deposited in the Office, to remain there three

44 Days after drawing. The Numbers of all'Pickets deposited in the Office to be entercJ in a Book,

44 with the Names of the Owners, and the Number of Shares info which they are divided, id for each

44 Share to be paid to the Officer on depositing Tickets in the Office; who ff.all therewith pay all Ex-

44 pences incident to the Office. Penalty on felling any Share or Chance of a Ticket wirhout a Stamp,

44 Application thereof. Penalty on forging or altering Receipts, or uttering the fame with a fraudulent

44 Intention. No Person shall keep any Office for the Sale of T ickets, Uc in Oxford or Cambridge, on

44 Penalty of *0/. Offenders may be prosecuted in the Vice-chancelloi’s Court. Forfeitures may be

44 levied by Distress. Proceeding not to be removed by Certiorari, until sufficient Surety is given to pro-

44 fecute the fame with Effect, Uc This Act not to prejudice the Privileges and Jurisdictions of the

44 Mayor, Uc* of Oxford. Offences committed in Ireland against British Acts for preventing unlawful

44 Lotteries, made punishable. Penalties may be sued for in Dublin. T he 41-0,0zol. for the Payment of

44 the Fortunate Tickets, to be charged on any Supplies granted this Session; and shall be paid ro the

44 Proprietors, without any Deduction, on March t, 1782, Uc, Managers to give Notice of the Times

44 for exchanging Tickets for Certificates, Certificates to be numbered, Uc. and signed, Uc. No Fee

44 to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution-monies, or for any Receipts, Uc. on Penalty of of.

44 Recital of an Act 2 Geo. III. The per Cent. Annuities which ttand reduced to per Cent. from Jan.

4i 1781, shall, with the Consent of the Proprietors, from April 5, be consolidated with the old 3 per Cents.

44 Reduced. Proprietors not declaring their Dissent before Alarch 20, 1781, {hall be deemed to assent to

44 such Cpnfolidation. ‘ Persons sued in Execution of this Act may plead the General Issue, and recover

TrcMe£o&-”

frea m*Jt*

CAP. XV.

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the more speedy and effectual Manning

his Majesty’s Navy.

*4 TT 7 HEREAS his Majesty, by Order in Council, dated the twentieth Day of , one

W thousand seven hundred and eighty, was pleased to order that General Reprisals be granted

■* against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects of the States General of the United Provinces; and that as well

all his Majesty’s Fleets and Ships, as also all other Ships and Vessels that shall be commissionated by

4 Letters of Marque or General Reprisals, or otherwise, by his Majesty’s Commissioners for executing

4 Ihc Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, fiiail and may lawfully seize all Ships, Vessels, and

Goods,

