The TITLES of the STATUTES.

^curing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at

Portsmouth; and for the more safe and convenient carry-

ing on of his Maj-fly’s Gunpowder Woiks and Mills*

near the Town of Faversham.

&S. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act (intituled

an Act to amend and make more rffeEluol the Laws relating

to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and difordtrly Persons,

and to Houfis of C$rrefiion) to certain Cafes not therein

mentioned.

89. An Act for better Paving, Cleansing* and Lighting the

Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middle-

fix, and certain Places adjoining thereto; and for re-

moving and preventing Nuifam.es and Annoyances there-

in.

90. An Act for better Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting, the

Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of

.IVcflminster, and certain Places adjoining thereto; and

for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances

therein.

91. An <\dl for paving and regulating Church Lane, in and

near the Parishes of Saint Mary Whitechapel and Saint

George in ti?e Couni y of Middlesex, and several other

Streets, Avenues, and Places, within the same Parish of

SaintMaryWbitechapefand preventingAnnovances there

in; and for enabling the Inhabitants of the said Parish of

Saint Mary Whitthapely to raise Money to defray the Ex-

pences incurred in repairing the Parish Churc h.

92. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cana!

from a Place near Rider* s Green, in the County of Stafford,

to Broadwater Fire Engine, and fix Collateral Cuts

from the same, to several Coal Mines; and also a Navi-

gable Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham, to

join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazehy, in the Parish

‘ efTamivorib; in the said County of Stafford, with a Col-

lateral Cut ta the lower Part of the said Town of Bir-

mingham*

93. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

paffrd in the fecor.d Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for amend/ng, widening, altering, and keeping in

Repair, the Road from the South End. of Sparrows Herne

on Bushy Heath, through the Market Towns of War ford,

Berkhampllead, Saint Peter's, and Tring, in the County

^Hertford, by Pettipher’s FJms, to the Turnpike Road at

Walton, near A ylefbury, in the County of Bucks.

94. An ASX for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers of sevenl Acts of Parliament there-

in mentioned, so far as the fame relate to the repairing

and amending of the R acts leading from Leeds, through

Bradford and EIo>ton, and through Bonding and JVibfey,

to Halifax, and also th< Rr-acts called Bowling Lane And

Little Horton Lane, in the Wt ft Riding of the County of

York.

95. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers rf two Acts,

made in the fourteenth and twenty-sixth Years of the

Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Reads

from Doncsfter, through Ferrybri *ge, to the jotith Side of

Tadcaster Cross; and also f om Ferrybridge ii Wether-

by, and f om thence to Boroughbridge in tl- County of

York; so far as the fame relate r the Ro , b-cwcen

Ferrybridge and' TV ether by, and fiotn thence tj Borough -

bridge.

9.6. An ASX for enlarging the Terms and Powers of an Act,

pitted in the firff Year of the Reign of his present iVIa-

j< fly, intituled, An ASt for repairing and widening the Roads

from Dyed W;>y to Somerton, and from Gaivbridge to

Tintinhull Fords, and from a St* earn of Water called ror d,

to Cartg^te in Martock, in the County fSomerset.

97 An ASX fog continuing and amending two Acts, of the

ninth and twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty, for

repairing and widening the Road from Saint Dunstan’%

Cross, near the City of Canterbury, to tbt Water fide at

Whitstable, in the County of Kent*

98. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and en-

larging the Powers of an Act of the second Year of his

present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping m

Repair, several Roads leading from Cleobqry Mortimer,

the Cross Houses, Glazeley, and the Turnpike Gate on

Abberley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and Worcester.

99. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Sandon,

in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, intheCountyr

of Chester; and from Hilderdone to Draycott in the

Moors; and from Wetjey Rocks to Tean, in the/aid

County of Stafford.

100. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

cnlatging the Powers of an A& of the third Year of his*

present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead

Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley

Bridge, in the County of Be tks.

101. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and

Powers of an ASX, made in the third Year of the Reign*

of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the

Road from Lawton, in the County of Chester, to Burslem

tfWNewcastle under Lyme, in the County ^Stafford, and

other Roads therein mentioned.

IC2. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for making, widening, and repairing a

Road from the North-cast Side of the Goswell Street Rotfd

next Islington, in the County a/’Middlesex, and near to the

Road called The New Road, over the Fields and Grounds,

to Old Street Road, opposite to The Doghouse Bar, and

at and from The Doghouse Bar to the End of ChifweK

Street, by The Artillery Ground.

103. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads lead-

ing from Wether by to Knaresborough, in the County of

York.

104. An Act for amending and widening the Road from

the Passage or Ferry over the River Severn at Newnbam,

in the County of Gloucester, through the Parishes of

Newnbam and Little Dean, to a Place called Saint White's,

adjoining his Majesty’s Fortft of Dean, in the said

County.

1C5. An Act for continuing and amending an* Act of th*

third Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and wiS

dening the Read leading from the Town ^Stafford, to San-

don, in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads

in the Counties of Salop and Stafford.

ic6. An Act for completing and keeping in Repair the.

Road from the Ram Inn, in the Town of Cirencester, in

the County of Gloucester, through the Town of Tctbwy,

to Oldfield, otherwise Woe field Corner, near the fixtetnth’

Mile Stone in the Bath Road, and a Ro^d from thence

through the Parishes of Cold Ashtcn and Suanswick, to or

near Cambridge, in the Parish of Bath Eajion, near the

City of Bath; and for continuing the present Road from,

the said Corner to or near the Monument upon Lanfdown,’

until the intended Road from the said Corner to or near

Cambridge be made fit for travelling.

K7. An Act to revive and render more effectual an ASh*

naffed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Read

from Markfield Turnpike, in the County of Lnctfter, over:

Charley otherwise Charnwood Fortft, through the Town"

ofWYi'nw'nky.and from thence through Talbot Lane, to*

where the Road leading from the Town ^Loughborough,

to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the fuid County*

comes infirom Kyley Lane, near to a Place calledSnape Gate.

k8«

