C. 6

360

Anno vicesimo tertio Georg 11 III. A.D. 1783.

MrcMf f t are Rates and Duties following; that is to say, All Persons (except such as have served a regular Apprentice-

to take <vj:a> U* (0 any Su^eon, Apothecary, Druggist, orChymift, or such as shall have kept a Strop for the Space

forcha"pur-ofc. ^lrce Years before the passing of th s Ad, for the vending of Drug^ or Medicines only, not being Drugs

t * or Medicines sold by virtue of his Majest/s Letter Patent) utre.ingor vending Medicines in Great Britain^

shall annually take cut a Licence for that Purpose, in Manner htrcin-after prescribed :

Jf refining fn

London, *:ib-

jn 'h.' D ftif CC

cf 'hr Ve py

Pod, to pay 20 s.

In any other

Part of Great

B: tain, ;».

Pecfons T iling

(.•dh.’nei• u.ider

such Licences,

&c, to pay, for

every Bux, fee.

And where the Persons so uttering or vending Drugs or Medicines, shall reside within the Cit;es of Lon*

don and Westminster, or within the Distance of the Penny Port, on every such Licence there shall be

charged a Stamp duty of twenty Shillings:

And where the Persons uttering or vending Drugs or Medicines shall reside in any other Part of Great

Britain, there shall be charged on every such Licence a Stamp-duty of five Shillings:

Upon every Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, or other Inclosure, of any Medicine under the Price or Va-

lue of two Shillings and Sixpence, which shall be uttered, vended, or fold, by any Person or Persons tak-

ing out such Licences or by any Person or Persons under the Authority of his Majesty’s Letters Patent,

there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of Three-pence :

undjris. 6d. a Sump-duty of 3 d.

For every Box,

Bottle, &c. of the

Valueof 2 s. 6 <J>

and under 5 s. a

Duty of 6 d.

For every Bor,

Bottle, &c. of

the Value of 51.

a Duty of 2 s.

Upon every Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, or other Inclosure, of any Medicine of the Price or Valueof

two Shillings and Sixpence, and under the Price or Value of five Shillings, which shall be uttered, vended,

or fold, by any Person or Persons taking out such Licences, or by any Person or Persons under the Au-

thority of his Majesty’s Letters Patent, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of Six-pence:

Upon every Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, or other Inclosure, of any Medicine of thePriceor Valueof

five Shillings and upwards, which shall be uttered, vended, or fold, by Persons taking out such Licences,

or by any Persons under the Authority of his Majesty’s Letters Patent, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty

of one Shilling.

Not to extend to

Surgeons of the

Nary or Army.

Dutie« to be un-

<Ur the Manage*

meat of Com-

milViontri of

Stamp-dudes.

From Sept. 1,

1783, unquali-

fied Persons fe 11-

irg Mcdicinei

Vuhout a Li-

cence, (hill for-

feit 5 1.

Any two of the

Ciimmissioners

of Stamps may

goal Liccncei,

Licences to be

renewed io Days

before they ex-

pire.

Vender! of

Med cines so

fend Covers or

Labels to the

Office to be

stamped ;

and to cover

their Boxer,

Bi ttles, tic. a*

the Commission-

cn shall dueO,

II. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to any Person or Persons vend-

ing any Drugs or Medicines, who shall have served as a Surgeon in the Navy or Army, under any Cotn-

miifion or Appointment, where the fame shall have been duly entered at the War Office or Navy-Office.

III. And be it further enacted. That, for the better and more effectual levying and collecting all the Paid

Duties herein before granted, the fame shall be under the Government, Care, and Management, of the

Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment,

and Paper; who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and impowered to appoint and employ

such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as may be ne-

cessary, and to provide and use such Stamps to denote the said several Duties, as shall be requifitein that

Behalf, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to

the Lid Rates and Duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the

major Part of them, are or is authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning Stamped Vellum,

Parchment, and Paper.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fi-ft Day of September, one thousand seven

hundred and eighty-three, no Person whatsoever, required by this Act to be lirenfed, shall, unless he or

die be licensed in Manner herein-after prescribed, utter, vend, or fell, any Medicine in Great Britain,

upon Pain to forfeit, for every Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-

after is directed.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the patting of this Act, any two or more of his Ma-

jesty’s Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arising by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or

Paper, or some Person duly authorised by them, shall grant Licences to such Persons who shall apply for the

fame, to fell Medicines in any City, Town, or other Place, within Great Britain, for the Space of one

Year, to commence from the said first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, up-

on all Licences to be granted on or before that Day, and upon Licences to be first granted to any Person or

Persons after the said first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, to commence

from the Day of the Date of every such Licence; and all and every Person and Persons, who shall take

out such Licence for felling Medicines, shall take out a fresh Licence for another Year, ten Days at the

least before the Expiration of that Year for which he or she shall be so licensed, if he or she shall continue

to fell Medicines ; and shall in like Manner renew such Licence, fre m Year to Year, paying down there-

spective Sums due for the Stamps on such Licences, as long as he or she shall continue to fell Medicines.

4 VI. And, in order to secure the Duty hereby imposed,’ be it fur ther enabled. That every Pei (on mak-

ing, uttering, or vending such Medicines, shall send to the Commissioners of Stamps, or to their Officers

appointed by them for that Purpose, Paper Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, made for inclosing such Medi-

cines, with his, her, or their Name or Names, and any other particular Word or Thing printed thereon,

to denote the Value at which the fame is intended to be sold, in such Manner and Form as the said Com-

missioners shall direct, in order that the fame may be damped with the several and respective Duties hereby

direcded to be imposed, and delivered again, from Time to "l ime, to such Maker or Vender, as Occasion

shall require; and every Box, Pocket, Bottle, or Phial; or any other Inclosure of Medicine, uttered,

vended, or fold, by any Person or Persons taking out the Licence required by this A ft, or that shall be utter-

ed, vended, or fold, by or for any Person or Persons under the Authority of any Letters Patent, shall be

covered, wrapped up, or indoftd with such Mark or Device, and in such Manner as the Commissioners of

his Majesty’s Stamp* duties shall from Time to Time dirc£t t

)OQVH. And

