The TITLES of ik STATUTES.

34. An Act for continuing ancj amending an Act of the

fourth Year of his present Majesty^ for repairing and

widening the Roads from Spalding High Bridge, to the

Market Place in Donington; and from the Tenth Mile

Stone in the Par if) ^Gofbertown, to the Eighth Mile Stene

in the Parish of W igtoft, in the County of Lincoln.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 24 Georgii III. Scff. 1.

t. AN Act for naturalizing John Christian Splitgerber

and Schajlian Fridag.

2. An Act for naturalizing Michael Peter Tour ay.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons and

Waste Grounds within the Parish of Morley, in the County

of Derby.

4. An Act to enable the Honourable Richard Lumley, and

his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of

Servile, pursuant to the Will of Sir George Savi/e Baronet,

deceased.

5. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Walter Nijbet Ef-

quire, with Anne Bhmberg, his now Wife, and to enable

him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

6. An Act for naturalizing Augustus EvcrardBrande.

7. An Act for naturalizing Detlcv Bonaventura Eicke and

John Henry Hecker.

8. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance

of a certain Piece or Parcel of Land, in or near the Parish

of Petcrjham, formerly Part of the Park there called

Richmond Park or New Park, in the County of Surrey,

to Caroline, Baroness of Greenwich, and her Heirs, for a

full and valuable Consideration.

9. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of Charles late

Duke of Bolton, deceased, devised and settled by his Will,

in Trustees, dii’charged of the Uses and Limitations li-

united, created, and expressed in the said Will, for the

Purpose of more effectually carrying into Execution a

Decree and certain Orders of the H igh Court of Chan-

eery for Sale of the fame Estate, and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

10. An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement

made between the Lord Bishop of Norwich and Jacob

Prjhn Esquire, for the Exchange of certain Eftaces'in

the County of Norfolk.

11. An Act to enable William Hunt Gvubbc Esquire, and

Walter Hum Grubbe Gentleman, and, after their several

Deaths, the Guardians of their respective I due, to make

Leases of their settled Estates in the County of limits, and

in the Ciiy of BriJhL

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or

Common, within the Manor of Ley burn, and Parish of

Wenfley, in the North Riding of the County of York.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Common Downs, Common Woods, Watte Lands, and

Other Commonable Places in the Parish of An dev ory in

the County of Southampton.

14. An Act to enable David Edward Lexers Esquire, to

take, ule, and bear the Surname and Arms of Lloyd,

pursuant to the Will of Richard Lloydy late of Wern Nc-

with, in the County of Cardigan, Esquire, dreeased.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 24 Georgii III. Sell'. 2.

L AN Act for further continuing, for a limited Time,

jT\ an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing

certain lnjlrumentsfrom being required from Ships belong*

ing to the United States of America; and to give to his

Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better

carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his

MajeJlf s Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Jdid United

States.

2. An Act to impower the East India Company to make a

Dividend to the Proprietors of East India Stock, at Mid*

summer one thousand (even hundred and eighty-four.

3. An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and

Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manu-

factures of combing Wool, Worded Yarn, and Goods

made from Worsted, in the County of Suffolk.

4. An Act for incorporating the Company of Proprietors

of a Canal Navigation authorised by an Act, passed in

the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King

George the Third, to be made from Birmingham to Bit-

stone and Anther ley, with the Company of Proprietors of

a Canal Navigation authorised by an Act, passed in the

twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to

be made from Birmingham to Fazeley; and for consolidat-

ing their Shares; and amending the said lall-mentionedAft.

5. An Act for enlarging the Market Place, and regulating

the Markets within the Town of Sheffield, in the Welt

Riding of the County of York$ and for widening and

rendering more safe and commodious several Streets ad-

joining or leading into the said Marketplace; and for

taking down the present Slaughter Houses within the

said Town, and erecting others in a more proper Si-

tuation.

6. An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers,

as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Ma-

rines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men,

fmee the second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to

excrcile Trades.

7. An Act for explaining certain Acts of the Parliament of

Scotlandconcerning Manufactories; and forextinguishing

the Claims made by the Proprietors of the two Manu-

factories, called The Rope and Sope Alanufact or ies of Glas-

gow, to certain Exemptions from Custonis and Duties,

and for making Compensation in lieu thereof.

8. An Act for establishing certain Regulations concerning

the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by

the Poll between Great Britain and Ireland.

9. An Act to authorise the Com mi (lionets of the Customs

in England and Scotland to cancel Bonds, given for die

High Duties on certain Parcels of Com imported into

Great Britain, on ceitaiu Conditions therein men-

tioned.

10. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of

Annuities, and for establiftiing a Lottery.

n. An Act for laying additional Duties upon Candles

(except Wax and Spermaceti Candies), and for more

effectually lbcuring the Duties upon Candles.

12. An Act to enable the Governor and Company of die

Bank of Scotland further to encreaie the Capital Stock of

the said Company.

13. An Act for appointing and enahling Commissioners

further to examine, take, and state the public Ac-

counts of the Kingdom.

14. An Act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty’*

Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from

Francis Dixon Esquire, deccafcd, and his Sureties; and

for veiling his Estates in Trustees; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

15. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor belonging to several Parishes within the Town of

Shrezvjhury mid the Liberties thereof, in the County of

Salop.

