132 C. 65. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

Accounts of the

frofs Amount of

the Territorial

Revenues, and of

mlJ the Compi-

ry's D.fbur'e-

mentf, &c. to be

made up annu-

ally, and deliver*

cd 10 the Corn-

zniilioners of the

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Accounts of the gross Amount of all

the Texiitorial Revenues teceived by the said United Company, and of all their Disbursemems, Charges

of Management, Civil, Military, and other Expences and Charges, and also of the said United Com-

pany’s Debts at each of their Settlements in the East Indies, and Accounts-of their nett Proceeds at each

of their Settlements in the East Indies, thall be made tip annually, and delivered to the Commissioners of

his Majesty’s Treasury, or the High 7'reafurer for the Time being, on or as soon after the fix ft Day of

March, in each Year, as the Receipt of the necessary Materials from the East Indies shall enable the said

United Company to prepaie such Accounts.

Treasury.

Directors to by

Copies of said

Account! before

a General Court.

The Company

to pay to his Ma-

jrfly two Lacks

cf Rupees per

Ann. for each

Regiment of

rcco Men ftnt

to the East Li*

d es by their

Dttfie, &c.

From July 5,

1782, during

Holliliiics with

France, &c. the

Company to sup-

ply the Victual-

ling for his Ma-

jesty’a Ship* robe

sent to the East

Indies upon their

Re^uifition, &c.

Commoners

*)t the Treasury

to pay to the

Company one

fourth Part of

the Value of

such Vid trailing.

In case the Com-

pany shall not be

able to make a

Dividend ot eight

per Cent, then

file Pubiir ftu!l

lepay more thin

a fourth Part of

the Experets of

V.dualling.

Corrpany to flip-

ply such Victual-

ling alter the

Rdi.'-ration of

Pe^ce.

Com par v to fend

to th v.aft Indies

such Naval and

Aiikury Storet

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Dircflors of the said United

Company shall cause Copies of the said Account.*, so directed to be made up as aforesaid, to be laid before

the General Court of Proprietors, to be holden next after the fame shall be so made up.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enatfled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United

Company shall, and they are hereby required to pay to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the East

Indies, two Lacks of current Rupees per Annum for each and every Regiment confiding of one thousand

Men, already sent, or hereafter to be lent, by his MajeAy, his Heirs or Succeflois, to the East Indies, on

the Requisition of the said United Company, over and above the Extraordinaries now borne and defrayed

by the said United Company, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Number of Men, and for any

greater or less Space of Time; such Payment to be computed, with respeit to the Forces already sent,.

from the twenty-fourth Day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and with respect to

such Forces as hereafter shall be lent to the East Indies, from the T ime of the Embarkation of such Forces,

and shall be paid until the Return of the said Regiments to Great Britain, or for so long Time as the said

United Company shall be poflbfled of the Territo. ial Revenues in the Provinces of Bengal* Dakar, and*

Orijja; which said Payment shall be made in Manner following; that is to say, The Sjbli lienee of such

Forces there shall be regularly paid to the Orders of the Officers commanding each respective Regiment,

and the Remainder of such Allowances shall be paid according to such Regulations a* shall be settled be-

tween the Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Forces and the Secretary at War for the Time being, and the

Court of Directors of the said United Company.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the

filth Day of Ji //, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, until Peace shall be restored with France,

Spain, and Holland, the said United Company shall provide and supply all the Victualling to be delivered

in the East Indies necessary for his Majesty’s Ships and Vessels already sent, or hereafter to be sent, to the

East Indies, upon the Requisition of the said United Company, and also for the sick and hurt Seamen be-

gging to such Ships and Veil'd?, during the Time such Ships and Veflds shall be employed in the East

Indies; and that a just and true Account shall be kept thereof, and shall be properly authenticated and

vouched by the Governor, or Proficient and Council of the said United Company’s Settlements in India

respectively, where such Victualling shall be provided andfupplied; and such Account shall, from Time

to Time, he transmitted to the Court of Directors of the said United Company, who are hereby lequired

to lay such Accounts before the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer lor the

Time being, who shall thereupon refer the said Accounts to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy,

Victualling, and Sick and Wounded Seamen, to be considered in the proper Offices; and all such Victual-

ling so provided and supplied as aforesaid, shall be put in Charge against the Officer or Officers to whom

the fame was delivered, or against the Hospital for Sick and Huit respectively, as the Cafe may be; and

the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, rr the High Treasurer for the Time being, from Time to

Time, during the Time aforesaid, within forty Days after the Receipt of such Accounts so properly authen-

ticated and vouched as aforesaid, shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the said United Company, one fourth

Part of the total Amount of the Value of all such Victualling so provided by the (bio United Company

which Sum, so paid, shall be deermd and taken to be the foie Right and Property of the said United Com-

pany, freed and discharged from all Claims or Right of Participation on the Behalf of the Public, and shall

be set apart and applied for the Use and Benefit of the said United Company: And in case it shall happen

at any Time during the Time aforesaid, that, by Means of the said United Company being put to Inch

Expences on Account of providing and supplyng such Victualling as aforesaid, the nett Profits of the fa:d

United Company realised in Great Britain, shall be so reduced as not to be sufficient, together whh one

fourth Part of such Expences, as to produce ro the said United Company a Sum equal to eight Pounds

per Centum per Annum upon their Capital Stock cf three millions two hundied thousand Pounds, that

then and in every such Cafe the Public shall iepay in Great Britain so much more of the Expences of pro-

viefing and supplying such Vidlcalling for his Majt fly’s Ships and Vtflels (if the Amiumt of the Value of

such Victualling, so provided and supplied as aforesaid, be equal thereto), as shall be fuftfi it nt to make up

to the said United Company a Sum equal to a Dividend of e*ght Pounds per Centum per Annum on the

Capital Stock of the said United Company, such Payments to be made in Sterling Money of Great Britain,

the Exchange for ihe Rupee being rated and taken at the usual curient Price of the Rupee at the Time the

fame shall be advanced and paid in the East Indies.

XIX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after Peace shall be restored

with France, Spain, and Holland, the said LTnited Company (half, in like Manner, provide and supply all

such Victualling at their own proper Expr rcc, Cost, and Charge.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company shall, as soon

as they dial 1 be enable ! so to do, on the Requisition and under the Inspection of the Commissioners of his*

fyLjdty’s Navy and Office of Ordnance, send out to the East Indies such Naval and Military Steves, in

such Quantities, and of such Quality, and to such Places, as the said Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy

shall

