2

Directions re-

lative to Persons,

cot of London

amt Mioifefar,

who have been

or <ha 1 be ar-

reined during the

Time aforesaid,

and who /hill be

iutrendered, Sec,

Under Sheriff#

■nd Oiolers to

irilce Entriei of

all Surrenders,

Sec.

Under Sheriffs

to certify true

€>oits of such

Surrenders to

the Court of

King’s Bench,

*c,

Preamble.

Recital of hi*

Maj-fly's Order

in Council,

Dtc. %o, 17?©,

C. i—5. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

fondants removed or turned over, and such Defendants shall be subject to all the Regulations and Pro~

visions concerning Defendants before expressed and contained, or referred unto, in and by this present

A <3.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, who, f:nce the Dc-

struftion of the said Prisons, hath been arrested, or who, before the Reparation thereof respectively, or

Substitution of some other Prison or Prisons in Lieu thereof respectively, and Notification of such Repair

or Substitution in the London Gazette as aforesaid, shall be arrested in any County in this Kingdom, except

London and Middlesex, by virtue of any Writ or Process issuing out of any of his Majesty’s Courts at

Westminster^ shall lurrender or be surrendered, in Discharge of Bail, before the said Piifons resprclively

shall be repaired, or other Prison or Prisons substituted in Lieu thereof, and such Notification given in the

London Gazette as aforesaid, every such Person shall surrender him or herself, or be surrendered into the

Custody of the Sheriff of the County in which such Person was arrested, in the Gaol or Prison of such

County, who shall thereupon confine such Defendant or Defendants, subje3 to all such Regulations and

Provisions as County Gaols are by Law subject to; which Surrender shall, to all Intents and Purposes,

be as effectual and available in the Law as a Surrender and Commitment to the Marshai or Warden^

the Fleet would have been before the Destruction of the said Prisons of the King's Bench and the Fleet; and

every such Prisoner, so surrendering or surrendered as aforesaid, shall be, and shall be deemed to be ipso

folio on such Surrender, without any Commitment by any Judge, a Prisoner in the Custody 0/ such She-

riff, in like Manner, and to every Intent and Purpose, as if such Prisoner never had been bailed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Under Sheriff, and also the Gaoler

of every Prison, into whose Custody such Debtors shall surrender, or be surrendered, as aforesaid, shall

make Entries of all such Surrenders in a Book to be kept by them respectively for that Purpose; whic)i

Book shall be open to the Inspection of all Persons requiring to examine the fame; and if any Unde^r

Sheriff or Gaoler shall make Default therein, he shall be adjudged guilty of a Contempt of the Court oqt

of which the Process issued upon which such Debtor or Debtors was or were arrested; and shall and may

be punished as in other Cafes of Contempts of Court.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the LTnder Sheriff’ of

every County for the Time being, from Time to Time, shall certify unto the Matter of the Court of

King’s Bench, and unto the Prothonotaries of the Court of Common Pleas, and unto the Remembrancer

of the Court of Exchequer, on the last Day of every Term, true Copies of all such Surrenders which (hti!

have been made in the County for which he shall be Under SheriS'; which respective Office;* llull file

the fame of Record in the said Courts respectively.

CAP. II.

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An All to impower his Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged tilth, or fufprided of the

Crime of High Treason, committed in any of his Alajejly's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on.the High

Seas, or the Crime of Piracy. [Further continued to Jan. 1, 178 2. j

cap. nr. ;

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service

of the Year one thousand leven hundred and eighty-one. 4 s,

CAP. IV.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt,. Mum, Cyder, and Perry*

far the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

CAP. V.

An Act for extending the Provisions of three Acts, made in the eighteenth, nineteenth,

and twentieth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, with reipeft to bringing Prize Goods

into this Kingdom, to Prizes taken from the States General of the United Provinces; for

declaring what Goods shall be deemed Military or Ship S:ores; for regulating the Sale

of and ascertaining the Duties upon East India Goods condemned as Prize in the Port

of Londonfor permitting the Purchasers of Prize Goods condemned abroad to import

such Goods into this Kingdom, under the like Regulations and Advantages as are

granted by Law to Captors themselves* and for reducing the Duties on Foreign Prize

Tobacco.

WHEREAS his Majesty, by Order in Council, dated the twentieth Dr>y of December, one

thousand seven hundred and eighty, was picafed to order, thu Gerrra! Reprizals granted

against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects, of the States General of the United Prtrainees; so that ;i$ well

as his Majesty's Fleet and Ships and also all other Ships and Veffiis that shall be commiftioPMV-d by

Letters of M »rque or General Reprlzais, or otherwise, by h;s Majesty’? Commi/Irm^r? so executing

the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, shall and may lawfully seize all Ships2nd

Goods, belonging to the States General of the United Provincery or their Subjects, or others innabiting.

withu*

