79

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C. 51,

ability as aforesaid, execute the fame) shall be capable of holding the said Office, or be infitled to any Cpm-

pensation therefrom, unless, at the Sessions to be bolden for the said City next after such Appointment, he

shall render to the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace, then and there assembled, good

and sufficient Security, to be by them there and then approved and accepted, in the Amount of s* Sum not

Jess than two hundred Pounds, m.r more than three hundred Pounds, for the faithful accounting and Pay-

ment of all Monies received by him by virtue of this Act.

XXIV, And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall and Penalty* md

may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant from the said Lord Forfeitures to be

Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace, or under the Hand and Seal of the Lord Mayor or Aider- icvied by Distress,

man before whom any Offender shall be convicted, as the Cafe shall be; which Warrant the said Lcrd

Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices, or the said Lord Mayor or Aldermen, are^nd w impoweted to grant upon

Information of one or more credible Witness or Witness upon Oath, which Oath the said Lord Mayor,

Aldermen, and Justices, or the said Lord Mayor or Alderman, are and is hereby impowered to administer,

rendering the Overplus (if any be), after the Payment of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, when do- '

manded, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so djftrained; the Charges of such

Distress and Sale being first thereout deduded.

XXV, And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this A eft, be it enacted by Ho* Justices to

the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace for the said City, ar *or

the Lord Mayor or Alderman, a9the Cafe may be, before whom any Person or Petfons shall be convidc/d fad£i.°

of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form

of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect:

FORM of CONVICTION.

City of London, 7 4 TJ E it remembered. That on the Day of in the Fcrm of Coa»

to tvit. J 4 -D Year of his Majesty’s Reign, A. B. is convicted before , tiaion.

by virtue of an Act made in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his Majesty Kim* George the Third,

4 For further regulating and afeertairdng the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, 1vithin several

4 Ports and Places therein mentioned. [specifying the Offence, as the Cafe shall be.J

4 Given under our Hands and Seals, [or Hand and Seal,] the Day and Yeai first above mentioned/

And that no Objection shall be made or Advantage taken for want of Form in any such Conviction, by Proceedings not

any Person or Persons whomsoever; and that no Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any

Offender or Offenders against this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or be removeable wa° ° °rm*

by Certiorari, or any other Process whatsoever, into any one of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at

Westminster.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall alter, lessen* or Saving the

defeat, any Power, Privilege, or Fra' chife, which the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City R»shl«of the

of London have, cUim, or enjoy, of appointing any Market or Markets for the Sale of Corn and Grain V?rpd°rauoa of

within the said City and Liberties thereof, or could or might have had, claimed, and enjoyed, at any Time n oa*

before the passing of this Act.

CAP. LL

An Act to explain an Act, passed in the third Year of George the First, intituled, An AR

for explaining an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, 44 An AR to oblige

44 Papists to regijlcr their Names and real Estates\ and for enlarging the Time of such Re-

44 gifiering, and for securing Pur chafes made by Proteftantsf

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the First, in- Preble.

tiruled. An At7 for explaining an pajjrd in the last Session of Parliament, intituled\ c* An Act "

44 to oblige Papists to regjler their Names and real Estates, and for enlarging the Time of such Registering^ and Act 3 Geo. I,

44 for securing Purchases made by Proujlanis it is enacted, That fr< m and alter the nine atm twentieth r«iic4,

4 Day of September, in the Year of our Lord one thousand (even hundred and seventeen, no Manors, Lands,.

4 Tenements, Hereditaments, or any Inn rest therein, or Rent or Profit thereout, (h?!l pass, alter, or

4 change, from any Papist, or Person professing the Popish Religion, by any Deed or Will, except such

4 Deed, within six Months after the Date, or such Wil!, within fit Months after the Death of the Tefta-

4 for, be inrolled, in one of the King’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or eife with in the same County or

4 Counties wherein the Manors, Lands, and Tenements lie, by the Ctfros Rotulorum, and two Justices of

the Peace, and the Cleik of the Peace of the same County or Counties, or two of th^m at the leafty

4 whereof the Clerk of the Peace to be one: &nd whereas, in the Execution of the said recited Act, several

4 Deeds and Wills have been inrolled before the Custos Rotulorum, and two Justices of the Peace, and the

4 Deputy Clerk of the Peace, or two of them, whereof the Deputy Cleik of the Peace has been one;.

and some Doubts have anfen upon the said Act, touching the Iniolln.ents of such Deeds and Wills,.

4 whether such Deputy, in the Absence of his Principal, can or may lawfully ad therein / be it therefore D*poty Clerk of

enacted by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliamentattembled, and

by the Authority of the same. That every Deputy Clerk or the Peace fha’I, from Henceforth, have the ^d^iniftVrYr^

like and as full Power and Authority to admudlter Oaths to Parties and Witnesses, of the* due Execution o«th?rdaci $-o

of Deeds and Wills, and to imoll all Deeds and Wills whatsoever, as the Clerk oh in - Peace may or can E ccu*:< n of

do in his own proper Person, underand by^irtueof the said recited Act, or other wile, ho wlocver; and

t that r,!.

