A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III.

C. 24>

the Peace, who shall give to such Officers a Certificate thereof: And all and every such Makers of Paper,

Pasteboards, Millboards, or Scaleboards, respectively, are hereby required to keep sufficient and just

Scales and Weights, at the Place or Places where he or the do make the fame, and permit and assist the

Officer to make life thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid; and if any such Maker or Makers of Paper,

Paltcboard, Millboard, or Scaleboard, shall, in the weighing of his, her, or their Stock or Stocks, make

use of, or cause or procure, or fuller to be used, any false, unjust, or infufincient Scales or Weights, then,

and in every such Cafe, the Party offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and if

any such Maker shall neglect to keep such Scales and Weights, or shall not permit and assist the Officer

in using such Scales and Weights, he, she, or they, so offending, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty

Pounds.

XV. And, for the better preventing of Frauds, it is hereby enacted, That all and every the Of-

ficers of the said Duties shall also be permitted to take an Account of the Quantities of Rags, Cordzgc,

and other Materials for making the said Paper, which shall be in the Custody or Pofiiflion of any such

Maker.

XVI. And be it further enailed determined by the Authority aforesaid, ThatnoM^.ker of Paper, Pasteboards,

Millboard-, or Scaleboards, charged with the Duties by this Ac! imposed, {hall remove, carry, or fend

away, or suffer to be removed, carried, or sent away, any Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, or Scaleboards,

by him, her, or them made, until such Time as the proper Officer shall have taken an Account thereof,

and of every particular Ream and Bunole of such Paper, so to be removed, carried, or sent away; nor

shall remove any Paper in any less Quantities than in Reams, or Bundles, nor until every such Ream and

Bundle of Paper be duly marked, as herein-after is directed, to denote the charging of the Duty payable

for the fame, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence; and every such

Ream or Bundle of Paper, together with the Package containing the fame, and all such Pasteboard, Mill-

board, and Scaleboard, that shall be found removing contrary to the Directions of this Act, or without

being so stamped or marked, to denote the charging of rhe laid Duties, shall be forfeited, and shall and

may be seized by the Officer or Officers of Excile, who shall so find or discoverthe fame; and the Horses,

or other Cattle, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, irfed in the removing and carrying away any

such Goods, before the fame shall be marked and stamped as afoicfaid, shall also be forfeited, and shall

and may be seized by any such Officer.

XVll Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to hinder any Maker of Paper

from fending such Paper from the Mill where made to any other Mill, to be sized, or finished fit for Use,

provided Leave for that Purpose be first obtained in Writing from the Commissioners of Excise for the

Time being, and that Notice thereof shall have been given to the Officer of Excise twenty four Hours at

the least, in order that such Officer may attend and take an Account thereof; and provided such Paper be

removed with a proper Certificate from an Office of Excise, expressing the Quality and Quantity; and

when such Paper shall have been so removed to the Mill or Place where the fame is to be sized, or made fit

for Use, the fame shall be under the like Directions as to marking and damping, and all other Macters

and Things, as if such Paper had been finished and sized at the Mill where made; and such Paper-maker

shall, for the Breach of any of the Directions aforesaid, be subject to the like Penalty as he would have

been subject to if the said Paper had not been removed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-first

Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and after the Duties by this Act imposed on Paper,

Millboards, Pasteboards, and Scaleboards, is paid by the Maker, if any Quantity of Paper, Millboards,

Pasteboards, or Scaleboards, shall unfortunately happen to be damaged by the calling away or Inking of

the Barge or Vefiel in which the said Paper, Millboards, Pasteboards, or Scaleboards, Iha 1 ] be trans-

ported from one Part of this Kingdom to another within the same, that the Justices of the Peace of the

County, Riding, or Division, where such Accident Dial I happen, shall at the next General Quarter Sect

fions to be held for such County, Riding, or Division, upon Proof of such Damage, and of Payment of

the Duties as aforesaid, determine and settle the Quantity of the Damage done to such Paper, Millboards,

Pasteboards, or Scaleboards, by the casting away or sinking of the Barge or Vefiel in which the fame shall

be transported 2s aforesaid, and an Allowance to be made in respect thereof, and to give a Certificate

under their Hands and Seals of the Sum allowed, which Allowance shall bear the fame Proportion to the

whole Duties as the said Damage shall appear to bear to the Value of the said Paper, Millboards, Paste-

boards, or Scaleboards, before the fame was so damaged; upnri producing of which Certificate to the Of-

ficer appointed to collect! the said Duties, he shall be obliged to repay or allow to the said Proprietor or

Proprietors, out of the Duties paid for the fnid Paper, Millboards, Pasteboards, or Scaleboards, so much

Money as the Sum certified by the said Justices shall amount unto, or, in Default thereof, that the Pro-

prietor or Proprietors of the said Paper, Millboards, Pasteboards, or Scaleboards, shall and may deduct

the Allowance so certified out of the next or any other subsequent Monies becoming due from such Pro-

prietor or Proprietors by virtue of this present Act.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That where any such Loss

or Damage shall happen as aforesaid, the Person or Persons who shall sustain the fame shall, three Days at

least before the next Quarter Sessions, give or leave Notice in Writing thereof with the Collector of

Excise of the District or Collection where such Loft or Damage shall happen, and of his and their Inten-

tion of applying, at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, for an Allowance in respect of such

Damage or Lois.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the find twemy-first

Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, every such Maker of Paper, whose Workhouse

or Workhouses is or are ficuate in any City or Market Town, shall, at least twenty-four Hours before he

intends to remove any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, or Scaleboard, give,' or cause to be given, to th*s

Voi. XIV. Part I. E b9feC

25

Paprr-mak-ra to

keep just Sede*

and Weights

and allift OiTi-

cers in weighing

their Stock.

P. nalty on nfing

fjlfe Weights,

&c.

Officers to take

an Account of

Material* for

making Paper.

Pacer-maker*

no’ to remove

their Paper, &c.'

untiJ the Officer

has taken an

Account there-

of, Arc.

on density of

50 1. and For-

feiture of the

Paper.

Paper may be

removed from

the Mill where

made to any

other Mill, te

be sized. See.

with a proper

Certificate.

If any P.’per,

&c. (TmII be loft

or damaged in

transporting tliC

fame to a dif-

ferent Part of

the Kingdom,

alter the Duty is

paid, a propor-

tional Allow-

ance shall be

m^de to the Pro-

prietor, as set-

tled by the

Quarter Sessions*

Notice to b<*

given to the

Collector pre-

vious to the Ap-

plication ro the

Quarter SciTion

Paper-makert to

give Notice

when they in-

tend to have

their

chirjicd with the

Dury.C

