264 C. 82. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

-been executed, as far as the fame hath proceeded, in a workmanlike and durable Manner, and with

good and durable Materials: And in case the said Commissioners of the Treasury (hill not be satisfied with

the Expence or Goodness of the Work*, they shall, and are hereby authorised to nuke such Delay or

Abatement as, on Inch their Enquiry, shall appear just and expedient; any Thing in mis Act contained

or any Law or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it eiucded by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Work?, the Expence whereof (h ill be

1 0001. Vouch. unc^r one ihouland Pound, the Lid Surveyor Hull, previous to his receiving any Payment, proJuce

trs to be yru> Vouchers of his Expences actually made, together with the Grounds and Rcifons for his owing incurred

duced to the the said Expences, to the said Lord Chamberlain, who (if he (hill approve the fame) Hull certr’y the

Lord Chamber* Whole of rhe Charge to the Treasury fr-m Time to Time for Payment.

lam. xi. And be it enacted, That the said Lord Chamberlain Hull keep an Account of all Clerks and Work-

nwRoaUV n?en constantly or ordinarily employed in the Royal Palaces, and shall, once in every Month, certify to

laces, to be paid the Treasury their Numbers and Wages, in order that a Monthly Payment may be made to thtm.

monthly. XII. And be it enacted by the Authority afore Lid, That no new Works in his Majesty’s Parks or Gar-

No or* Work* dens, the Expence of which may exceed in the Whole five hundred Pounds above the ordinary Charge

inhis Majesty’s (an Account of which ordinary Charge is hereby directed to he laid quarterly before the Com mi dimers of

a)imitfdCSumVC Treasury), shall be undertaken or performed without an Order under his Majesty’s Sign Manual, and

to be undertaken without an Estimate approved and ordered to be executed by the said Commissioners of the Treteury,

without an Or- who Mue, or cause to be issued, the Money for the Execution of the fame, as well as for the Lid

rfcrf.om his ordinary Charge: which is hereby directed to be paid once a Month to the Surveyor of his Majesty's

M.jen y. Gardens.

Furniture, Plate, XIII, And be it hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Furniture, Tidhrps, PLve, and all

the*Mans-tm" °ther Moveables whatfovver, formerly under the Care and Management of the Otfice of Gnat Wardrobe,

oAhe^nrd"1111 or other Wardrobe or Jewel Otfice, or any of them, ftull be hereafter committed to the Care and Ma-

ChambcrUm. nagjment of the Lord Cnamberbin.

Work former! XIV. And it is hereby enacted and provided, That whenever his Majesty shall be pie a fed to order, for

under the Dirco the Use of any of his iYLjesty’s Palace*, or for any other House, any of such Furnitire or Goods as were

iton of the Grejt formerly under the Direction of the Office of Great Wardrobe, or any such other Woik to be done as

Wardrobe, bow formerly was done by or under the Direction of the said Wardrobe, the fame shall be done and executed

to be executed. (fio far as regards the previous Estimate and subsequent C<»ntroul and Account) in the Manner by this Ack

directed for Works undertaken by the Surveyor of the Puddings.

The Bvfmefs XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duty and Business done, or which might

tTThe^Bo rd of be don^, by the late Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, and all Authorities, Powers, and

TradfC toUcxe- JurisdicSUcms, given to the said Commissioners, or by any A& or Acts of Parliament, may and shall be held

cuted by a Com-- and exercised under the former Directions and Trulte by any Committee or Committees of his Majesty’s

miitcc of the Privy Council, which his Majesty ftnll be pleased to direct and appoint, during his Royal Pleasure, with-

Pnv) Coumil* out any Salary, Fee, or Pension, to the Members thereof, f r hoiJing and exercising the fame.

Publick Money XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sums of publick Mony, that

tinder the Ma- mow are in the Disposition or under the Management of the Lords of T rade and Police in Scotland, be,

.napcnrc.it of the an(] the fame arc hereby directed co be under the IVLnagcment and in the DispoLl of the Convention of

«n°dPoiicJin C R°yal Burghs in Scotland, with the feme Powers, and under the fame Limitations and Trusts, by which

SroiJand, to Hie fame now are or may be dispofvd and managed,

be under ihe Management of the Convention of Royal Huighs.

'Tcffulaticm re-

lanve tvigranting

t>f Pc of; jus,

Not to extend to

Persons who

have Served the

Crown in Fo-

reign Courts,

All Pensions on

the Civil List to

be paid at >bc

Exchequer,

4 XVII. And, for the better Regulation of the granting of Pensions, and the Prevention of Abufc or

4 Excess therein,’ be it enacted, That, from and alter the firm Day of A'ril, one thnuftu d seven hundred and

eighty-three, no Pension exceeding ihe Sum of three hundred Pounds a Year, shall be granted to or for the U/e

of any one Person; and that the whi.de Amount of the Pcnfums granted in sny one Year, shall not exceed

fix bundled Pounds; a List of which, t'*ge*her wi'h the Nam*s of the Persons to whom the fame are

granted, Hull be laid before Parliament in tw n y Days after the Beginning of each Section, until the whole

renlion Lift shall be reduced to ninety thousand Pounds; which Sum it shall not be lawful to exceed by

-more than five thousand Pounds in the Whole of all the Grants: Nor shall any Penfim, to be granted

after the said Redu£(ion, to or for the Use of any one Pei Ion, exceed the Sum of one thousand two hun-

dred Pounds yearly, except to his Majesty’s Royal Family, or on an Address of either House of Parliament.

4 XVIII. And whereas it hath been usual that Persons who have served the Crown in foreign Courts

4 have, after the Expiration of their Service, at his MJefty’s Pleasure, received such Proportion of their

4 former Appointments as to his i\Lj* fty hath feemrd expedient be it enacted, That nothing io this Act

contained relative to Penfi >ns, (h.ijl be construtd t > extend to such Allowance, either in proem or m fu-

ture; provided the Lid Persons d . n't sevenliv ' njoy some Place or other Profit from the Crvvn> to the

Amount of rhe Pension usually allowed in such Cafes; proviJed that the Lift of the Lid Pennons thall be

laid, in the Manner bero e m* nriomd, before Par4iament.

4 XIX. And whereas ttuk b Comufion and Expence d;d arise from having Pension? paid at va-ious Places,

and by various Persons; an 1 a C uftom hath prevailed of gi anting Ptnfi rs on a p.ivate Lift

Majesty’s Pleasure, up n .1 i^pt fi ion that in some Cafes it may not be expedient for the Publick (r od

‘-to divulge the Names of the P< rons in the LiJ ] :ft\ cr that it may be difrg’et able to the Persons receiv-

4 ing such Payments to have >t known that thtir D.ftrcftes ate so relieved, or for saying the Expense or

4 Fees and Taxes o.i fir.all Penfi m*; by Means of which said Usage, feert-t and dangerous Cor Pup non

1 may hereafter be p ncte'ei: And wheicas it is no Disparagement for any Persons to be relieved by the

‘ Royal Bounty in their Distrcfs, or for their Desert, but, on the contrary, it is honouiabte* on juit

Cause, to be tkoeght worthy of Reward Be it therefore enacted by t(je Authority aforesaid, 1 no

4 KjOOgK?Ul0^

