w

C, ii.

+35

mcT “■

13s

Of f

■ir J*1’-

i, off.

Oi

III-'

-V

III-

if'-'

k':?

#-7

<:

&c.

any G^ol

in England or

\Yujv£t

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

mentBe it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

tent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assemb'ed, and by

the Authority of the same, That, from* and immediately after the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thou- H:« Majsffy »m-

sand (even hundred and eighty-four, it (l)3ll be lawful for his Majesty, from Time to Time, by an Order peeredro»rd<*r#

in Writing to be notified by one of his Majesty’* Principal Secretaries of State, or for any three or more °!10 au^ :r,c

of such of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County, City, or Place, in which such

Gaol shall be situated, a? shall be authorised by his Majesty, under his Sign Manual, to direct the Removal the Remowl of

6f anyone or more male Offender or Offenders, who, during the Continuance of this Act, shall be under male iMfoner*

Sentence of Death with a Reprieve during his Majesty’s Pleasure, or under Sentence or Order of Trans- under Sentence

portation, and who, having been examined by an experienced Surgeon or Apothecary, shall appear to be

free from any putrid or infectious Distemper, and fit to be removed from the Gaol or Prison in which such r° any

Offender or Offenders shall be confined, to such Place of Confinement within England, or the Dominion

of Wales, either at Land, or on board any Ship or Vefl’e! in the River Thames, or any navigable or other

River, or within the Limits of any Port of England os Wain, as his Majesty, or 2ny three or more of such

Justices, authoris'd as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time appoint, and under the Management of any

Overseer or Overseers to be appointed by his Majesty, or any three or more of such Justices authorised as

aforesaid 5 and every Offender who shall be so removed shall continue in the said PDcc of Confinement, or

be removed to and confined in any other such Place or Places as aforesaid, as his Majesty, or as any three

or more of such Justices, authorised as aforesaid, from Time to Time shall appoint, until such Offender

shall be transported according to Law, or by the Expiration of the Term of such Transportation, or other-

wife, shall be inti tied to his Liberty, or until his Majesty, or until any three or more of such Justices, au-

thorised as aforesaid, shall direct the Return of such Offender to the Gaol or Prison from which he shall

have been so removed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff* or Gaoler, having the Custorly of any Offender whose

Removal shall be ordered in Manner aforesaid, shall, with all convenient Speed after Receipt of the

Notification of any such Order, convey, or cause to be conveyed, every such Offender to the Place ap-

pointed, and there deliver him, with a Certificate of his Christian Name, Surname, and Age, and of his

Offence, and of the Court in which he was convicted, and also of the Purport of his Sentence, to such

Overseer or Overseers as aforesaid, who shall give a proper Receipt in Writing to the Sheriff or Gaoler,

for the Discharge of such Sheriff or Gaoler. ,

III. And be it further enacted, That all Fees, on delivering out of the Custody of such Sheriff or Gaoler Gaolers Fee*,

any such Offender so ordered to be removed, as hath usually been paid, and would have been due to them *n<1 Eiptnces of

respectively if such Offender had been removed in order to have been transported, and all reasonable Ex- pj^by^he'0

pences which the Sheriff or Gaoler shall incur in every such Removal, shall be paid by the County, Riding, county, &c.

City\ Borough, Liberty, or other Division, for which the Court in which the Offender was convicted

shall have been held; and the Sheriff' or Gaoler shall receive the Money due for such Fees and Expences

from the Treasurer of such County, Riding, City, Borough, Liberty, or other Division, such Fees and

Expences being first allowed by the Order of the Justices of the Peace at their quarterly or other General

Sdlions of the Peace, vfrho are hereby required to make such Order as shall be just in that Behalf.

IV. And be it further enacted, That after Delivery of an Offender under this Act, the Overseer who

shall have the Custody of him shall, during the Term of such Custody, have the fame Powers over him as

ire incident to the Office of a Sheriff or Gaoler, 2nd in like Manner be answerable for any tfcape of such

Offender; and also, during such Custody, shall feed and clothe such Offender, and shall keep him in such

Manner, and, where the fame can safely be done, permit him to labour at such Places, and under such

Directions, Limitations, and Restrictions, as his Majesty, or as any three or more of such Justices, autho-

red as afutefaid, shall, from Time to Time, by any Order, to be directed to such Overseer or Overseers for

their Instruction, appoint; and shall allow him Half the Profits arising from such Labour for his own Use

G aolers to deliver

Offenders ac-

cording ro such

Orders, with a

preper Certifi-

cate,

OverPerf, t®

whom such Pff-

son;rs arc deli-

vered, ro hive

the feme Powert

over them at

Gaolers, &c.

Prii oners to be

ind in the mean Time, as nearly in Conformity to the Treatment of Persons committed to Houses of Cor- ai;°v/'*d

section as the Nature of the Cafe will allow. th:,r iu?njnSM

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend to au-

thorife putting to Labour any Person, whilst he continues confined by virtue of this Act, who shall not

consent thereto. t

VI. And it is hereby declared. That all the Time during which any Offender, being removed under the

Provisions aforesaid, shall continue confined by virtue of this Act, shall be reckoned in Discharge, or Dart

Discharge, or Satisfaction of the Term of his Transportation, so far as such Time shall extend.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender shall, during such Custody under this Act, be Transportation,

guilty of any Misbehaviour or disorderly Conduct, it shall be lawful for such Overseer or Overseers, having Offers may

the Custody of such Offender, to infltft, or cause to be ir.flifted, such moderate Punishment as may be in-

flicted by Law on Persons committed to a House of Correction; and if any such Offender dial] break from,

or unlawfully leave the Custody of such Overseer or Overseers, or if any Person shall refeue, or attempt to

refeue, or assist in refeuing, any such Offender from such Custody, or shall supply any Arms or Ir.stru-

ment of Escape, or any Disguise, to such Offender, every such Offence shall be punishable in the fame

Manner as if such Offender was in a Gaol or Prison, in the Custody of the Sheriff or other Gaoler, for the

Crime of which (bch Offender shall have been convicted.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Overseers of the several Places of Confinement to be ap-

pointed by virtue of this Act, shall, from Time to Time, make Returns, specifying the Names of every

Person in their Custody, the Offence of which he shall have been guilty, the Court before which he shall

have been convicted, the Sentence of the Court, with his Age, and bodily State, and his Behaviour whilst

in Custody; and also the Name of such Offenders who shall have died under such Custody, or (halJ have

escaped, or have been lawfully released from the same; which Returns shall be made the first Day of every Ter~.

Vol. XIV. Part IV. Lll

1A^

bur ffall not be

forced to work.

Time of Imfri*

fonment to be

drenuci Fart of

the Taro of

jnti.ct mod-rate

P:wrii7;ment lot

M .'benaviou^

Ovcrfi rrs to

make R tumi of

Vriloiitrs ro the

Court 0/ K ns*

Bench, ihe 6iJt

Day oi every

