A.D. 1783, Anno iwicefimo quarto Geojig-ii ill. C. 20, 21.

c VI. And wherea9 it will be found expedient, for the more speedy and regular Conveyance of Goods

* to and from the said ljle oflpjghty that certain Houses or Places should be appointed and engaged for the

* Reception,of such Goods, and that such Houses or Places should be publickly made known be it there-

fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owners and Mailers of all Hoys, Packer Boars, and

other Vessels whatsoever, kept within the said Bland, and usually employed in carrying Passengers, Cattle,

Goods, or Merchandize, to and from the said Island for Hire, shall appoint and engage some House or

Place, as well in the Iff cf Wight, as in the Towns of Southampton, ,Lymington, Portsmouth, and Gosport,

and other'Places on the said Coast of Southampton, to which they shall usually be employed to carry Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, where such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, directed to and from the said

Island, may be received, and shall, at the next General QuarterSessions of the Peace to be holden for the

said County of Southampton, after such House or Place shall have been so appointed and engaged, specify and

register the fame with the Clerk of the Peace of the said County of Southampton; for which Entry a Fee of

one Shilling, and no more, shall be taken by the said Clerk of the Peace.

VII. And be it further enacted, That a Book or .Books shall be, kept at every such House or Place for

the entering all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, delivered therein; and that all Goods, Wares, and

Merchandizes, delivered at every such House or Place, shall be a good Delivery, to all Intents and.Pur-

poses, to the Owner or Mailer of the said Hoy, Packet Boat, or other Vefiel, by whom such House or

Place shall be r^giftered respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Fees to be paid for the entering of all Goods, Wares, or

Merchandizes, in the Book or Books to be kept for that rurpose, shall be settled and ascertained by the

Justices at a Midsummer General Quarter SeSions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, in like

lanner as the Rates or Pripes to be takpn for the Conveyance of Fuch Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes,

are1 herein-before dirrfted to be assessed and rated; and that a printed Lift or Account of such Fees shall be

fixed from Time 10 Time in some conspiciwu* Part of every such House or Place: And ioxtfe the Matter

of any such Hoy, Packet Boat, or other Vessel, shall neglect or refuse to appoint and engage, and, having

so appointed and engaged, to specify and register some proper House or Place, or Houses or Places, as

aforesaid, for- the Reception of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes-aforesaid, at such Sessions, or to keep

•a Book or Books for the Entry of such Goods, or to affix a printed Lift of such Fees in such House or

Place; or, in case any Person or Persons usually receiving the Fees ascertainedas^aforesaid for the Entry

of Goods, shall wilfully refuse to receive and enter any Goods, tendered with such Fees, in the Book pro-

vided for the Entry thereof, every Person offending in any such Cafe, shall forfeit, for every such Offence,

the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied and applied in Manner aforesaid.

IX. And-be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Waggoner and other Car-

rier bringing Goods and-Parcels, directed to any .Person or Persons, to be delivered in the Ifteof Wighty

either to Southampton, Lymington, Portsmouih, or Gosport, or any other Place on the Coast of the County of

Southampton) shall, and they are hereby required to deliver such Goods or Parcels, without wilful Delay, '

to fameHouse or Place appointed, engaged, and registered, for theReception thereof, or to the Matter or

Owner of some Hoy, Packet Boat, or other Vefiel, immediately employed in the said Paflige.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Inhabitant of anyPariffi in the IJleof Wight, or of any Parish,

Township, or Place, wherein any Offender contrary to this Act may dwell, shall be deemed a competent

Witness, notwithstanding his or her being an Inhabitant of the said Island, or of such Parish, Township,

or Place.

XI. And be it fprther-enacted, That all and every Conviction and Con visions for any Penalty what*

soever, in pursuance of this Act, shall be drawn up in the following Manner, or Words to the fame Effect,

and shall not be quashed or vacated, or any Advantage taken thereof, for Want of Form.

* County of 7 T> E it remembered. That on the Day of in the

c SoiaJumpioft' S JQ Year of his Majesty’s Reign, is [or are] conyidfed

•before in the bum of for [Specifying

‘ the Offence and Fatty as the Cafe shall he.]

• Given under Hand and Seal [or Hands and Seals], the Day and Year aforesaid/

XII. Provided also, That no Person shall be punished for any Offence against this Act, unless such Of-

fender be prosecuted for the fame within one Calendar Month after the Offence committed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and ju-

dicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame

being specially pleaded.

CAP. XX,

An Act for the Appointment of an Additional Overseer, for the better Government of the Poor of the Parish

of Bradford, in the County of Wilts. f

CAP. XXL

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Cto/c, at Newhaven% in the County of Sussex.

443

Mafferi of Vef-

^cis to appoint

and engj%e

Houses for lodg-

ing Goodi, &c* '

To be fegiflem!

by the Clerk of

the Peace.

Bookt to be kept

at such House*,

to enter Goods

delirered therein.

Fee* for entering

Good* in such

Bookt to be as-

certained by.

Quirtet Sc&oAi»'

Carrlef* to del?,

.yet Good^.with-

out Delay at re-

gifltred Houjfci.

Inhabited of

the lfleof Wight

competent Wit*

nefirt.

Convi£Hon* not

to be qua&ed for

Want of Fora

Form of Co^«

fidioa«

Limitation of

A&ionr.

Publick A&i

Vol. XIV. Part IV,

M m m

