The TITLES of the S T A T U T E S.

and first composed, written, and printed in Great Britain-, I

to securingthe Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, 1

and charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty ; to the al-

lowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Britiftj Corn and

Grain in neutral Ships ; to the allowing the Exportation

of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, to

certain Places in North America, which are or may be

under the Protection of his Majesty’s Arms, and from

fuchPlaces to Great Britain, and other Parts of hh Mi-

jesty’s Dominions; to the impowering his Majesty to

prohibit the Exportation, and restrain the carrying coast-

wife, of Copper in Bars, or Copper in Sheets; and to

the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of

Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty’s Sugar Co-

ionics in America.

J-j. An Adfc to explain, amend, and render more effectual,

an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable

Canalfrom or near the Town of Siou\ bridge, in the County

c/'Worcester, to join the Staff »rdshire and Worcestershire

Canal at or near btourton, in the County of Stafford ; and

also two collateral Cuts therein mentioned.

15. An Act for the Relief of Naval Officers, Seamen, Ma-

rines, and Soldiers, with respect to Prize and Bouzuy

Money not claimed in due Time.

16. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamep

tofervein his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on Board

Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels.

17. An Act to repair, enlarge, and rebuild, Cobham, Lea

therhead, and Godalming Bridges, in the County of

Surrey. ®

18. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an

Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his

Jate Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act

for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part

of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, or

Beer, brewed for Sale, or vended, within the Town and

Parish of Dalkeith.

19. An Act for granting an additional Bounty on Ships

employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery, for a li-

mited Time.

20. An Act to revive and further continue an Act, made

in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act to difcmtiidue* for a limited Time, the

Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard,

and Grcafe.

21. An Act to extend so much of two Acts, of the twen-

tieth and twenty-first Years of his present Majesty’s

Reign, as relate to the Sale of, and ascertaining the Du-

ties upon, East India Goods, to Tea, and all other Goods

of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of China, or any

Country within the Limits of the Raft India Company’s

Charter, which have been, or shall, during the present

Hcftilities, be brought into this Kingdom, and con-

demned as Prize ; for equalizing the Duties upon, and

regulating the Importation of Foreign Snuff into this

Kingdom ; and for preventing the Importation and Run-

ning of Foreign Spirituous Liquors, Tea, and other pro-

hibited Goods, into this Kingdom, in Vessels fitted out

and armed as Privateers.

32, An Act for better securingthe Duties payable, by vir-

tue of an Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen

Anne. on the Importation of Coals, Culm, and Cinders,

into the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Nor-

folk.

23. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of

Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Pro-

testant Purchasers.

24.. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-

ing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called

England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day

of AfiVcb, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

25. An Act to prohibit the ransoming of Ships or Vessels

captured from his Majesty’s Subjects, and of the Mer-

chandize or Goods on Hoard such Ships or Vessels.

26. An Act for providing Quarters for certain Foreign

Troops, lately employed in his Majesty’s Service in the

Defence of the Island of Minorca, and expedied to ar-

rive soon in this Kingdom, for a limited Time.

27. An Act for the mere easy and speedy Recovery of Small

Debts, within the City of Roche/ler, and the Parishes of

St rood, Frirulfl)ury, Coiham, Shame, Hicham, Cliffc.

Cooling, High Halftow. Chalk, Hao, Bur ham, JNouldbam,

Elailing, Cnrjlcne, Chatham, and Gillingham, and the Ville

of Sheer ness, in the County of Kent.

,2^. An Act for granting an additional. Duty upon Tobacco

and Snuff; ?.r.d lor upealing certain Duties payable upon

the Importation of Brandy and Anaik* and for granting

other Duties in lieu thereof.

29. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the

twentieth Year of the Reign of h 15 present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for exempting the C ty cf Winchester, the

County of Southampton, the Town of Shrewsbury, and.

the County 0/Sftop, out of the Provisions cf as Ac7, made^

in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the Second, intituled, “ An Act for regulating the

44 jQuartering of Soldiers during the Time of the Elf dims

4< cf Members to serve in Parliament;” so far as the Jame

relates to the Removal cf Troops during the Elections of

Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited Time.

3c. An Act for allowing the Importation of Goods of the

Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the Islands of

Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Mmtfcrrat, into any Port*

of his Majesty’s Dominions in Europe or America, upon

Payment of the Britishj Plantation Duties.

31. An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption

in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the

Borough of Cricklade, in the County of I Tilts.

32. An Act to revive and continue an A<tt, passed in the

sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Act to regulate the loading of Ships with CcaU¥ in the

Ports s/'Newcastle and Sunderland.

33. An Act for chaiginga Stamp-duty upon Inland Bills of

Exchange, Promillory Notes, or other Notes payable

otherwise than upon Demand.

34. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty-two; and for consolidat-

ing certain Annuities, which were made one Joint Stock

by an Act made in the thirty-fuft Y’ear of the Reign of

his late Majesty King George the Second, with certain

Annuities cozifolidated by several Acts, made in the

twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-first,

thirty-fecund, and thirty-thud Years of the Reign of his

said late Majesty, and several fublcquent Acts.

35. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the

County of Middlesex ; and for providing a proper Work-

house and Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish ;

and for opening certain Communications, and making

certain Streets, w ithin the said Parish.

36. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

37. An Act for the more easy and spetdy Recovery of small

Debts within the Parishes of Brofeley, Benthall, Madeley>

Barrow, Linley, JTilley, Little II enlock, and Daw ley,

and an extraparochial Place called Pofnall, in the County

of Salop•

38. An Act to permit the Importation of British Plantation

Tobacco

1

