r

A.D. 1782.' Anno vicesimo secundo Georg 11 III. C. 16—*18.

€ so remaining in the Persons or Agents Hands shall go and be paid to the Use of .Greenwich Hospital: And

4 whereas it hath frequently happened that divers Naval Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, have

4 been prevented by Absence, or other unavoidable Accident, from claiming their Shares of Prize and

4 Bounty Money within three Years after public Notifications have been given of the Time appointed for

4 Payment thereof:* Now, for effectually relieving such Naval Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers,

may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That if any Naval Officer, Seaman, Marine, or

Soldier, his Executors or Administrators, {nail, at any Time within the Space of four Years next after his

Share of Prize or Bounty Money has accrued and become due to the said Hospital, by virtue of the said

recited Acts, or any or either of them, claim such his Share of Prize or Bounty Money, and produce fuf-

ficient Proof to the Board of Directors of the said Hospital of his Inability to claim the fame within the

Time limited by the said recited Acts, or either of them, it {hall and may be lawful to and for the said

Board of Directors, and they are hereby impowered, to order such Share to be refunded and paid to such

Naval Officer, Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, his Executors or Administrators, provided such Share of Prize

or Bounty Money {hall have been paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or his Deputy;

or if not paid into the Hands of the Taid Treasurer, or his Deputy, at the Time such Claim shall be made,

then such Claim {hall be entered in a Book, to be kept by the Secretary to the said Hospital, and the fame

&all be refunded and paid to such Naval Officer, Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, his Executors or Admini-

strators, as soon as such Share of Prize or Bounty Money {hall be received by the said Treasurer, or his

Deputy; and the Treasurer of the said Hospital shall be allowed such Payment on passing his Account

Before the Auditor of the said Hospital.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of

War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels.

* T7*OR the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on

* I; Board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels ;* be it enacted by the King’s most Ex-

cellent Majesty, by and \Vith the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the

passing of this Act, until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three,

and no longer (except in respect to such Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships or Vessels, which shall

be on their voyage before the said twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

three, who shall be, and are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning home navigated in the

Manner as herein-after is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any Merchant Ship, or other trading

Ship or Vessel, to be navigated by Foreign Seamen or Mariners, not being Natives of Great Britain, or of

any of the Colonies or Plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty’s natural or naturalized Subjects, to

as the Number of such Foreign Seamen or Mariners do not exceed three fourths of the Mariners at any one

Time employed to navigate such Merchant Ship, or other trading Ship or Vessel; and that one fourth at

Jeaftof the Mariners or Seamen so employed, be at all Times Natives, or his Majesty’s naturalized Sub-

jests of Great Britain (sudden Death, and Hazard and Casualties of War and the Seas, saved and ex-

.cepted) ; one Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles

the Second (intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation J, or any other

Statute or Law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained {hall extend to take away or restrain theEffcft

<*f any such Royal Proclamation as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, are impowered to make by virtue

of an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Supply

ef Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty s Ships of IVar> and on Board Merchant Ships and other trad-

ing Ships, and Privateers.

CAP. XVII.

JRn Act to repair, enlarge, and rebuild, Cobham, Leatherbead, and Godalming Bridges, in the County

of Surrey.

Preamble. The Bridges to be deemed County Bridges, and repaired as such. Allowing an Appeal

* against the Proportion of County Rates. The old Bridges veiled in the Clerk of the Peace. Pro-

€* prietors of Cobham Bridge to pay 400/. to the County Treasurer. Certain Pieces of Land in Leather•»

f4 head to be sold, for the Purposes of this Act. Power given to dig Earth and make Bricks.”

171

Seamen, Sec.

intitJed to their

Prize or Bounty

Money, if they

cUifn it within

four Yean after

it Ih»li become

due to Green-

wich Hospital ;

provided they

prove thrlr Ina-

bility to chim

the fame within

the Time limited

by the redtei

A

Preamble#

From the raffing

of thi* Act until

Marc 1785.

Merchant Ship?,

Sec. m iy fu uj-

vigated by rr«e

fourths Foreign

Seamen.

This Act not so

reOrain any

Rr.\ • ?nv ta-

rnation to be

ma ‘e pursuant

to j.. a cl I£

Geo. II.

CAP. XVIII.

'An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the thirty, third Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled. for laying a Duty of

two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterli, every Scots Pint of , Porter,

or Beer, brewed for Sale, or vended, within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Prom'jlr.

Majesty King George the Second, a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Act 33 Geo. n.

Z 2 « Sterling.

V^CTOv LC.

