A.D. 1782. Anno vicdimo fecundo Georgii III. C. 83.

N® XIII.

FORM of the JUSTICE’S Direction to excuse the Badge.

I A. B. a Justice of Peace for the County [Riding, Division, etcetera, as the Cafe shall be] of

having received Proof upon Oath before me, that C. 2>. a poor Person receiving weekly Relief from the

Parish, [Town(bip, etcetera, as the Cafe shall be] of in the County, etcetera, of

is a Person of very decent and orderly Behaviour, do hereby direct the Guardian [or Overseer, if no Guar-

dian] of the Poor for the said Parish, etcetera, to omit putting the Badge upon the Coat ($r Gown, if a

Female] of the said C. D. and to excuse his [or her] wearing the fame* as long as he [or DxeJ shall continue

lo behave orderly and decently.

Dated this Day of

N° XIV.

FORM of the Transfer of the Security for the Money advanced.

IDO transfer this Security, with all my Right and Title to the Principal Money hereby secured, and

to all the Interest now due, or hereafter to be due, untoC. D. his executors* Admiaistrators> and Assignt.

Dated this Day of

A. B+

Witness, E. F.

N° XV.

MODE of adjusting the first Account mentioned in the A& respetting Utensils, Materials*

Furniture, Rent, etcetera.

LET it be supposed that the Parishes or Town ships of A. B. C. and D. have agreed to be united

under the Authority of the Act; and that E. and F. are the Persons named in the Agreement as Arbitra-

tors, or Referees, to settle and adjust the Proportions which each Parish or Place is to pay.

It will be necessary for E. and F. at their first Meeting, to call upon the Officers of every such Parish*

Township, or Place, for their Assess'ments and Accounts, in order to fee what they have paid to their Poor,

cm a Medium of three Years preceding the Agreement i who are required by the Act to produce them,

under a Penalty for Refusal.

When the Arbitrators have got these Materials, it will be necessary to separate and deduct every Matter

which does not relate to the Poor ; for Instance, Money paid to the County Rates, or for the Expences of

the Constable, Headborough, or Militia, which are all now included in the Poor’s Rates ; and, as some of

these Parishes may have had Expences occasioned by Litigations about Settlements and Removals, and

others may not, they should exclude all such Expences in the Account.

When the Accounts have been so inspected and examined, and the proper Deductions made, they may

be supposed to appear

That A. has paid for the first of the three Years — ——

for the feeond Year ■ — — —

for the third Year -—— ~—

Making together

A third Part of which Sum (being A.'s Medium) will be —•

Let S.’s Payments be calculated in the fame Maimer, which may be supposed to amount, on

the Medium of three Years, to —

c:s L°, to — — — —

D.’s D% to ----- ----- -----

The total Amount of the annual Payments will be —- —

65 7 6

87 2 —

,05 — ——

*>7 9 6

*5 16 6

110 — —

97 — —

14.0 — —

4^ 16 6

Suppose the Month’s Expences paid by the several Parishes under the above Heads, according to the

Directions of the Act, should amount to £. 300, the Question will be, If£. ^3 2: 16: 6 (the Total Me-

dium of all the Parishes) require^. 3co, vvhjt Will £. 8;: 16 ; 6 require ? When that shall be woikcd by

the Rule of Three, multiplying the Third Number by the Second, and dividing it when Jo multiplied by the

First, the Answer will be,

That A's Proportion amounts to - — -

if.’s Proportion, when worked in the same Manner, will be — -

c:sD* — — —

D.’s D* ----- ----- -----

Vol, XIV. Part IL-

Making together the whole Sum expended

O A

$9 9 5

76 67 s —

4 7

97 t —

300 —

byWhe*

>o

