455

and for allCandles

in dr in Great

H Uain(rx.ept aj

above, one Haif-

pfftny perPound.

New Du'ies to

Ee levied and re*

covered, &c, in

the fame Man-

ner as the former

Du*.,e«,

Powers of the

of 8 ajid 9

Anrae, Ac, to oe

in Force in Exe-

cution of thit

Act.

All Stock in

Hjnd on Aug, ij

1784. to be !»-

af'lc to the new

Duty.

Dealers who have

"Contrafted to de-

liver C in ties af-

ter Aug. 1, 1^84,

may add (he new

Duties to the

Price thereof.

Small Rush

Lights, rnaJe

with Kitchen

Stuff for private

Use, not liable to

new Duties.

The new Dories

on Candles im-

puited to be Iu’d-

jest to (he a«idi.

tional 5 petC'ms.

on the Pioouce

thereof, io'puled-

by 19 Geo. 3,

Cuy z5. and 22

Gto. 3. Cup. 66*

Excite Officer*

impowertd, after

Aug. 1, 17*4* to

enrer the Hou cs,

&c. of Canale-

makers, and to

take an Account

of their S'oek,

determined by Day or by

N.ghr.

19 Geo. 2. Cap.

IX.

C. ii. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III, Se/T. 2.

For all Candles whatsoever (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles) which shall be so made in Great

Britain, one Halfpenny for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser

Quantity; the said Duties for the said Candles so to be made in Great Britain, to be paid by the Makers

thereof respectively.

II. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Duties by

this Act imposed for and upon all Candles imported or made as aforesaid, and all Arrearages thereof

shall and may, from Time to Time, be raised, received, levied, recovered, and secured, by such Ways

and Means, and under such Management, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power

of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such other Powers, and subject to such

Allowances, Drawbacks, Rules, and Directions, and in such Methods, Manner, and Form, as the like

Duties granted by an Act of the eighth Year, and by another Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of our

late Sovereign Queen Anues whereby certain Duties are laid upon Candles, towards raising her said late

Majesty’s Supplies for the Years one thousand seven hundred and ten, and one thousand seven hundred and

eleven, are by those Adb, or by any other Law or Statute thereby referred unto, or since made, to be

raised, received, levied, secured, or recovered; and that the said Acts of the eighth and ninth Years of the

Reign of Queen Anne, and all the Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Di-

rections, Matters, and Things therein contained, or thereby referred unto, or since enacted, for the

railing, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, or accounting for the said Duties upon Candles

thereby granted, or any Arrearages of the fame, are and shall be by Force of this Act continued, prac-

tifed, and put in Execution, for raising. receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, and accounting

for the Duties upon Candles by this Act granted, and making Allowances out of the fame, and all Ar-

rearages thereof, as fully and effe£lua'ly, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were particularly and at

large recited in this present Act.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all Candles (except Wax

and Spermaceti Candles) which any Tallow-chandler or other Sellers or Dealers in Candles in Great

Britain, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Use, shall be

poifdlcd of, or interested in, upon the said fir it Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

four, for Sale, there shall be yielded and paid to his said Majesty (over and above the Duties before this

Time imposed thereupon) the like Rates as are by this Act to be paid for Candles to be made after the

said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and that all the Directions, Powers,

Penalties, Forfeitures, Rules, and Clauses whatsoever, contained in the said Acts of the eighth and

ninth Years of the Reign of Queen Anney relating to the Stock of Candles, which was in the Hands of

any. Chandlers, or other Sellers of, or Dealers in Candles, or of others in Trust for them, or for their

Use, upon the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, or the twenty-fifth Day of March

one thousand seven hundred and eleven, respectively, shall, by Force of this Act, be exercised, practised,

and put in Execution, for ascertaining, securing, charging, levying, recovering, and paying the Rates by

this Act imposed upon the Stock of Candles which shall be in the Hands of any such Persons as afore-

said, upon the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and for making Al-

lowances and Drawbacks in respect thereof.

4 IV. And whereas (landing Contradls may have been made before the first Day of June one thousand

4 seven hundred and eighty-four, by Chandlers or other Dealers in Candles, for serving publick Offices,

4 Societies, or other Persons with Candles, to be delivered at a Time after the said first Day of Augujlont

4 thousand seven hundred and eighty-four,' it is hereby enacted, That the Persons serving such Candles,

after the said first Day of Augu[l one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, in pursuance of such former

Contracts, shall be allowed to add the Duties hereby charged upon such Candles to the Price thereof, and

shall be intitled by virtue of this Act to be paid for the fame accordingly.

V. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to charge the Duties on Candles herein before

mentioned, on such small Rush Lights as shall be made by any Person or Persons, to be used in his,

her, or their own Houses only, so as such small Ru(h Lights be only once dipped in, or once drawn

through Grease or Kitchen Stuff, and not all through any Tallow melted or refined; any Thing herein

contained to the contrary noiwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That thp Duties by this Act imposed upon

Candles imported, shall be subject and liable to the additional Duties or Imposts of five Pounds per

Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, severally imposed by the Acts respectively made in the ninetcentn

and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, upon the Produce and Amount thereof;

and that such additional Duties or Imposts of five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, shall

be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules and Regulations,

Powers, and Authorities, Ways, Means, and Methods, as the said additional Duties or Imposts are by

the said Acts of the Nineteenth and twenty-second Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, directed to be

collected and paid.

VII. And whereas great Frauds upon the Revenue are committed by the secret making of Candles,

4 without paying the Duties for the fame, which might, in a great Measure, be prevented, if the Officers

4 of Excise who furvry the Makers of Candles were authorised to enter the Workhouses and other Places

4 of such Makers of Candles, by Night as well as by Day, and to take an Account of the Candles there

4 making, without waiting for the Presence of a Constable or Peace Officer, in like Manner as Offices’

4 are authorised to enter the Workhouses of the Makers of Glass, by an Act made in the nineteenth Year

4 of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and

4 Duties upon Glfs% and upon Spirituous Liquors; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a

4 Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates ana Duties; and for obviating fame Doubts about making lput Orders

4 at

