A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georg 11 III. C. 71. 379

Defendants shall be intitled to the like Costs as he would have been intitled to in case he had pleaded the Beimitlei

General Issue only ; and if upon Issue so joined the Jury shall find chat no Amends were tenuered, or that to Cost,»

the fame were not sufficient, and also against the Defendant or Defendants in such other Plea or Picas, then

they shall give a Verdict for the Plaintiff and such Damages as they shall think proper, together with his or

her Costs of Suit.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Plaintiff, in any Cafe where an Action No Indent* of

shall be grounded on any Act done by the Defendant, shall be Derm it ted to produce any Evidence of the the Cause

Cause of futh Action, except such as shall be contained in the Notice to be given as aforesaid, or shall re- £odu”ed° except

cover any Verdict again!! such Officer, or Persons acting in his Aid, unless he shall prove on the Trial of is contain-

such Action that such Notice was given, and that in Default of such Proof the Defendant in such Action edin the Notice*

shall recover a Verdict and Costs as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case such Officer, or others aft ing in his Aid, shall ne- Defendant may

gleft to tender any Amends, or shall have tendered inefficient Amends, before the Action brought, it shall MQne>

and may be lawful for him, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall be brought, at any Time be- Couxu

fore Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he shall fee fit, whereupon such Proceedings,

Orders, and Judgments, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where

the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be of

brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done by any Officer or Of- Aa*on,#

ficers of Excile, or any others acting in his or their Aid, in Execution of, or by reason of his or their Of-

fice, such Afthxi or Suit shall be brought or commenced within three Months next after the Cause of Aftiorv

shall arise, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and tried in the County or Place where the Fast*

were committed, and not in any other County or Place ; and the Defendant or Defendants shall and may

plead the General Issue. and give the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if General Iflon

the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, or if,

upon a Verdict or Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or

Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, andhave such Remedies for the fame as any Defendant os Treble Coto.

Defendants can or may have in other Cafes where Costs are given by Law. \

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods liaWe to Duties of Ex- cuimen of v

cife, or Inland Duties, shall be seized by virtue of or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Goodtfeixed

Force, or hereafter to be made, or if any Action shall be brought by the Owner or Claimer of any such

Goods against any Officer or Officers of Excile or for the Inland Duties, or any Person acting in their Af- * Dutte^

fiftance, for any Thing done in pursuance of any such Act or Acts, the Proof of the Payment of the Ex-

cife or Inland Duties' upon the Goods so seized shall lay upon the Owner or Claimer of such. Goods, and

not on the Person who seized the fame, or against whom such Action shall be brought^

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall ob- Person*obstruct.

ftruft, assault, refill, oppose, mol eft, or hinder, any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of ing Officer* io

the several Powers and Authorities given or granted to such Officers by this Act, every Person or Persons so

offending shall (except in such Cafes for which other Penalties are herein-before directed) forfeit and lose, ion')!°

for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and For- Penalties tad

fcitures, imposed by this Act (and not herein-before otherwise directed) shall be iued for, recovered, levied; Forfeiture* bow

or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, asanyFine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be sued 10 ^iv?*

for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint; •®4aPPlled*

or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVeJltmnfter* or in the Court of Exchequer in

Scotland, respectively ; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty* or Forfeiture, shall be to his Ma-

jesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shalldiscover, inform, or fuc for

the fame.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Meflaages, Lands, Tene-

ments, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent* purchased in pursuance of an Act made

in the last Session of Parliament, to vest certain Messuages■* Lands* Tenements, and Heredita>

ments, in Trustees, for the better securing his Majestfs Docks* Ships> and States* at Ports-

mouth and Chatham.

4 1WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

• VV (intitled, An Act to vest certain Messuages* Lands* Tenements, and Her edit aments* in Trustees* for K*c\u\ of

* the tetterSecuring his Majestfs Docks* Ships* and Stores* at Portsmouth and Chatham) 5 certain Messuages, %x Ge*. Iili

4 Lands, Tenements, ana Hereditaments, therein mentioned, were veiled in the Right Honourable c»p.

• Charles Wolfran Cornwall, and other Persons therein mentioned; and their Heirs* in Trust nevertheless

4 for such Person or Persons, Bodies politick, or Corporate, Ecclesiestical or Civil, as, at the Time of mak~

4 ing the said Act, were the feveial and respective Owners thereof, according to their several Fftates and

* In ter efts, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, until such Estates and Interefh should be

4 respectively adjudged and determined, or Possession thereof taken, by the principal Officers of his Majesty V

4 Ordnance or Engineers, or other Officers acting under their Authority, which they were thereby im*

4 powered to do, whenever it should be found necessary for his Majestyfs Service, and until the Purchase

4 Monies for the fame, together with Interest from the Time of taking Possession, after the Rate of five

t Pounds per Centum for one Year* for the Sum that should be assessed as the true Value, thereof, should be

e

