A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 50. 347

General, and Copies thereof lodged in the Treasury and Bank of England \ and if any Person belonging to,

or who shall hereafter belong to, the said Office, /ball take or accept any Fee, Perquisite, Emolument,

or Reward, (other than and except the Salaries and Allowances above-mentioned) he shall be dismissed

from his Office or Employment, and be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty in any Employment

whatever for the Space of three Years.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thatall Fees paid at the Office of the Paymaster General,

since the tenth Day of October^ one thousand ieven hundred and eighty-two, and which shall be paid at the

said Office on or before the twenty fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three,

shall be depefited in the Hands of the Cashier of the said Office, or others authored by the said Paymaster

General, in order to form a Fund, from which a reasonable Augmentation to the Salaries and Appoint-

ments of the several Officers, Clerks, and Seivants, shall be made, for their Services during the aforesaid

Period; the said Augmentation to be regulated by the said Paymaster General, by and with the Concur-

rence of the Commissioners of the Treasury, and his Majesty’s Approbation obtained thereon, and not

otherwise ; and the Remainder shall be paid to the Treasurer or Vice Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital> to be

applied to the Fund for an Augmentation to the Half-pay of Officers, and others provided for by this A ft.

4 XIV. And whereas the Agents of the several Regiments, Troops, and Companies, of his Majesty’s

4 Army, have been accustomed to stop two Days Pay out of the Arrears or Clearings due to every Com-

* missioned .Officer, avowedly for the Purpose of discharging Fees of Office; and whereas such Stoppage

4 not Teeming to be warranted either from under the King’s Sign Manual, or from any other Authority

1 whatsoever be it enacted by rhe Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty fifth Day of De-

cember , one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no such Stoppage as aforesaid shall be made; and if

any Agent shall, after the said twenty-fifth Day of Decev.ber, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three,

presume to stop the said two Days Pay as heretofore, or any Part thereof, such Agent so offending shall be

dismissed from his Agency, and be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty in that Capacity for the Space

of three Y'ear 9.

4 XV. And whereas a considerable annual Sum of Money is or may be saved from the Allowance for

4 Clothing of certain Inva’id and Independent Companies, a large Part 0/ which Saving is or may be ren-

4 dered permanentbe it hereby enacted, That all Sums saved from the said Allowance, or brought in Ac-

count in consequence of any Savings to be made in the Administration of Chelsea Hospitaly shall be paid to

the Treasurer or Vice Treasurer of the said Hospiul, towards a Fund for an Augmentation to the Half-pay

t>f Officers who have been or (h dl be maimed or grievously wounded in his Majesty’s Land Service, or as an

Augmentation to the Pensions of Widows, or as Pensions to the Children of such Officers as have been

killed in the said Land Service, as his Majesty shall direct and appoint; provided that no Addition to Half-

pay, in consequence of Maims or Wounds, or Pensions to Widows whose Husbands have or shall have been

killed io his Majesty’s Service, shall exceed twenty-five Pounds a Year; nor shall the Allowance to a single

Child of an Officer killed exceed twenty Pounds a Year, nor be continued longer (if a Male) than to

twenty five Years of Age, or until he be provided for in his Majesty’s Service; or, if more Children are

left, the Share of each Child shall not exceed twelve Pounds a Year, to be continued to the Males as

aforesaid, and no otherwise.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con-

tained shall be construed to deprive the Paymaster General of the usual Allowances for himself, or for Con-

tingencies, nor to prevent him from administering or applying the said Contingencies according to the usual

Course of Office.

on Penalty of

Dismission, and

being incapaci-

tated for three

Year*.

Feet paid, and t9

be paid from

Qtf. 10, 1789,

to Dec. *5,

1783, ho* to

be dispoied of#

From Dec.

1783, Agenta

not to rinake any

Stoppages for

discharging Fe*»

of Office.

Savings in the

Clothing of In-

valid Compa-

nies, See. hour

to be applied*

Mot to deprive

the Paymaster of

the usual Allow-

ances for him-

ft If and for Con*

tingeociri.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed

to extend, to take away, diminish, or alter, the Power of the Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Forces to

appoint, remove, or change, at his Pleasure, all or any of the Officers and Clerks employed in his said

Office; or, with the Content and Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of

them, signified in Writing, to increase the Number of such Clerks, in case the Circumstances of the Bufi-

nefs of the said Office should render such an Increase necessary ; which said additional Officers and Clerks

shall, upon their respective Appointments, become mtiiled to the like Salaries as are herein-before directed

to be paid rothe Officers and Clerksin a similar Rank and Station in the said Office, and shall be subject to all

the Rules, Regulations, Privisions, Pains, and Penalties, to which the Officers and Clerks now existingin

the said Office are made by this Act.

4 XVIII. And whereas it appears, by the Report made by the Commissioners appointed to examine,.

4 take, and state, the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, that making the Payment of the Army more

4 simple, expeditious, and intelligible, would he of great Publick Utility: And whereas it is proper that

4 Regulations should be made for that Purpose be it enacted, Thar, from the twenty-fifth Day of De-

cember^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, all Estimates, Debentures, Clearing Warrants, and

all Warrants and Accounts, of whatsoever Nature they may be, belonging to the Army, whether for the

Space of one or more Years (an y Part or Parts of a Year, as the Service may require, excepted), shall be

made out from the twenty-fifth Day of December, in every Year ; any other Statute or Usage to the contrary

notwithstanding.

4 XJX. And whereas the dividing the Establiftiments under their several Heads of Service, would greatly

4 facilitate the aforesaid Purposes be it enacted, That the Secretary at War shall, and he is hereby directed

and required to form, or cause to be formed, Estimates for the several annual Services of which the Establifti-

ments of the Army consist ; that is to say, An Estimate of the Charge of the Pensions to be paid to the

Widows of Commissioned Officers ; an Estimate of the Charge of the Clothing of the Non-commissioned

Officers and Private Men of his Majesty’s Regular Forces j an Estimate of the Charge of Agency, charged

Not to take away

the Power of the

Pjymaster of re-

moving Officer*

employed in hit*

Office, Ac*

AM Eftfinater,

Debentures, &c*

to be m ivje out

annually from

Dec.

Secretary at

War to form

Estimates of the

several annual

Services under

distiaft Head*

