i8o

Officers ap-

pointed*

Cmntniffidftert

to appoint new

Officers.

Deputy Clerk to

be approved of

by (be Clerk.

Courts may fof-

pend Serjeants

for Miibchan-

©ur*

Cormrrifltorwri

to hear and de«*

lermine upon

Complaints a-

fciiaft their. Of-

ficers, at speciaL

Meetings*

lift of the Com-

iriifiioners to be

put up in the

Court,

Clerk to enter

the Decrees of

the Court in a

Bsok*

Bight Commis-

fioru’rs to be

summoned to

atrend upon

every Court

Day,

C. 27, Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III, A.D. 1782*

then by the senior Assistant of the said City, who shall be present; or in rafe none of the said Assistants shall

be present, then by tuch of the said Commissionm whole Names shall stand fiift in the Lift of the Coin-

tnissioners to be put up in the faidCourt, as herein-after mentioned ; and in case no Commissioner, whose

Name thall stand in such Lift, shall be present in the said Court, then by the senior Commissioner

then present.

V. And be it further enacted. That George Gates Gentleman, the present Town Clerk, being an Inha-

bitant, Houleholder, and fefident whhin the said City, shall be, and is hereby constituted and appointed

Clerk of the said Court; and that Richard Mizzeft^ and Ifaae AJizzen (being Inhabitants of the said

City), shall be, and are hereby constituted and appointed Serjeants of the said Court; and that the said

Clerk and Serjeants shall continue in such their reipecVive Offices, during their good Behaviour; and the

said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and may, at their tirft or any subsequent Court,

appoint some proper Person (being an Inhabitant of the said City) to be the Deputy Clerk of the said Court,

in order to execute the Office of Clerk at such Times as the Clerk shall, by Sickness or otherwise, be

prevented from attending the said Coart: And that as often as the Office of Clerk, Deputy Clerk, or Ser-

jeant, shall betome vacant by the Death or Resignation, or by the Removal out of the said City, of any

such Officer, the said Comfriissioners» or any three or more of them, (lull, and are hereby authorised and

required, at their first or second Court then next, to appoint another Officer of the said Court (being qua-

lified in the same Manner as such Officer so dying, resigning, or removing out of the said City), in the

Room of such Person as shall die, resign, or remove out of the said City.

VI. Provided always, That such Deputy Clerk of the said Court shall not be appointed, but by the Ap-

probation and Consent of the Clerk of the said Court for the l ime being, provided he shall assign suffi-

cient Reasons, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, against any

such Appointment: But if no Reasons shall be assigned to the Satisfadhon of the said Commissioners, or any*

three or more of them, then they shall and may, it they think proper, appoint such Deputy Clerk, without

the Approbation or Consent of the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being.

VII. And be it further enacted, Thu if Complaint shall be made to the said Commissioners, or any

three or more of them, at any of their said Monthly Courts, of any Misbehaviour or Neglcdt of Duty of

either of the Serjeants to the said Court; then the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall

and may, at the fame or any subsequent Court, examine into such Complaint, upon the Oath of any cre-

dible Witness ; and may, if they shall think proper, suspend such Serjeant from his said Office, and appoint

a proper Person (being an Inhabitant of the said City) to execute the said Office in the Room of the

Person so suspended, until the next Quarterly Meeting of the said Commissioners to be holden as

aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case Complaint shall be made to the said Commissioners, or

any twenty-three or more of them, at any of their said Quarterly Meetings, of any Misbehaviour or Ne-

gled of Duty of their Clerk, Deputy Clerk, or either of their Serjeants; that then the said Commissioners

or any twenty-three or more of them, shall and may, at such Meeting, examine into such Complaint,

upon the Oath of any credible Witness (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any three or more of

them, are hereby impowered to administer), and shall, and are hereby nuthorded and impowered, if they

shall think proper, to suspend or remove any such Officer from his said Office, and appoint a proper Person

in his Stead : Provided nevertheless, that no Complaint against any of the said Officers (except such Ser-

jeants as shall have been suspended by the monthly Court as aforesaid) shall be heard at any Quarterly

Meeting, unless fourteen Days Notice thereof, at the least, in Writing, signed by the Person or Persons

complaining, and specifying the Nature of the Complaint, shall have been given to, or left at the usual

Place of Abode of, the Person complained ag iirft.

IX. And be it further enacted. That the fard Clerk or Deputy Clerk shall, and is hereby required to

make a true and fair Lift of all the Commissioners, herein-before appointed, in the Order and Course in

which they shall be directed to be made out by the Commissioners present at the first Meeting of the said

Court; and to affix such Lift upon some proper and conspicuous Place, within the said Court, on the first

Day of holding such Court, and the fame shall rem in so affixed, until any new Commissioner or Commis-

sioners shall be appointed as aforesaid : And that, born Time to Time, on the first Court-day next after any

such new Commissioner or Commissioners shall be appointed, the said Clerk or Deputy Clerk shall cause a

true and fair Lift of the Commissioners for the Time being, in the Course and Order in which they shall

then (land, to be made and affixed in the said Court as aforctaid. And the said Clerk or Deputy Clerk shall*

cause a true and fair Entry or Register of allCaufes, Orders, Decrees, and Judgments, and other Acts and

Proceedings of the said Court, and also of the Quarterly Meetings of the said Commissioners, to be made

in a Book, to be provided and kept by the said Clerk for that Purpose; and any Person shall, at all’

feasonable Times, have free Liberty to peruse and infpcdl such Book, and to have or take Copies of

the fame.

4 X. And whereas it would tend to the better and more cafy Execution of this Act, if a certain Num-

c ber of the said Commissioners were to be summoned to attend the said Court, upon every Court Day •/ be

it therefore enabled. That, from and after the first Court shall have been holden in pursuance of this A

eight of the said Commissioners shall, from Time ro Time, be summoned to attend the said Court upon,

every Court Day, in Manner following ; that is to say, the said Clerk or Deputy Clerk shall, and is hereby

required, from Time to Time, to summon eight of the said Commissioners, beginning with the eight first

framed, and so on in the Rotation and Course in which their Names shall stand upon the Lift to he made as

aforesaid; which Summons shall be signed by the Clerk or Deputy Clerk, and left at the respetftive Houses

of the eight Commissioners, who, according to the Rotation aforesaid, ought to attend at the next

Court, by one of the Serjeant* of the said. Court, at lead three Days previous to the Day of holding

such Court.

* XI. Provided

