118

The Debtor!

Right and In*

terest, &c only

to We affected by

thu A a.

All Morgagei,

Ac. to take place

p(ef<rab e to

C1j» m of an in-

fer, or Nature.

Power! in Debt-

ors of leafing

Lands, Scc. veil-

ed in Afijgiieei.

The a^Ing

Gioler, at the

Time i f deliver-

ing the Lifts,

only liable lo be

l*oi n.

Court, on Re-

quifirion of B

Cred'for, to ad-

r>*:nit>er anOath

ro the Gaoler.

The Oath.

If such Person

ihnil not have

been Gaoler on

Jjn.i, ir*i,

then he shall

take the foUow-

i*g

Oath*

C. 63. Anno vicefijno primo Georg 11 111. A.D. 1781.

XXII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex end to prejudice or affect any Estate or

Interest, or Right whatsoever, of any other Person or Persons, other than the said Debtor, which may he

expectant upon, or subject unto, the Estate or Interest of the said Debtor, hereby vetted in the uid Cleric

of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace; but that the Estate, Interest,

and Right whatsoever, of every other Person or Persons, shall remain, continue, and be raved to them, in

the same Manner as if this Act bad not been made.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall ex*

tend, orbeconftrued to hinder or prevent any Mortgage or Mortga6es upon the Estate of such Debtor or

Debtors, or any Part* thereof, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, comprised

in such Mortgage or Mortgages respectively; nor to prevent any Statute-staple. Statute-merchant, Re-

cognizance, or Judgment, acknowledged by, or obtained against, any such Debtor or Debrors, to take

place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Real Estate of such Debtor or Debtors $ and also where any In-

quisition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution shall

have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer, upon any such Judgment before such

Discharge shall be given in open Session to any such Person as aforesaid, the personal Estate of every such

Debtor respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first Place, for so much as shall remain due upon such

Mortgage, Stature, Recognizance, or Judgment respectively, in like Manner as such Mortgagees and

Creditors, by Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment, would have been preferred to other Creditors of

an inferior Nature, against the real or personal Estate of such Debtor and Debtors respectively, if this

Act had not been made; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwith-

standing

4 XXIV. And whereas many Persons who may be intitled to, and claim the Benefit of this Act, are seised

* and possessed of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to hold to such Debtors for the Term of their

* natural Lives, with Power of granting Leases, and taking Fines, reserving small Rents on such Estates,

4 for one, two, or three Lives, in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number of Years determinable upon

c Lives, which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Debtors be it

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Cafe, all and every the Powers of leafing

such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which arc or shall be vested in any such Debtor or Debtors,

as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby vested in the Assignee or Assignees of the real and personal Estate of

such Debtor by virtue of this Act, to be by such Assignee or Assignees executed for the Benefit of all and

every the Creditors of such Debtors as aforesaid.

4 XXV. And whereas in some Gaols or Prisons in this Kingdom, the Office of Gaoler or Keeper is held

4 in Fee for Life, or otherwise, by Persons who never aft as Gaolers or Keepers themselves, or know any

4 Thing of tbePrifoners therein, but depute or employ some Person or Persons under them as Gaolers or

4 Keepers of such Gaols or Prisonsbe it therefore enacted. That, in every such Cafe, the Person who

shall have been actually employed and acted as deputed Gaoler or Keeper of any such Gaol or Prison, at

the Time of the delivering in the Lifts, hereby directed to be delivered in, of Prisoner9 in any such Gaol

or Prison, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, and not the

principal Gaoler or Keeper (unless where such principal Gaoler or Keeper shall act as Gaoler or Keeper

himselfj, shall take the Oath herein-before appointed to be taken by the Gaoler or Keeper of every such

G<rol or Prison.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices, at any General Quarter Sef-

fions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to which any Prisoner shall be biought in pursuance of this

Act, shall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoncror Prisoners, who shall eppofe hi*

or her Discharge, administer and give to the Gaoler, or the Person who aft* as Gaoler or Keeper of any

such Prison at the Time of bringing up any such Prisoner, in order to be discharged under this Act, an

Oath to the following Effect ; (that is to say),

‘ T J S. do swear, That was really and truly a Prisoner in my Custody, in the Prison

4 A of to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, at or upon the first Day of January, one

4 thousand seven hundred and eighty-one ; and that the Copy or Copits of the cause or causes of his

4 [or her] Commitment or Detainer, now by me brought with the Body of the said

4 and produced to this Court, is or are a true Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes of such Detainer or

4 Commitment, without any Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Person whatsoever, to the best of my

4 Knowledge and Belief.

So help me GO D.*

And if any Person who wms Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison,

on the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, or since, /hall not happen

to be the Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, at the Time any

such Lift as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then (he Justices, at any such Session, or at any

Adjournment (hereof, may and are hereby required to administer and give to the resptftive Person or Per-

fons, who shall be Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, and de-

liver in any such Lift as aforesaid, at any such Genera! or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, an

Oath, touching the Commitments, or Bocks of Commitment, of any such Prison, to the Effect following}

(that is to fayj

4 T A. B. do swear. That I have examined the Commitments, or Books kept of or concerning the Com-

4 * mitment, of Prison ere to the Prison Of in the [County, Riding, Division,

4 City, Town, Place, or Liberty of as the Cafe shall beJ $ and that I cfo verily bc-

6 * lieve

