A.D. 17S3. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III.

C. 79. 397

of

10 Geo, I,

cap* IQ*

CAP. LXXIX.

fin Act for the further encouraging the Growth of Coffee and Cocoa Nut$# in his Majesty*3

Islands and Plantations in America.

"IXTHEREAS by an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Preamile.'

4 ▼ ▼ First (intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon Coffee, Recital of

€ £*00 AWj, Chocolate, Pajle, imported $ granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof \

and for prohibiting the Importation of Chocolate ready-made, and Cocoa Pajle \ and for better ascertaining the

4 Dutiesfay able upon Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts, imported \ and for granting Relief to Robert Dalzell, late

€ Earl of Carnwath), ic was amongst other Things enabled and declared, T hat, in lieu of certain Duties,

4 then payable by former Acts, an Inland Duty mould be charged and imposed upon all Coffee to be sold

in Great Britain, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and

twenty-four, after the Rate of two Shillings ier Pound Avoirdupois; and in that Proportion for a greater

4 or lesser Quantity, over and above all Customs, Subsidies, and Duties, which then remained parable

/ to his Majesty for the fame, upon the Importation thereof: And whereas by an Act, made in the Fifth 5 Gco*

4 Year of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for encouraging the Growth of Coffee C1P*4«

in his Majestfs Plantation* in AmericaJ, after reciting there was great Reason to believe, that the Soil

and Climate of the Island of Jamaica, and other British Plantations in America, weie proper for the

4 Growth of Coffee; and that great Quantities of that Commodity might be produced in the said Plant-

4 ations, and from thence imported into this Kingdom, if Encouragement should be given for that Pur-

4 pose, to the great Advantage of this Kingdom, and of the said Plantations; therefore* for the en-

couraging the Growth of Coffee in the said Plantations, and the Impoitation of the fame into this

4 Kingdom, it was enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of Marche one thousand seven

hundred and thirty five, all Coffee of the Growth or Product of any of the Britip Plantations in

4 America should, in lieu of the said Inland Duties of two Shillings per Pound, pay an Inland Duty of

one Shilling and six Pence, and no more, per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and in that Proportion for a

4 greater or lesser Quantity; and that the Persons nominated and appointed, by virtue of the said therein and

4 herein first mentioned Act, to manage and collect the said Inland Duty arising thereby, should, and

4 were thereby impowered to take and receive the Sum of one Shilling ana six Pence per Pound Weight,

and no more, for all Coffee of the Growth and Product of the Brttip Plantations: And whereas the

4 lowering the Duty on Coffee, the Growth and Product of the British islands and Plantations in America,

4 would {till more encourage the Growth of Coffee in the said Islands and Plantations, if the Duty on

4 Coffee, the Growth and Produce of those Islands and Plantations, should be further lessened :* Now,

therefore, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confect of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame. That, from and after the fifth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-four, all Coffee, of th^ Growth and Produce of any of the BritiJI) Islands or Plantations in

America, shall, in lieu of the said Inland Duty of one Shilling and six Pence per Pound Weight, pay an

Inland Duty of six Pence per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and in that Proportion for a greater or kfler

Quantity; and the Persons nominated and appointed, by virtue of the said herein first mentioned Act, to

manage and collect the said Inland Duty to arise thereby, shall, and are hereby impowered to take and

receive the Sum of six Pence per Pound Weight, and no more, for all Coffee, of the Growth and Pro- ^0UtlV|inftet*

duce of the said BritiJI) Islands or Plantations above mentioned; any Thing in the said Act to the con- f,*e

tr3ry notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it rnafted. That the said Duty of six Pence per Pound Weight Avoir- The fafd Duty

dupois, shall be applicable to the Uses and Purposes contained and declared in the said Act of the tenth to he applicable

Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First 5 and all Officers employ-d in managing

»nd collecting the fame, and all Persons importing, felling, buying, or dealing in such Coffee, shall be ,on€ 'n

subject to the Rules, Limitations, Restrictions, Forfeitures, and Penalties, to be prosecuted, received,

and divided, in the Manner thereby prescribed and directed.

III, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers, Rules, Regulations,

Authorities, Directions, Methods, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, which, in

and by the said Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Se-

cond, are provided, settled, or established, for managing, raising, levying, collecting, regulating, or re-

covering, adjudging, or afeerwining, the Duties thereby granted, shall be exercised, applied, uled, and

put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying* collecting, mitigating, recovering, afeer-

taining, and paying, the said Duty upon Coffee, hereby imposed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents 19

and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Regulations, Authorities, Directions, Me-

thods, Clauses, Penalties, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the

JBody of this present Act.

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That all Coffee, so to be brought from the said

Islands or Plantations, shall be imported in such Packages, and in such Manner, and under such Rules,

Regulations, Restrictions, and Forfeiture*, as in and by an Act, made in the fifth Year of his present a m and uiHler

Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for the better securing, and further Improvement, of the Revenues of RrguU-

Cujtoms> Excise, Inland and Salt Duties; and for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the lfle of Man; tion», at men-

and for allowing the Importation of everal Goods, the Produce and Manufacture of the said island, under cer~ oon'd » Atk

tain ReJlriCiions and Regulations), are provided and required. # 5 Geo»

\ V. And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (in-

€ tituled, An Act for repealing the Duties payable ut )on Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting cer- Geo. IIU

Vol. XIV. Part III. F f f b*

from }*.

PTodMte of th*

British ttlandi.

Sec, in America,

to pay an Inland

Duty of 6d. per

Act 10 Geo. I,

All the Powers,

Regulations, Sc*9

for raising and

recovering the

Duties granted

by Act 5 Geo.IT#

shall be appli-

Coffee imported

from the said

Iflandf, Scc. to

be in far h Pack-

