A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 77.

who took the fame for three Years from the Dates thereof; and in case no Prosecution shall be commenced

for some Breach or Non-performance of the Conditions thereof within three Years after the Dates of such

Bonds; or if, upon such Prosecution, Judgement be not obtained for his Majesty within the Space of two

Years after the Prosecution is commenced, such Bonds shall be void, and shall be cancelled, but not other-

wife.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be

sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person and

Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and shall give this Act, and the special Matter in'Evidence ;

and if afterwards a Verdidshall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff shall discontinue his

Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him upon Demurrer or other wise, then such

Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton In

Great Britain. '

TT THEREAS t is of Consequence that the Manufactures produced from the Raw Materials of Flax

VV and Cotton, employing and maintaining great Numbers of his Majesty’s Subjects, should bepre-

served, promoted, and encouraged, but which are now greatly obstruded by the high Duties payable 011

1 Sope, Starch, and other Articles necelfirily employed andconfumed therein;* be it therefore enacted by

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from

and after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty*four, it shall and may be lawful

to and for any Person or persons in the manufacturing of Flax or Cotton, and bringing the fame to a fimfh-

ed State for Sale, or in any Part of the Process or Progress thereof, and who shall employ, spend, and con-

fume any Quantity or Quantities of Sope or Starch, in the preparing, bleaching, whitening, and bringing

of Flax or Cotton to a finished manufaduie for Sale, or in any Part of the Progress of the fame (excepting

Sope employed, spent, and confirmed in whitening new Linen in the Piece for Sale, the Drawbacks on

which shall be and remain the fame as by any former Act or Acts of Parliament), or to and for his, her, or

their Overseers or Chief Workmen employed under him, her, or them, in those Works, or any of them,

at the End of each Year from the Date of the Entry herein-after directed to be made, or within six Months

thereafter, to make Proof determined by the Oath of the Person or Persons who shall so employ, spend, or consume

the said Sope or Starch, or of his, her, or their Overseer, or Chief Workman, before the Collector or Super-

ior of Excise of the Distridor Division, or either of them, where Sope or Starch, or either of them, shall

be so employed, spent, and consumed (who are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer

the fame); which said Oath shall specify the Kinds and Quantities of the Manufactures so made, prepared,

whitened, or finished, and the Days between which, and the Places where the fame were lo made, prepared,

whitened, or finished respectively, and the Quantities and Kinds of the Sope or Starch which vvese actually

employed, spent, and consumed therein; and that m> Allowance or Drawback, by virtue of this or any

other Act or Acts of Parliament, was before made to such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or f ir his, her,

or their Benefit, of the Duties payable for the Sope or Starch so specified in such Oa h, or any Part there-

of and that upon the making of every such Oath, the said Collector of Excise, out of the Money in his

Kinds which shall havearifen for the Duty upon Sope, granted determined by an Act made in the tenth Year of the

Reign of_her late Majesty Queen Anns (intituled, An Act for laying several Duties upon all So pande Paper

made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and fh'ipcd Linens impvted; and u! on

certain Siiks, Callicocs, Linens, and Stuff's, printed, painted, or pained; and upon several Kinds of Stamped

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets, and Advertijemeats f for raising

the Sian of eighteen hundred thousand Pounds by nay of Lottery, tovrards her Maie/lys Supply; ant for licet jin*

an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice; and for better fe-

cunng her Mayfly s Duties to arise in the Office for the Stamp-duties by Licences for Marriages and other'id ft;

and for Relief of Persons who have not claimed their Lotte/y Tickets in due Time, or have l:ti Exchequer dills, or

Lottery Tickets; and for borrowing Money upon Stock (Part of tloe Capital of the South Sea Company) for the

Vjeof the PuhlickJ; and continued by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his late M *i<fty King

George the Firlf, intituled, An At? for redeeming the Duties and Revenues which were settled to pay ff Principal

and Inter ejl cn the Orders made so'th on four Lottery Acts, pafful in the ninth and tenth Tears of her if e M d pfs

Reign; and for redeeming certain Annuities payable on Orders cut of the Hereditary Excise, according is a soma r

Act in that Behalf; and for establishing a general yearly Fund, not only for the future Payment of Annuities at Je-

veral Rates, to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England and redeemable determined by Parliament; but a Jo to

raise Monies for such Proprietors of the said Orders as shall choose to be paid their Principal and Arrears of In*

Ur ejl in ready Money; and for making good such other Deficiencies and Payments as in this At? are mentioned;

and for taking off the Duties on Linfecd imported, and Biitdn Linen exported); (ha'l, and is heiehy authorised

and required forthwith to pay to the said Manufacturer or Manufacturers a Drawbick of the Duty on Sope,

at the Rate of three Farthings for every Pound Weight of Hard Sope, andthre: Fartrings for every Pound

Weight of Soft Sope, which shall be used and consumed in preparing and finishing ail Manufactures from

Flax or Cotton for Sale (except such Sope as shall be used in whitening new Linen in the Piece, in order for

Sale); and the said Collector, out of the Money in his Hands which shall have arifin for the Duties upon

Starchy, shall, and is here by authorised and required to pay to the said Manufacturer or Manufacturers,a Dr aw-

back of the Duties on Starch, at the Rate of one PennyHalfpenny for every Pound Weight of Starch which

393

the Officer!

Hands, &c.

Persons futd fot

ex»*cuti. g this

At} tiv pVad

the Oner3f

1*1 nr, d shall

be entitled to

Tieble Coils,

Preamble*

From Jan. r,

1784, Manu-

hdu-e's of Fine

and Cwtton, &c#

to m.-ke Oath,

b fore a proper

Office*-, of the

Quantities of

so.*e and Starch

consumed by

them in ea h re-

fprftive Manu-

facture, &c.

Cvdic^r r, out

ot ilit- M ney in

h'r. Ha o> f t the

Duty on Sope,

cr^nte ! by 10

Annie, cap. 19 j

and continued by

3 Ge». I. cap. 7.

fh.tll pjv to such

M *nuu^'irers a

a D-aw back 00

ail Sope so uiei j

(Exception ;)

and out of the

Muncy in his

Hands of <he

Duiiec on Starch,

a Drawback cn

allSurch lo uied«

