A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III.

C. 6a.

109

>1

1*1

'C!

:d

;ai

!JUf

?«»•

ICQ*

!tf.

*roi

ift

tb#

CTCa ;

3

(*•

few* ’•

bunt

ltW }

lt\U*

¥.

unit

1*

1*

Preamble,

Recital of aa

Act Sand 9

Col. III.

iotstf

’llfr

il^

w

tt#

i<ri

*4

ort4

the Proprietors and Occupiers of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so revefled as aforesaid, reverted u*k,

Inch Costs, Damages, and Expences, as they have sustained or been put unto by reason or means of the *c- *VE*:

several Matters aforesaid.

been put unto

in confe<joeoce of the reared Act.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That the said Commissioners shall not be hereby authorised to allow any ProWfe rehti'af

Thing for the- Attendance cf Counsel, unless they shall be of Opinion that the particular Cafe required to the Allow-

such Attendance, which Opinion they mall certify in their Decree; and that they shall not be authorised *ftCC ftiT A*

in any Calc to allow for more than one Counsel, nor more to any Counsel than they shall judge to be a

fufRcient Compensation to such Counsel for the Time he actually attended, although he may have been . C

employed by different Clients; in which Cafe the Sum so adjudged shall be allowed in equal Shares to each

of the Clients who may have employed him.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of

King William the Third (intituled, An AR fer the lessening the Duty upon Tin and Pewter

exported, and granting an Equivalent for the Jame by a Duty upon Drugs)> so far as the fame

relates to the Importation of Drugs from the Ruffian Dominions; and also an Act made

in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An AR for the further

Improvement of his Majestfs Revenue of Customs, and for the Encouragement of Officers making

Seizures, and for the Pre vention of the clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of his Ma~

jesty's Dominions)9 to permit the Importation of Orchillia Weed, and Cobalt, during the

present Hostilities, from any Place whatsoever, in British9 Irish, or Neutral Ships ; and

to permit Sugars, the Growth of Demerary and Effequibo, to be imported into Great Bru

tain, upon Payment of the like Duties, and under the like Restrictions, as Sugars of the

Brit'fit 1 (lands in the JVeji Indies.

• XT 7 HE REAS by an Act of Parliament in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of King Wit-

1 VV Ham the Third, intituled, An AR for the lessening the Duty upon Tin and Pewter exported, and

1 granting an Equivalent for the fame by a Duty upon Drugs ; after reciting that. Whereas by an Act, made

4 in the twelfth Year of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, ASubfidy granted to the King of Ton*

1 nage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable uton Merchandizes exported and importedit was pro-

1 vided, That all Drugs, imported directly from the Place of their Growth in English built Shipping, be

4 rated one thiid Part of what is charged in the Boole of Rates, and no more *, it was, amongst other

4 Things, enacted. That the Subsidy to be received for all Drugs imported directly from the Place of

4 their Growth in English built Shipping, shall be according to the full Value on the respective Species

1 enumerated in the Book of Rates, and not according to the said Abatement; and for ail Drugs otherwise

4 imported. Treble such full Value: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether Drugs, the Growth of

4 Russia, imported from certain Ports in Russia, which were not f'ubjeft to, and under the Dominion of,

4 the Ruffian Empire, at the Time of passing the said recited Act, can be now imported from such Ports

4 upon Payment of the single Duty ;’ for obviating which Doubts, be it enacted by the King’s most Excel-

lent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the

twentieth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, all Drugs of the Growth, Produc-

rion, or Manufacture, of any Part of the Dominions of Russia, which shall be laden and shipped at any

Port or Place subject to and within the said Ruffian Dominions, and imported from thence ;n British built

Shipping into this Kingdom, shall be deemed and taken to be imported directly from the Place of their

Growth, Production, or Manufacture, and shall be liable to and pay Duties accordingly *, any Thing in

the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 II. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

4 jesty, intituled, An AR for the further Improvement of his Majestys Revenue of CuJloms\ and for the En~

4 courugement of Officer1 making Seizures', and for the Prevention of the clandestine Running of Goods into any

4 Part of his Majestfs Dominions ; it is, amongst other Things, enacted. That it shall and may be lawful

4 to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs to cause all Ships, Vessels, and Boats, and all

4 Goods, of what Kind soever they may be (excepting only such Vessels, Boats, and Goods, as arc by

1 Law liable to be burnt), which shall be seized by any Officers of the Customs for unlawful Importation,

4 or for Nonpayment of Duties, or for any other Cause of Forfeiture, and condemned according to Law,

1 to be sold publicly to the best Bidder, at such Places as the said Commissioners shall think proper ; and

4 all and every Officer who shall seize such Goods, shall, for his and their Encouragement, be allowed by

1 the said Commissioners one Moiety of the neat Produce arising by the Sale of tuch Seizure, after the

4 deducting the Charges of Condemnation and Sale from the Whole; and the said Commissioners (half

4 cause the other Moiety thereof to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, in lieu of his

4 Majesty's Share thereof (excepting in those Cafes which are otherwise provided for by the said Act):

4 And whereas it is by the said Act provided and further enacted. That if the Produce of any particular

4 Seizure, fold in pursuance of the said Act, shall not be fufRcient to answer the Expences of Cundemna-

4 lion and Sale, or if, upon the Trial of any Seizure, a Verdict shall be given for the Claimant, and the

4 Ship

After July *0,

178»f «i! Drug*

the ProduQiou

of Ruftu, im-

ported from

thence In British

built Shipp’ng,

stall be deemed

to be itnpor ed

from the Place

of their Growth,

ice.

Recital of 3

Geo. lU. Cap.

aa.

