Seff. i.

422

No Perfofl, ifttr

Much *5, J7S4,

to write or sign

any Bill of Ex-

change, Prom if-

fory Note, or

Receipt, liable

to any Stamp-

foty by the A&

of lift Session,

except on damp-

ed Paper, See,

on Penalty of 5!.

All Personi in-

demnified for

haring signrd

such Receipts,

Ac. on undamp-

ed Paper, before

•he Commence-

ment of tbia

a a.

Drafts on Bank-

ers, not payable

to the Bearer, to

be liable to the

lame Duties at

Bill* of Ex-

change, ltc4

Notes, Ac. un-

der 40s. not

liable to any

Doty.

Persons required

to give a Receipt

may provide the

Stamp, and

charge the Va-

lue thereof.

Receipts for the

Purchase Money

in any Publick

Fund, or for Di-

vidends thereof,

not Ihb'.e to the

Duty;

nor those for

Drawbacks, Sec,

C. 7. Anno vicesimo quarto Gbough III.

4 And whereas by several of the Laws now in Force, relating to the Stamp-duties on Vellum, Parchment,

4 and Paper, it was enailed, That if any Person or Persons should ingross or write, or cause to be in-

4 grofled or written, upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, any of the Matters or Things for which the

4 laid Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, is thereby charged to pay any Duty, before such Time as the faii

4 Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, shall be marked or stamped as aforesaid, or upon which there shall not

4 be some Mark or Stamp relembling the fame; or should ingross or write, or cause to be ingrossed or

4 written, any Matter or Thing upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, that should be marked or

4 stamped for any lower Duty than the Duty by such Acts payable for what should be so ingrossed

4 or written, such Person so offending should, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds

4 and by other of the said Laws the Penalty and Forfeiture imposed on such Offence is ten Pounds: And

4 whereas Doubts have arisen, whether the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament extends any

• or either, and which of the Penalties prescribed by the said former Acts of Parliament, to Bills of Ex-

4 change, Promiflbry and other Notes, and Receipts or other Discharges given for the Payment of Money,

4 on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not properly damped:’ For Remedy whereof, and to obviate such

Doubts, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s mod Excel-

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-

fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, all and every Person or Persons who

shall write or sign, or cause to be written or signed, any Bill of Exchange, Promiflbry or other Note, or

any Receipt or other Discharge given for the Payment of Money, liable to any Stamp-duty charged by

the said recited Act of the lad SeiTion of Parliament, upon any Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper,

without the fame being fird duly damped as in and by the said Ait is direiled, or upon which there mail

not be some Stamp or Mark resembling the fame, he, (he, or they shall, for every such Bill of Ex-

change, Promiflbry or other Note, or any such Receipt or other Discharge, so written or signed, forfeit

and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as in and by the said recited Act is direiled,

or in Manner herein-after mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be liable to

any Prosecution for having written or signed, or caused to be written or signed, previous to the Com-

mencement of this Act, any Bill of Exchange, Promiflbry or other Note, or any Receipt or other Dif-

charge for the Payment of Money, upon any Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not duly damped

according to the Direitions contained in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament.

4 III. And whereas Drafts or Orders for the Payment of Money on Demand upon any Banker, or

4 Person or Persons ailing as a Banker, residing or transailing the Business of a Banker within ten Miles

4 of the Place of Abode of the Person or Persons drawing such Draft or Order, are exempted by the said

4 herein-before recited Ail from the Payment of the Stamp-duty thereby imposed : And whereas it might

4 tend to prevent Evasions, if such Exemption was confined to Drafts or Orders made payable to the

4 Bearer be it therefore further enailed, That all Drafts or Orders, for the Payment of Money on

Demand, upon any Banker, Person or Persons ailing as Bankers, which are not drawn payable to the

Bearer, shall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be liable to and charged with the Stamp-duties by the

said herein-before recited Act imposed upon Foreign or Inland Bills of Exchange, Promiflbry Notes, of

other Notes, Drafts, or Orders; the herein-before recited Exemption in the said Ail to the contrary thereof

not with (landing.

‘ IV. And whereas it was not the Intention of the said recited Ail to fubjcil to any Stamp-duty any

* Note, Draft, cr Order, which may be legally given for any Sum not amounting to forty. Shillings

therefore be it enailed, That no Stamp-duty shall be required for or on account of any Draft, Order, or

Note, which may legally be given, wherein the Sum expressed or made payable does not amounr to the

Sum of forty Shillings.

4 V. And whereas, by the said herein-before recited Ail, the Duty thereby granted on Receipts is

4 direiled to be paid by the Person requiring the fame (except as therein is excepted), and a Penalty is

4 by this Act imposed on any Person who shall give a Receipt on any Parchment, Vellum, or Paper, not

4 properly stamped as by the said Ait is direiled : And whereas it would be a great Convenience to Traders

1 and others to furnish the Receipt properly stamped, if they were allowed to make a Charge thereof;’

be it therefore enailed, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons required to give any

Receipt, to provide the Paper stamped and marked as by the said recited Ail is direiled; and such Person

or Persons shall and may add the Value of the Stamp to the Debit of the Account of the Person requir-

ing the fame, or to the Demand, for the Discharge of which the said Receipt was required; which said

Charge so made shall be allowed to be good and valid in any Court of Law or Equity.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act, or in the herein-before re-

cited Ait contained, shall extend* or be construed to extend, to charge or impose any Stamp-duty upon

any Receipt given or to be given for the Consideration for the Purchase of any Share in any Publick Stock

or Fund, or in the Stocks of the Corporations of the Bank of England, East India Company, ox South Sea

Company, or for the Dividends paid or payable on such Shaies of the said Stocks.

Vii. Provided always, and it is hereby further enailed by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this

Ail, or in the before-recited Ail of the Jaft Session, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any

Receipt given or required to be given for any Money payable by Law to any Merchants for Drawbacks or

Bounties upon the Exportation of any Goods or Merchandizes from this Kingdom, nor to any Certificates

of over Entry of any Duties of Customs, nor to any Portage Bills allowed to Masters of Ships or Vessels

for making a just and true Report of their Caigo at the Custom-house ; any Thing in this Act, or any

Other Ait or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Pro-

7

