The TITLES of the STATUTES.

I2< An Act to authorise the Removal of Prisoners in certain

Cafes; and to amend the Laws respecting the Trans-

portation of Offenders.

13. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that

Part of Great Britain called England for one Year, be-

ginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand

Seven hundred and eighty-four; and for lessening the

Number of Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace

to act in the Execution of the Daws relating to the

Militia.

14. An Act to continue the Provisions of an Act of the

twenty-third of his present Majesty, for granting a

Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams

andTillettings, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes

and. Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted,

stained, or dyed in Great Britain, for a limited Time.

15. An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an

Act made in the last SeiTion of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being re-

quired from Ships belonging to the United States of Ame-

rica; and to give to his Ala]{fly, for a limited Time, cer-

tain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce

between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions, and the

Inhabitants of the said United States.

16. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of

Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of

Pjotestant Purchasers.

17. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore.

18. An Act for regulating, and rendering more effectual,

the Exaftion of the Statute-work within the Shire of

Edinburgh; and for authorising the Trustees for putting

in Execution several Acts for repairing the High Roads

in the County of Edinburgh, to borrow, upon the Cre-

dit of the Tolls arising within the District of Lafwade, a

further Sum of Money, to be applied for Payment of

certain Sums borrowed on the Persona! Security of the

said Trustees; and for further repairing the Roads within

the said District.

19. An Act for settling the Rates of the Carriage.of

Passengers and Goods for Hire to and from the ille of

Wight. J

20. An Act for the Appointment of an additional Overseer,

for the better Government of the Poor of the Parish of

Bradford, in the County of Wilts.

21. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Ouse, at

Newhaven, in the County of Sussex.

22. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Act, passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road

from Shillingford, in the County 0/"Oxford, through Wal-

lingford and Pangborne, to Reading, in the County of

Berks; and for building a Bridge over the River Thames,

at or near Shillingford Ferry.

23. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers

of an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, widen-

ing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirkby Ken-

dall, in the County a/’Westmorland, to Kirkby Irelcth, in

the County of Lane after.

24. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the fourth Y ear of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for repairing and ividcning the Road from B ram-

cote Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to The

Cross Post upon Smalley Common, in the County of

Derby; and from Ilktfton to the Towns of Her. nor and

Shipley, in the said County of Derby; and from Trowell,

in the County ^Nottingham, to the Town ^Nottingham\

except lb far as relates to the Road leading from llkcjlm

to the Town of Shipley.

25. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act

of the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for repairing the Roads from Lemsford Mill, through

Welwyn and Stevenage, and by Cory’s Mill to Hitchin,

and from Welwyn, through Codicot to Hitchin, in the

County of Hertford.

26. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Act, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the

South End of Newton Abbott to the PaJTage I say in

Kingfwear, oppofte Clifton Dartmouth Hardncis; and

from the End of a Lane leading out of the Turnpike Read

between Newton Abbott and'l otnes, towards Abbott’s

Kerfwell to Five Lanes; and from Langver’s Barn to

the said Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and

Totncs; and from Galmpton Warb©rough: to Monk's

Bridge and Brixham Quay; and from Langver’s Barn

to the North End of Paington Town, ail in the County

of Devon.

27. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the second Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for repairing, and widening the Road from the

Loltwithiel Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Creed, in the

County of Cornwall, through Tregony, to Ruan Lant-

horne; and from Dennis Water to Three hundred Yards

on the South Side e/'Trethim Mill, in the Parish of Saint

Just, in the said County.

28. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

the Road from Castle-Street, at the End of the Town of

Hinckley, to Lutterworth Town’s End; and from or

near the Guide Poji at Walcot Towrds FjoJ, in the

County of Xeicester, to the Eighty Mile Stone in W el ford

Field, in the County ^Northampton.

29. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of two

Acts, made in the sixteenth and twenty-second Years of

the Reign of his late Maj :fty King George the Second,

for repairing the High Road from Gorougnbridge, in the

County of York, to Catherick, in the same County; and

from thence to Piers- Bridge, on the River Tecs.

30. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Read

from the Turnpike Road at or near the Town 0/ Swindon,

to the North Lad or Side of the Town cf Marlborough

and from the said Town of iYfarlborough’ to the Village f

Everlcy, in the County of Wilts.

31. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers, of an Act of the third Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, ar.d

keeping in Repair, fveral Roads leading from the Town of

Barnstaple, in the County of Devon.

32. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers ,

of an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for refairing and wi-

dening the Road from Cofham, in the County of South-

ampton, to the City of Chic better.

33. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an

Act, made in the third Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Fourteen Mile

Stone, in the Parish tf/’Moihvey, to Tavern Spite, in tie

County ^/’Carmarthen; and for repairing, amending, and

keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said

County.

34- An

y

