22

Sugar Blue

Crown Siie, I I.

3d. per Ream j

Purple Royal*

1 s. per Ream j

B’ue Elephant,

I*. 6 J. per

Ream j

Blue Royal, it.

per Bundle;

Blue Demy Blof-

fom, 11. 3d.

per Bundle;

B'ue Crown

Single, ^d. per

Bundle;

Royal Hand

Thick, 10 d.

per Ream \

Royal Hand,

1 u per Bundle ;

Lumber Hand,

it. per Bundle;

Double Two

Pound, 9 d.

per Bundle;

S:ngle Two

Pound, 4 d. per

Bundle j

Middle Hand

Double, it. 6d*

per Bundle;

Middle Hand,

9d. per Bundle;

Small Hand

Double, 11. per

Bundle;

Small Hand,

6d» per Bundle;

Coupln Pound

and Half Pouod,

4d. per Bundle;

I on pm j I Cap.

it. per Ream;

fiavon Cap. gd,

per Ream;

Bag Cap. 8d.

per Ream;

Kentish Cap.

id. per Ream;

Four Pounds,

6 d. per Ream ;

Small Cap. ^d.

per Ream;

Double Four

Pounds, 11. per

Ream:

Single Two

Poundt, 6 d. per

Boodle ;

Couplet Pound

and Half Pouod,

4d. per Bundle)

Pasteboard,

Millboard, Ac.

4a. id. per

Hundred

Weifht.

C. 24. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue Crown Size, not exceeding the Di-

menfions of fifteen Inches by twenty Inches, one Shilling and Three-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Purple Royal, not exceeding the Dimensiont

of nineteen Inches and an Half by twenty-four Inches and a Quarter, one Shilling:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Blue Elephant, not exceeding the Dimensiont

of twenty-three Inches by twenty eight Inches, one Shilling and Sixpence ;

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain, called Blue Royals not exceeding the Dimension* of

nineteen Inches and an Half by twenty*four Inches and a Quarter, two Shillings;

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain, called Blue Demy and BloJ/ornf not exceeding the

Dimensions of seventeen Inches by twenty-two Inches, one Shilling and Three*pence:

For every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain, called Blue Crown Single, not exceeding the Di-

menfions of fifteen Inches by twenty Inches, Nine-pence:

For every Ream of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Royal Hand Thickt not ex-

ceeding the Dimensions of twenty-four Inches by nineteen Inches and a Quarter, Tcn-pence :

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Royal Hand, not exceeding

the Dimensions of twenty-four Inches by nineteen Inches and a Quarter, one Shilling:

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Lumber Hand, not exceeding

the Dimensions of twenty-three Inches by eighteen Inches, one Shilling :

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Double Two Pound, not ex-

ceeding the Dimensions of twenty-four Inches by sixteen Inches, Nine-pence:

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Single Two Pound, not ex-

ceeding the Dimensions of sixteen Inches by eleven Inches, Four-pence :

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Middle Hand Double, not ex-

ceeding the Dimensions of thirty-three Inches by twenty-one Inches, one Shilling and Six-pence :

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Middle Handy not exceeding

the Dimensions of twenty-two Inches by sixteen Inches, Nine-pence :

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Small Hand Double, not ex-

ceeding the Dimensions of thirty-two Inches by twenty Inches, one Shilling :

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Small Handy not exceeding

the Dimensions of nineteen Inches and three Quarters by sixteen Inches, Six-pence :

For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Couples Pound and Half Pounds

not exceeding the Dimensions of twelve Inches by ten Inches, and of nine Inches by seven Inches and an

Half, Four-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain, called Imperial Cap. not exceeding the Dimensions of

twenty*nine Inches by twenty-two Inches, one Shilling :

For every Ream of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Havon Cap. not exceeding the Dimen-

fions of twenty-four Inches by twenty Inches, Nine-pence :

For every Ream of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Bag Cap. not exceeding the Dimensions

of twenty-three Inches and an Half by nineteen Inches, Eight-pence':

For every Ream of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Kentish Cap. not exceeding the Dimen-

fions of twenty-one Inches by eighteen Inches, Six pence:

For every Ream of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Four Pounds, not exceeding the Dimen-

fions of twenty Inches by sixteen Inches, Six-pence:

For every Ream of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Small Cap. not exceeding the Dimen-

fions of twenty Inches by fifteen Inches, Four-pence :

For every Ream of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Double Four Pounds, not exceeding the

Dimensions of thirty-three Inches by twenty Inches, one Shilling:

For every Bundle of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Single Two Pounds, not exceeding the

Dimensions of sixteen Inches by eleven Inches, Six-pence:

For every Bundle of Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Couples Pound and Half Pounds not

exceeding the Dimensions of twelve Inches by ten Inches, and of nine Inches by seven Inches and an

Half, Four-pence:

For every Hundred Weight of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, made in Great

Britain for Clothiers and Hotpreflers, four Shillings and Six-pence: And after those Kates for any greater

or less Quantity of fuqh Papers, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, respectively:

Which

