The TITLES of the STATUTES.

36. An Act for amending, regulating, cleansing, lighting,

watching, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Lanes, and

Passages, within the Borough of The Devizes, ill the

, County of Wilts', and for preventing Nuisances, Annoy-

ances, and Ob(lru3ions therein. ,

37. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the four-

teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in*

tituled9 An Act to prevent the Exportation to foreign Parts

cfUtevfils made use of in the Cotton, Linen, Woollen, and

Silk Alannfafturcs of this Kingdom.

58. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of fmail

Debts, within the Town and Liberties of Beverley, In

the County ol York, and the several Parishes of the lame

7'own.

37. An Act for further feruring the Property of the Own-

ers in such Ships or Vtiiels as are liable to Forfeiture for

importing Spirits or other Goods, by the Misconduct of

the Mailers, Mates, and Seimen.

4'. An Act for extending the Provisions of three Acts,

made in the twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, and

in the tenth and nineteenth Years of his present iVLjeflv's

Reign,/sr granting a Bounty on certain Species of British

and Irish Linens exported, to Brit if) and Irish Linens,

British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with

Linen, printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain,

and to Buckrams and Tilletir.gs exported during the

Time, therein limited; and for taking off the Duties pay-

able upon the Importation of that Species of Blue called

Smaits.

41. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for tuc Service of the Year one thou-

fanil seven hundred ar.d eighty-one.

42. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thou-

fund seven hundred and eighty-one.

45. An Act for continuing an Act, made in the twentieth

Year of (he Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An

Act for exempting the City of Winchester, the County of

- Southampton, the Town of Shrewsbury, and the County of

Salop, out f the Provisions of an Act, made in the eighth

"tear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second, intituled, 44 An Act for regulating the Quartering

“ of Soldiers during the Time of the Etcftions of Members to

44 jerve in ParliamentJo far as the Jarne relates to the

Removal of Troops during the Eleftiom of Members to serve

in Parliament, for a limited Time.

44. An Act for the more effe3ually securing to the

Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenzvich, all such for-

feited and unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Mo-

ney as shall arise from or in respe3 of any Prizes to be

condemned and fold in his Majesty’s Dominions beyond

the Sta; and to compel the more speedy Payment

thereof,

4,. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, made

in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for

appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and

fate the public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what

Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be

applied to the public Service; and what Defects there are in

the present Mode of receiving, colic ft i ng, ifjuing, and ac-

counting for public Money; and in what more expeditious and

ejf 'eftual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services can

in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit Gf the

Public.

46. An Act to enable John Bowater Esquire to grant Leases,

in Possession or Reversion, of ai Dock-yard and Land at

Woolwich, in the County of Kent (being Part of his settled

Estate), to the principal Officers and Commissioners of

-his Majesty’s Navy, ill Behalf of his Majesty, his Heirs

and Succeflbis.

47. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act,

passed in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, for performing several Works, and making Im-

provements within the University and City of Oxford,

and the Suburbs thereof, and in the adjoining Pa 11 111 of

Saint Clement.

48. An Act to dirc3 the Payment into the Exchequer of

the iefpe3ive Bdances remaining in the Hands of the

fever a 1 Persons therein named, for the Use and Benefit, of

the Public; and for indemnifying the Laid respc3ive Per-

fons, and their Representatives, inrefpe3of such Pay-

ments, and against all future Claims relating thereto;

and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

49. An Act for preventing certain Abuses and Profanations

on the Lord’s Day, called Sunday*

50. An Act for further regulating and ascertBinirg the

Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, within

several Ports and Places therein mentioned.

51. An Act to explain an Act, palUd in the third Year of

George the FirfR ir tituh.il. An Act for explaining art Act,

passed in the laji Session of Pat lia meaty intituled, 44 An Act

44 to oblige Pap/fIs to register their Names and real Estates,

44 and for enlarging the Time of such Registering, and for

44 securing Pur chafes made by Protestants

52. An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward

of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the

Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries

and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Ex-

periments relating thereto.

53. An Act to render valid certain Marriages, solemnized

in certain Churches and public Chapels in which Banns

had not usually been published before or at the Time of

parting an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of King

George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better pre~

venting of cl an define Marriages.

54. An Act for the better regulating Ele3ions of Citizens

to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry.

5$. An Act for repealing the Duties payable uport Choco-

late made in Great Britain, and for granting certain

Inland Dutiesupon Cocoa Nuts in Lieu therof; for the

better and more efte3ual securing the Revenue of Excise,

and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the

Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds

therein; for the more pundual and ready Payment of

the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the ad-

ditional Duties imposed on Malt; and for re3ifying a

JVIiftake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, with respe3 to the exempting of Candles from the

additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum upon the Du-

ties of Excise imposed by the said A3.

56. An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty

upon Almanacks printed on one Side of any one Sheet

or Piece of Pdper $ and for allowing a certain annual

Sum out of the said Duty to each of the Univerfifics of

Oxford and Cambridge, in lieu of the Money heretofore

piid to the said Universities, by the Company of Station-

ers of the City of London, for the Privilege of printing

Almanacks.

57. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Sinking Fund $ and for applying ceir

tain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; and

for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this

Sc/Iion of Parliament.

58. An Act for rendering more effectual so much of an Act,

made in the tenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, in-

tituled, An Act for appropriating a Fund eJiablished by an

Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, 44 for granting to^ his Majesty additional Duties

on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and

a z

for

