*4

Afar April $.

1 n<ily all Dil-

counts allowed

on foreign Goods

imported /hall

ta(rt and the

lull Unties be

p.id in ready

Money:

Except for East

India Goods, the

Duties on which

shall be regu-

larly paid as

herein pre-

fer) bed

Certain other

Allowances to*

which this Ac!

Attli not extend.

The additional

Duty of 5 per

Cent, granted by

»n Act in 19

Geo. III. &c.

stall be com-

puted upon the

gross Duties*

A Repeal of

such Part of any

Afls as relates

to the Importer

of Tobacco giv-

ing Bond for the

Duties, &c.

From April 5,

1781, the fol-

lowing new Du

ties to be paid to

his Majesty, on

Jnr.portat.on,

>ia.

C. 16. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

4 able upon Merchandize exported and imported , and by several subsequent Acts of Parliament which are

4 nowin Force, certain Dilcounts or Abatements are m.uie and allowed to Merchants out of the Dutits

4 of Customs payable upon foreign Goods imported into this Kirgdom, and for prompt Payment of (cveral

4 of the said Duties upon certain Goods so imported; And whereas the making fui h Dilcounts is liable to

4 great Error in the Computation of the said Duties, which rruy tend to the Prejudice of the public Re-

4 venue, and occasion great Trouble and Perplexity to the Merchants trading to this K:ngd< m: To the

4 End therefore that the Duties may he cohered in a more plain and iimple Manner, and the Merchants

4 may more readily know what Duties they are obbued to pay, and the Ctncers of the Revenue what

4 they ought to charge, it is expedient that the said Dilcounts and Abatements should in future he dif-

4 pmuinued may ir there foie please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and w’ith Che Advice and Content of the Leu s Spiritual and Temporal, and

Common5?, in this present Pailiarrent assembied, and by rhe Authority of the same, That, f»om anc afte r

the fifth Day of Apnl, one thouh nd seven hundred and eighty-one, ad Dd ounts or Abatements, which,

by virtue of the herein-before recited Rule, or by virtue and in pursuance of any Act or A:!s of Par la-

ment now in Force, are made and allowed in the.Computation of any Subfi iy, Impost, or other Duty of

Customs, payable for any foreign Goods imported into this Kingdom, or for the prompt Payment of any

such D uties, shall cease, determine, and be no longer made or allowed; and the full Duties due anJ pay-

able for such Goods shall be paid down in ready Money, without any Difaunt or Deduction u h.it oever*

except in the Cafes herein-after particularly menHoned and provided; any Law, Custom, or UDgv, to

the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall rot

extend, or be coi Itrucd ro extend, to discontimic or repeal the Allowances made to the United Company*

of Merchants trading to the East Indies, for Charges of Sale, and pron pt Payment, by viirucof an Act,

passed in the second and third Veuis of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for granting :o her AIu-

jesty an additional SuHidy of Torn: rye and Poundage for three Years; and for laying a fu> tier Duty *-:>on Fiencil

D ines condemned as Prize', and for ujeertainino the I nines of unrated Goods ins erted from ire E.-ft lnd.es;

provided the Duties on unrated Ea/t India Goods, sold at the Company’s Sates. Hull he paid within tlutc

Months from the Termination of such bale respectively; that is to lay. In case the Duties < n the Alaub

Sale, in each and every Year, shall be paid on or before the first Day of Dtuem'^r then next to.h wing ;

and the Duties on the Scptnider Saie, in each Year, on or before the first Day <r Ju >e next following such

Sales; but on Failure of Payment of the said Duties within the Times herein limited, the find Dilcounts

and Allowances shall not be made for or on Account of any Goods sold at such rap* ct.ve Sales.

III. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act flud 1 not

extend, or be construed to extend, to the usual Allowances of twelve Pounds per Centum for Leak ;ge, on

Wines imported into this Kingdom, by virtue of the eighth Rule in the hetore-recited Boi k of Rafts;

nor to any Allowance for Damage on Goods received in the Course of the Voyage, under the (ever 1 Re-

gulations and Rcftrctions such Allowances are made by any Act or Acts of Parliament n< w in Force ;

nor to the usual Dilcount or Allowance upon Bonds for the Duties on Tobacco, which fh.-U be wait-

housed in pursuance of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An A t

for the encouraging the Tobacco Trade.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the additional Imped or Diry of

five Pounds per Centum, granted by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Rdgn of his present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Madefy additional Duties uf on the Pr-rdae of tie j.vcuu Dat es

under the Management of the respective Comrr.ijponers of the Cuferns and Excise in Great lEium, or by any

subsequent Act of Parliament now in Force, shall be computed, collected, and paid, upon the is Du-

ties which shall accrue and become due and payable, alter the Difiour.ts or Abatements herein-rtfoiC

mentioned shall cease and be determined.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth D.»y

of April, one thouLnd seven hundred and eighty-one, so much of an Act, n ade in the nin*h Yeu of ms

late M a jesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for enabling I is to put the Cu.dm is cf (heat

Britain under the Management of one or more Comm if tons; and for better Juurr an I ode: turan g the i hides

on Tobacco', and to prevent Frauds in exporting Tobacco, and other Goods and sAerd.audirn, or ua t yir. ? the

fame coaf wife \ and so much of any other Act or Acts of Parliament new in Free, as ula'ts to the Im-

porter giving Bond, with one or mere Securities, for the Duties on Tobacco, (bail re, md the Lme js

and are hereby repealed; and in case the full Duti $ on Tobacco Dali he paid down in ready M' ik y at

the Time of Entry, the Impost of five Pounds per Centum, granted by the herein-before mentioned Act

made in the nineteenth \ ear of his present Majesty’s Reign, shall not be collected or paid on such Duties

To paid down; but if such Tobacco shall be warehoused, and the Importer’s own Pr rd given for the Du-

ties thereon, pursuant to the before-mentioned Act made in the twAlth YcarMAhe RA':i i Qjetn Anne,

or of any other Act of Parliament, then, and in such (JA'*, ten l\ mvbs per Cccu-'i iha’l be vnurg' ri and’

colledM upon the grois Amount of the Duties for such Tobacco, iniirad of the five P* unds fir C.: turn

for the said Impost, granted by the before-mentioned Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty.

VI. And it is hereby further enrclcd by the Authority aforefidil, That, towards ra'firg the nc< fiery

Supplies granted for defraying his lM^jesty’s public F.xpvnces, from and after the fifth Du> ot April, u.e

thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, over and above all other hubfiniies, Duties, i^nd I-npoiition^

whatfrever, due and p.iyable to his AJajesty by any Act or Atfts of Paibament now in i orce, tlu*:e (hail

be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs ar.d Succdiors, the several accm nai

Rates and Duties and Impofilions following, without any Discount or Deduction v«hatloiver; that is

to by> I r

f°'

