204

deernrl guilty of

Felony.

Persons entering

tny House by

Force, with In-

ten: to cut or

destroy any Li-

nen cr Cotton

Manufacture*,

See. tfuli be

deemed guilty of

Felony,

Part of 12 Geo,

I. Cap. 34, re-

pealed.

Part of 6 Ceo,

1IL Cap. ag,

repealed.

Preamble, .*f

From Aug. i,

J782, no votn-

rnillicner ox uf-

fker employed in

c< 11-(f1 in* or n 4-

H-*K of thr Du-

tics i>t Ercii'c,

CuHop.s, Sec.

ffiai! hav* *njr

Vote in the

X)rflitm uf

M in ter* of

Parliatccnt,

Penalty on Per-

iods vorjn? wiio

t dd'qiia'ihed

by this / d.

C.41. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 178?.

destroy any Velvet, wrought Silk, or Silk mixed with any other Materials, or other Silk Manufacture, in

the Loom, or any Warpor Shute, Tools, Tackle, or Utensils, prtpared or employed in or for the making

thereof; or shall wilfully and mtticioully break or destroy any Tools, Tackle, nr Utensils, used in or for

the weaving or making of any such Velvet, wrought bilks, or Silks mixed with any other Materials, or

other Silk Goods or Silk Manufacture, not having the Con lent of the Owner lb to do; every such Of-

fender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Per ion or Persons n.ull, by Day

or by Night, break into any House or Shop, or enter by Force into any House or Shop, with intent 10 cut

and destroy any Linen or Cotton, or Linen and Cotton mi>cd with any other Mattiials, or otfur Linen

or Cotton Manufactures, in the Loom, or any Warp or Shute, Tools, Tackle, and Utenlifi; or shall

wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy any Linen or Cotton, or Linen or Cotton mixed wi;h any other

Mateiiais, or other Linen and Cotton Manufacture, in the Loom, or any Warp or Sliuie, Fools,

Tackle, and Utensils, prepared for or employed in the making thereof; or shall wilfully and maliciously

break and destroy any Tools, Tackle, or Utensils, used in or for the carding, spinning, weaving, pre-

paring, or making, in any Way whatever, any such Lmcn or Cotton, or Linen or Cotton mixed with

any other Mateiiais, or other Linen and Cotton Goods, or Linen and Cotton Manufactures whatsoever,

not having the Content of the Owner so to do; every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted,

{hull be guihy of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

IV. And be it further enaOed, by the Authcity afotefffid, Thnt so much of an Act, made in the

twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of

Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufathircs, and for bcttxr Payment of thtir IIages, as ida;es to the

Punishment of Persons who shall, by Day or by Night, break into any Hnufe or Shop, or enter by Force

into any House or Shop, with Intent to cut or destroy any Serge or other Woollen Goods in the Loom,

or any Tools employed in the making thereof; or Ihnll wilfully and milicioufiy cut or destroy any such

Serges or Woollen Goods in the Loom or on the Rack; or shall burn, cut, or destroy, any Rack oil

which any such Serges or other Woollen Goods are hanged in order to dry; or (htti wilfully and malici-

oufty break or destroy any 'Fools used in the making any such Serges or other Woollen Goods, not having

the Consent of the Owner so to do; shall be, and is hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enaQed by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the sixth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Art tc prohibit the Importation of Foreign Hi ought

Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time \ and for preventing unlawful Combinations of lly'or knun employed in the

Silk Manufacture, as relates to the Punishment of Persons who (lull, by Day or by Night, break into any

House or Shop, or enter by Force into any House or Shop, with Intent to cut or destroy any Velvet,

wrought Silk, or Silk mixed with any other Materials, or other Silk M inufadiure, in the Loom, or any

Waip or Shute, Tools, Tackle, or Utensils; or shall wilfully and milicioufiy cut or destroy any Velvet,

wrought Silk, or Silk mixed with any other Mateiiais, or other Silk Manufacture, in the Loom, or any

Warp or Shute, Tools, Tackle, or Utensils, prepared or employed m or for the making thereof; or shall

wilfully and maliciously break or destroy any Tools, Tackle, or Utensils, used in or for the weaving or

making any such Velvet, wrought Silks, or Silks mixed with any other Materials, or other bilk

Goods or Silk Manufacture, not having the Confine of the Owner so to do, shall be, and is hereby

repealed.

CAP. XLI.

An Ai51 for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament,

by disabling certain Officers, employed in the Collection or Management of his Majesty’s

Revenues, from giving their Votes at such Elections.

1 O R the bitter securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to terve in Patliament, be it enacted

fiy the King's most Excellent Majesty, by 2nd with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afffimbied, and by the Authority of the same,

That, from and after the First Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, no Commil-

fioner, Collector, Supervilor, Gauger, or other Officer or Person whatsoever, concerned or employed in

the charging, collecting, levying, or managing the Duties of Excise, or any Branch or Part thereof; nor

any Comnvffiontr, Collector, Comptroller, Searcher, or other Officer or Person whatsoever, concerned

or employed in the charging, collecting, levying, or managing the Customs, or any Branch or Part

thereof; nor any Commifioner, Officer, or other Person concerned or employed in colleFfing, receiving,

or managing, any of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and P. per, nor any Person appointed by

the Ci mmi.honers for dilfi ibuting of Stamps; nor any Commissioner, Officer, or other Person employed

in collecting, levying, or managing, any of the Duties on Salt; nor any Surveyor, Collector, Comptrol-

ler, Inspector, Officer, or other Person employtd in coiiedling, managing, or receiving, the Duties on

Windows or Houtes 5 nor any Postmaster, Poftmafters GenerJ, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, or

niv Pettbn employed by or under him or them in receiving, collecting, or managing, the Revenue of the

Pott-office, or any Part thereof, nor any Captain, Matter, or Mate, of any bhip. Packet, or other Vef-

(e , employed by or under the Postmaster or Poftav.fters General in conveying the Mail to and from so-

r< ign Ports, (hdi be capable of giving his Vote for the Election of any Knight of the Shire, Commissioner,

Citizen, Bu g fs, or Baron, to firve in Parliament for any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, or Cinque

Port, or for chusing any Delegate in whom the Right of electing Members to serve in Parliament, for that

Parr of Groat Pniain called Std/and, is vtfted: And if any Pe»son, hereby made incapable of voting as

affix da id, (lull never theleis presume to give his Vote, during the Time he shall hold, or within twelve Ca-

lendar

e

by

