236:

Table Beer,

when cleansed

into C»fltJ, to be

marked with the

LcUc< T i

er shall be char-

fed as Si long

Beer,

Such Caiks to be

kept separate

from all other

Ctlkiof Betr.

Brewen of such

Table Beer not

to fell any to

other common

Jbcwcrt, &c,

All the Powers,

2>iregion#, Ac*

provided by 12

Car. II. Cap. 24,

or any other Lew

now in Force,

relating to (he

Excise upon

Beer, Ac. shall

he applied in

Execution of this

Act,

From July 5,

178a, an addi-

tional Dory of

2or. per Ann.

shall be paid for

©vety Co^cb,

Berlin, cr other

four-wheeled

Carriage (except

Kackncy

Coachci);

and also for every

two-wheeled

Carriage kept for

private Use*

The new Duties

on Carriage* to

be Uibjcft to the

additional 5 per

Cents, granted

by 19 Geo.ill*

Cap. 2$; and

al Geo. ill.

Cap. 17,

C.68. Anno vicesimo fecundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

or with Water, after the Gauge of such Table Beer shall have been taken by an Officer of Excise, every

such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any such Table Beer, so brewed

by any such common Brewer as aforesaid, shall be cleansed into any Cafe or Cafes from the Tun or Tuns,

or other Vessels or Urenfils, wherein the fame shal] have been mixed and mingled, and the Length declared

as aforesaid, every such common Brewer, or his Servant, shall forthwith mark each and every such Cafe

and Cafes, into which such Beer shall be so cleansed, with the Capital Roman Letter T, of the Length of

four Inches at the least, to denote that the Beer therein contained is such Table Beer as aforesaid ; which

said Mark shall be put on the open and most conspicuous Part of each such Cafe or Cafes : And if any

such common Brewer of Table Beer as aforesaid, or his Servant, shall cleanse any such Beer into any Cafe

or Cafes, and shall neglect to mark each and every such Cask in Manner before directed, the Officer or

Officers of Excise, who shall discover and find any such Table Beer in any Cask or Casks, in the Possessioir'

of any such common Brewer, without such Mark as aforesaid, shall, and he and they are hereby re-

quired to charge and return the fame as Strong Beer, and such common Brewer shall pay the Duties

accordingly*

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any stich common Brewer (hall'

have cleansed such Table Beer into any Cask or Cafes in Manner herein-before directed, each and every

such Cask and Casks, containing such Table Beer, shall be kept separate and apart from all other Cafes and

Barrels of other Beer or Ale then in the Possession of any such common Brewer, on Pain of Forfeiture,

for every Offence therein, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no common Brewer, who shall brew

or make any such Table Beer as aforesaid, shall knowingly fell or deliver, or permit or suffer to be sold or

delivered, any of the said Table Beer, either by the Barrel or otherwise, to any other common Brewer, or

to any brewing Victualler, or to any Exporter of Beer, or to any Person or Persons, to or for the Use or

Benefit of any such other common Brewer, brewing Victualler, or Exporter of Beer, on Pain of forfeiting,

for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That al! and every the Powers, Authorities,

Directions, Rules, Methods, Allowances, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which

in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for

taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance;

and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof; or by any other Law now in Force, relating to his

Majesty*s Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, are provided, settled, or established, for

securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating or recovering, adjudging

or ascertaining, the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for preventing,.detesting, and punishing

Frauds relating thereto (other than in such Cafes for which other Directions are given and Alterations made

by this Act), shall be exercised, practised, applied, and putin Execution, for the securing, enforcing, ma-

naging, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, adjudging, a feerta ini rig, and recovering, the

Duties and Penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto,

as fully ard effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules,

Directions, Methods, Allowances, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters* and Things, were parti-

cularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of;

fuly, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty of twenty Shillings per Annum for and upon every

Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calafn with four Wheels. Chaise marine, Chaile with four Wheels,

and Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, that

shall be kept by or for any Person for his or her own Use, or to be let out to Hire, or that shall be kept by

or for any Person or Persons as -pybiick Stage Coaches, employed in carrying Passengers for Hire to

and from different Places within this Kingdom {other than and except such Coaches and other Carriages as

now are or hereafter may be licensed by ihe ComnhiTioners for the Duties arising by Hackney Coaches) j

and also for and upon every Calash, Chaile, and Chair, with two Wheels, or by what N^rme soever such

Carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, to be drawn by one or more Horses, that shall be

kept by or for any Person or Persons for his, her, or their own Use ; which said additional Duty of twenty

Shillings, hereby imposed upon Coaches and other Carriages as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, be

paid down by the Person or Perfors respectively keeping the fame, in like Manner, and at the fame Time,

and be raised, levied, collected, and paid, by the lame Means and Methods, and under the like Rules,.

Regulations, Directions, and Penalties, as the annual Duties given and granted by an Act, rmdc in the

twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to

his Majesty several Rates end Duties upon Coaches and ether Carriages therein mentioned', and for raising tht

Sum of one Milion by way of Lottery, to be charged upon the said Plates and Duties, are directed to be raised,

levied, collected, and paid.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several additional Duties,

herein-before granted on Coaches and other Carriages as aforesaid, shall be moreover subject and liable to

the additional Duty or Impost of five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, on the Produce and’

Amount thereof respectively, in the same Manner, and under the fame Regulations, as the additional Duty

of five Pounds per Centum, and of five Pounds per Centum, are granted to his Majesty by two several Acts of

Parliament, the one, made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act fir

granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the

respeflive Commi/funers of theCufioms and Excise in Great Britain ; the other, made in the twenty first Year

of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon

^ .*

