The TITLES of

Tobacco f'Orn >any Port or PIbcc either in America, or

the IVejllnd.es, or in Europe, during the p re Tent Hosti-

Lties.

39. An AC! for granting to his Majesty additional Duties

upon Salt; and certain Duties upon Glauber or Epsom

Salts, and also on Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass,

made from Salt; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties

on foul Salt, to be used in manuring of Lands

40. An Act for punishing Persons wilfully and maliciously

destroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton Goods,

or any Implements prcpznd for or used in the Manufac-

ture thereof; and for repealing so much of two Acts,

made in the twelfth Year of King George the First, and

in the sixth Year of his present Majesty, as relates to the

Runishment of Peifoos dtftroying any Woollen or Silk

Manufactures, or any Implements prepared for, or ufevi

therein.

41. An Act for better securing the Freedom of Elections

of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling certain

Officers, employed in the Culle&ion or Management of

his Majesty’s Revenues, from giving their Votes at such

Elections.

42. An AC! for building a Stone Bridge cross the River of

Thames, from the Parish of Ealing, in the County of

Middlesex, to the opposite Shore in the Hamlet of Knv,

in the County of Surrey.

43. An AC! for making a Passage for Carriages from Spital-

fields to Bishopsgate-street, in the County of Middlesex,

and for paving the fame ; and for appropriating to those

Purposes the Money arisen by virtue of an Act, parted in

the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, for applying

the Sum of nine thousand Pounds, to arise out of the'

Orphans Fund, for making such Passage.

44* An Act for amending the Pavement in, and for light-

ing feme of the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Places, in the

Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist,

in Westminster, whion are at present excluded from the

Provisions of an Act, passed in the eleventh Year of his

present Majesty (intituled, An Act to amend and render

more effectual everal Alts made relating to paving, chanfing,

and lighting, the Squares*, Streets, Lanes, and other Places,

within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts ad-

jacent), and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances

in or near the fame; and for making an Opening from

Orchardstreet, and widening some Part of flood Street,

and of Little Peter Street.

45. An Act for retraining any Person concerned in any

Contact, Commission, or Agreement, made for the

Public k Service, from being elected, or fitting and vo-

ting as a Member of the House of Commons.

46. An Act to enable his Majesty to conclude a Peace or

Truce with certain Colonies in Noith America therein

tneruioned.

47. An Act for licer.sing Lottery Office Keepers, and re-

gulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets.

48. An Act for charging a Duty on Persons whose Pro-

perty Ih ill be insured again It Loss by Fire.

49. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of this Seffi-n of

Parliament, wirn respect to preventing the Importation

and Running of Tea into this Kingdom, in armed Vef-

fels having Letters of Marque, or other CommifTuns

from the Admiralty.

$0. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the

twentieth Year of thcReignof his prifent Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners

to examine, take, and slate the publick Accounts of the King-

dom ; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Ac-

count arm, which may be applied to the publich Service ; and

what Defects then are in the present Mode of receiving.

the STATUTES.

collecting, issuing, and accounting for publick Money \ did

in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expmfive

Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and

carried on for the Benefit of the Publich.

51. An Act to discharge and indemnify the United Com-

pany of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies,

from all Damage, Interests, and Loflfes, in respect to

their having made Default in certain Payments due to

the Publick, on such Payments being made at a future

stipulated Time; and to enable the said Cohrpany to

continue a Dividend of eight Pounds per Centum to the

Proprietors of their Stock for the present Year.

52. An AC! for preventing the Slaughtering of Cattle

within the City of Edinburgh, and for removing Nui-

fances and Annoyances therefrom.

53. An AC! to repeal an AC!, made in the sixth Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, inti-

tuled, An Act for the better securing the Dependency of the

Kingdom ^Ireland upon the Grown of Great Britain.

34. An Act for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet,

and Peter Perring Esquire, from going out of this King-

dom, for a limited lime; and for discovering their

Estates and EffeC!s, and preventing the transporting or

alienating the fame.

55. An AC! to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments j and to

indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have

omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within

the Time limited by Liw, and for giving further Time

for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Of-

ficers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns,

whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped ac-

cording to Law, or, having been damped, have been loft

or millaid ; and for allowing them Time to provide. Ad-

missions duly stamped ; and to give further Time to such

Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the

Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attomiea and So-

licitors.

56. An AC! more effectually to enable the Inhabitants of

the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Atiddlcsex+

% to purchase, hire, or ereC!, a Workhouse, within of

‘near the said Parish, for the better Reception and Em-

ployment of the Poor of the said Parish.

57. An AC! for building a new Bridge, instead of the pre-

sent ancient Bridge, commonly called Lancaster Bridget

at a more convenient Place over the River Loyne, near

the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lan*

cqjler.

$8. An AC! for the more easy Discovery and effectual Pu-

niihmenc of Buyers and Receivers of Stolen Goods.

$9. An AC! to provide that the Proceedings on the Bill,

now depending in Parliament, for inflicting certain Pains

and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter

Perring Esquire, for certain Breaches of publick Trujl, and

hi oh Crimes and AHfdemean; rs, committed by them whilst

they rcfptciively held the Offices of Governor and Presideut,

C run,’filers, and Members of the Sc left Committee of the

Settlement of Port Saint George, on the Coofl of Coro-

mandel, in the East Indies, shall not be difeontmued by

any Prorogation or Dirtolution of the Parliament.

f>o. An Act to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Wink-

men employed in printing Callicoes, Cottons, Mullins,

and Linens, or in making or preparing Blocks, Plates,

or other Implements used in that Manufactory, to go to

Parts beyond the Seas; and to prohibit the exporting to

foreign Parts of any such Blocks, Plates, or other Im-

plements

6t. An Act for granting an additional Duty upon White or

Manufactured Bees Wax imported into Great Britain.

b 2 6j. An

