The TITLES of the STATUT ES.

<-:y An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers, of to much of" an Act, made in the

Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for

emending and widening the R od Jtom the Market-heuse in

Stourbridge to Colly Gate in Ciadiey, and from Petlmore

to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to Hakfowen, and

from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to Rednal

Green, in the Parish of King’s Not ton, and from Carte r’s

Lane to the Bell Inn at Northlield, in the Counties of

Worcester, St aft old, and Salop, as i elates to the Road

from Dudley Wood to Re dual Gum, and from Carter's

Lane to tire Bell Inn at Nor tifield.

94. An Act for continuing the Teim, and altering and

enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the twenty-

seventh Year of his late Majesty,y?r repairing and widen-

ing toe High Road from Weft wood G; te, in the Parish of

Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Tams

of Rufhdcn and Highain Ferrers, and over Artieboruugh

Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane,

in the Panjh of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Nor-

thampton.

§5, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

, larging the Powers, of so much of an Act, mace in the

twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the Second, for repairing and widening certain

Roads therein described, as relate to the Roads from Ot/ey

to Skipton, in the County of York; from Skipton to Colne^

in the County of Lancajitr > and from Skipton to Ciitberce,

in the said County.

96. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, made in

the twenty eighth Year of the Reign of his late M.ijefly,

for amending and widening the Roads from the ITcJl End cf

Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the

County of York, to a Place called Blue Bril, near Colne,

in the County of Lancaster; and from a Place called The

Two Laws, to Kighley, in the said County of York.

97. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two

Acts, passed in ninth and twenty-eighth Years of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for

repairing and widening certain Roads therein defmbed,

so far as the fame relate to the Road from Henley Bridge,

in the County of Oxfords to DorcheJUr Bridge, and

from thence to Culham B)idget and to a Place called

Mile-stone y in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in

the said County.

.98* An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late

Klajesty King George the Second, for repairing several

Roads, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to Otley,

in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

99. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in

the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late M ijtfty,

for repairing, wideningand mending, the Road from

Cocking Pnd, near Addingham, in the West Riding of the

County of York, through KildwRk, to Black Luue End,

in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

ico. An Act for more eftcftually repairing the Road lead-

ing from the Stones End in Kent Street, in the Parish of

Saint George, Southwark, to Dartford, and other Roads

therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey \

and for other Purposes.

.*oi. An Act to enlarge the Term ami Powers of two Acts,

passed in the eleventh and tiyelfth Years of his present

Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from

H leljleigh, through Wantage^ to Hunger ford, in the

County of Berks; and from Wantage to Marlborovgby in

thp County of Wills \ and from the Turnpike Road be-

tween Reading and Wallingford> through Halfpenny

Lane9 to the Old Red Hotyfe upon Wantage, Downs; and

from thence to Lambourn9 in the said County of Berks

and for amending the Road through Pidgecn Bcffr Inrtead

of the said Road through Halfpenny Lave.

102. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge

the Powers, of so much of an Act made in the twenty-

eighth Year of the Reign of his late May fly King Geofe

the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and uideni/g

the Roads from the Town of Leeds, in the ll eji Riding cf

the County of York, though Otlev, Sk’ptcn, Colne,

Burnley, and Blackburn, to Buricough Bridge in Wal-

ton, in the Ccuvty of Lancaller, and from Sk»pton, through

Gdburn and Ciitheroe, toPrAlon, in the said County of

Lancaster, as relates to the Roads tmm (Mae to Black*

burny and from Blackburn to Burfcrugh Bridge.

10:. An Act for enabling the Fruftecs for executing two

Acts, made in the twenty feveiuh Year of the Rcgn of

King George the Second, and in the thirre'-nih Y'tar of

the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road

from Kttfeting, in the Ciunty cf Northampton, to New-

port Pagnell, in the Ccuvty cf BuA'% to takedown the?

Turnpike erected in Sheningion Held, in the said County

of Bucksy and to remove ihe kmc to the North End of

Sherrington Bridges in the said Coon y.

104, An Act for more etfcdually emending, widening, and

keeping in Repair, the Roads from the K ift Krd of the

Town of Chard to the Soirh End of // <// Afoory and

from the Weft End of the Yeovil Turnpke Roid,

through Ilmi/Ier, to Kenny Gatey anil from the Weft End

of Pcafe Mtvfl) Lane to Horton Elm, and from S..7nt

Rant Hill 10 llmijltr, and from lt'h*te C, r/i to Ciillirnton

Downy and from a Place called ‘Three Oaks, over I ford

Bridges, to Bridge Crcjsy in the County of Some*jit.

ic$. An Act for continuing the T erm of an Act made in

the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty*

King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending

and widening the Brads leading from Stretford’s Bridge in

the County of Hertford, to the New Inn in the Perrijl» cf

\V ir.ftantow in the County of Salop; and a Jo the Road

from Blue-mantle Hall near MortimeCs Crols, to Aym-

strey in the said County of Hereford; and for repealing so

touch of an Art made in the twenty second Year of the

Reign of his prefnt Majesty, as relates to the Road front

Mortimei’s Crols to Aymlbcy Bridge.

106. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from

The Dun CoWy in the Town of Dunchurch, to the Town

of Hillmortofiy in the County of Warwick \ and from

thence to Saint lames's Endy in the Parish of Dunjbn, in

the County of Northampton; and for repealing the several

Laws now in Force relating to the said Road.

PRIVATE ACTS,

Anno 2t Georgii IIL

I. An Act for naturalizing Simeon Pope.

2 An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Kerny and Na~

■ thanirl Lewis PaUfhe.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Comrhors and

Waste Lands in the Panfhes of She.ttfoam Saint Adary^

Shotejham Saint Botolfby Shotejham All Saints, and Shcte-

Sham Saint Martin s, in the County of Norfolk.

4. An Act for dividing and imlnfing the Open Arable

Fields, Commrns, ami Waste Lands, in the Manors and

Parrftns of ITtghclert and Bnrghclerc, in the County of

Southampton.

5. An Act for dividing* and inclosing the Common* and

Waste Lands within the Parish of Idingham, in the

County of Norfolk.

6. An Act for exchanging, dividing, allotting, and in-

ciofing, the Lands and Grounds ended Whole Year

Lands, Half Year Inch fur os 9 Open Field Lands, Brecks9

Commons9

