62

The Oath*

The h'd three

Commissioneri

toaJminifUr the

0«th to the rest.

Lords of the

Treal'u-y way

ply *000 I, to

the Order of the

Commissioners.

Application

thereof.

Tiecuton of Ac-

countants to at-

tend Com miI-

sioners, and exe-

cute their Orders.

Continuance of

thu Act,

Preamble,

Recital of an

Att 11 Geo. I IT.

Present Term of

the Toils.

C. 4.6, 47. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781,

Ijf-B. do (wear, That, according to the bed of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impar-

tially, and truly, execute the several Powers and Trulls veil'd in ire by an A cl, intituled, An Act fir

€ continuing and amending an Act* made in the iufi Stssion of Parliament, intituled, 44 An Act for appointing

44 and enabling Commissioners to examine* take* and fate the public Accounts of the Kingdom ; and to report what

44 Balances ore in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to tie public Sendee; and what Dtfcds

u there are in the present Mode of receiving, ccllefling, ijfdng, and accounting for public Money \ and in what

il more expeditious and eft dual* and UJs exfenjive Manner* the said Services can in future be regulated and

<c carried on for the Bcneft of the Public f according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act/

And every other of the said Commissioners in this Aol named shall likewise fake the fame Oath before the

said three Commissioners, who arc hereby authorised and lequircd to aUminiiter the fame after they shall

themselves have taken the said CLth as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioneis of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer

for the Time bein, are heieby authorised and required to issue and cause to be paid all such Sums of

Money, nut exceeding two the ufand Pounds, to inch Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any

three or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, desire or direct, out of any Part of the

puolic Monies remaining in his Majesty’s Exchequer; w'hich Sums so ifiiied and paid fhuil be employed

for the Payment of Clerks, Messengers, and other Officers, and in defraying all other nccefl'ary Charges

in or about the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and in such Manner, and in such Proportions, as

shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, by Writing under their

Hands and Seals, in that Behalf; the fame to be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the

fame shall be issued or paid, according to the Course of his Majesty’s Exchequer, without any Fees or

other Charges to be taken or demanded fur the issuing and Payment of the lame on the passing of the

said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall

appoint*

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any such public Accountant is dead, the Executors or Admi-

nistrators of such deceased Accountant shall, when requited thereto by the Commissioners, or any three

or more of them, attend the said Commissioners, and observe and execute the Orders and Directions of

the said Commissioners, in like Manner as Accountants by this Act arc required to do.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, so far as relates to the Powers of taking, examining,

and stating Accounts, and administering of Oaths and issuing of Precepts, shall endure for the Space of

•one Year from the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and no longer*

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to enable John Bowater Esquire to grant Lews, in Possession or Reversion, of a Dock-yard and

Land at Woolwich, in the County of Kent (being Part of his settled Etfatr), to the principal Officers

and Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, in Behalf of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succellbrs.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the eleventh Year of his

present Majesty’s Reign, for performing several Works, and making Improvements

within the University and City of Oxford, and the Suburbs thereof, and in the adjoining

Parish of Saint Clement.

4 TWHEREAS an Act was passed in the eleventh Year of his prefint M. rfty’s Reign, fir amend-

4 W ing certain of the Mile-ways leading to Oxford ; for making a commodious Entrance through tie Parish

4 of Saint Clement; for rebuilding or repairing Magdalen Bridge ; for making commodious Rinds from the

4 said Bridge* through the Univnfiy and City, and the Avenues leading thereto ; for cleanfsng and lighting the

4 Streets, Lancs, and Places, within the said University and City* and the Suburbs thereof* and the said Parish

4 of Saint Clement; for removing Nuifences and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future*

4 for imp owning Colleges and Corporations to alienate their Efates there \ for removing* ho!,ling* and regulating

4 Markets within the said City* and for ether Ptrpfcs: And whereas great Progress has been madt in exe-

4 cuting the said Act ; particularly the said Mile-ways have been amended, temporary Bridges provided,

4 a new Stone Bridge built over the River Cherzvell* near Magdalen College, whi .h is now pafl'ible (but

4 not completed), several Houses and Buildings purchafrd and taken down, in order to make commodious

€ Avenues to the said Bridge and Entrance into and through the said University and City ; the principal

4 Street, called The High Street* new paved, and several other Works performed, wherein a large Sum

4 of Money hath been expended, which was taken up at Intend on the Credit of the Tolls by the said

4 Act granted : And whereas the said Tolls are to have Continuance from the Commencement thereof

4 for the Term of twenty-one Years, and to the End of the then next n of Parliament : And whereas

4 the said Bridge and Avenues thereto cannot be completed, and the Money so borrowed be repaid, and

4 the Bridge and Mile-ways kept in Repair in future, unless the said Toils are continued for a further

4 Term, and some other Assistance given: And whereas it would be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants

4 of the said University, City, and Suburbs, and Parish of Saint Clement* and to all Persons resorting

4 thereto* to have the Whole of the Streets, Lanes, Pallages, and open Places therein, paved ; and some

4 other of the said Streets and Passages widened, besides those specified in the said Act; And whereas

4 some

