A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III.

C. 66, 137

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his.

present Majesty, intituled, An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial , by mak-

ing Provi/ion for the more speedy and effectual , , , or purchoffng

Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the seventeenih Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in- Preamble,

tituied, An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more

w ........ ......

speedy and effettual building* rebuilding, repairing* or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings and

Tenements* for the Use of their Benefices 5 it is enabled, amongst other Things, That the Incumbent of

every Living or Benefice, of which the Glebe, Tithes, Rents, and Profits, shall be mortgaged for the

Purposes of the said Act, shall pay the Interest arising upon every such Mortgage, yearly, as the fame

shall become due; and also five rounds per Centum per Annum, if such Incumbent was resident, and

ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, if non-resident, of the Principal remaining due, by yearly Payments;

which Words, if literally understood and observed, would, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of

the said Act, render the Discharge of the Principal Sum Lmprafticable, and thereby discourage Persons

from lending Money upon such Securities / be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament act’embled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Incumbent of every Living or

Benefice of which the Glebes, Tithes, Rents, and Profits, have been or shall be mortgaged for the Pur-

poses of the said Act, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, well and truly pay, or cause to be paid,

to every such Mortgagee, over and besides the Interest of the Principal Money due upon such Mortgage,

the Sum of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, if resident, or ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, if non-

refidenr, of the Money originally advanced upon such Mortgage, until the Whole of the said Principal

Money shall be discharged; and if, upon any such Mortgage or Mortgages already made, less shall have

been paid by the present Incumbent than what is hereby directed to be paid, he shall, and he is hereby re-

quired, within six Months after the passing of this Act, to make up the Deficiency; and in Default of Pay-

ment thereof within the Time aforesaid, the fame shall be recovered in such and the same Manner as the

Interest is recoverable by'virtue of the Provisions in the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Forms contained in the said Schedule respecting the Allowance

of Accounts, and the Bond and Receipt to be given by the Nominee, as directed by the said recited Act, or

Forms to the like Effect, shall be observed and complied with in the Execution of this and the said recited

Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and every Thing herein contained, shall be deemed, ad-

judged, and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Jus-

tices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

STATE of Account'of the Money advanced and paid by A. B. (Rector or Vicar, etcetera, as the Cafe

shall be) of the Living of - in the County of for the

building (rebuilding, or repairing) the Parsonage House and Buildings belonging to the said Living,

according to the Direction of a Statute made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King

George the Third.

C. D Ordinary.

E. F. Patron.

(r. //. Incumbent.

FORM of Allowance of the Nominee's Account of the Money received and expended hv him pursuant to the

Directions of the said Statute of the seventeenth of George the Third*, to be written at the Foci of such Account,

<'\X7rE have examined, and do hereby approve and allow the above Account. Given under our

▼ V Hands, this

Recital of 17

Geo. HI. Cap.

SI*

The Incumbent'

of every-Living,

whereof the

Glebes, Ac. hive

been or shall be

mortgaged for

the Purposes of

the recited Act,

shall pay to the

Mortgagee, be. ,

fnfes Interest, 5

perCent. per

Ann. of the

Principal, if reli-

ant, or 10 per

Cent, if non-

resident.

Forma in the

Schedule to be

observed.

Public A

Day of

4 A. B. Ordinary.

4 C. D. Patron.

4 £. F. Incumbent/

RECEIPT to be signel by the Nominee for the Money which shall be borrowed and paid into his Hands, pur-

Juant to the Direction of the said Act,

4 T A. B. being the Person nominated by the Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, of the Rcftory (Vicar-

-A ags, etcetera, as the Cafe shall be) of in the County of and

Dtoccfeof thcBishop of to receive and apply the Money authorised to be borrowed by

4 Mortgage of the Glebe, Tithes, Rents, and other Profits and Emoluments of the said

4 for the rurpose of building (rebuilding, or repairing, as the Cafe shall be) the Parsonage House (cr Out-

4 buildings, etcetera, as the Cafe shall be) belonging to such Living or Benefice, do hereby acknowledge to

4 have received from the Hands of C. D. being the Person to whom such Mortgage is intended to be

4 made, the Sum of being the Sum for which such such Mortgage or Security is to be

4 made: And I do hereby promise to apply the fame in such Manner and for such rurposes as are directed

4 by the said A ft/

Vol. XIV. Part I, T FORM

VjiV^

o

8le

