A. 0. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 72. 245

belonging, shall be forfeited to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the Person or Persons

offending herein shall <yer and above forfeit the Value of such Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels; and all

such Ships or Vessels, of which any Sale or Disposition, or Agreement for Sale or Disposition, shall be made

contrary to this Act, shall be seizable, if in any Port, by or by Order of the Collector, Comptroller, or

other principal Officer of the Customs in such Port; or if at Sea, then by the Commander of any of

his- Majesty 5 Ships or Vessels of War, or of any Vessel employed in the Service of his Majesty’s

Revenue.

II. And be it further enacted, That if, before the said tenth Dav of July* one thousand seven hundred T,|psf^ , j

3nd eighty-two, any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of his M ijesty’s Subjects shall have been fold, or jjn/remaimngU

have been contracted to be sold, to any Subj^dt or Subjects of any neutral State, or to any Person or Per-

fons residing in foreign Parts, or to any Agent or Agents for any such Subject or Subjects of any neutral

State, or for such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and shall, at any Time after the puffing of this Act,

be in any Port or Harbour within Great Britain, then every such Sale, or Contract for Sale, shall be null

and void.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred

and eighty-two, before any Ship or Vessel belonging to his Majesty’s Subjects shall be permitted or allowed ^h7ne2c° raJfn*

to fail or depart from any Port or Harbour of Great Britain, bound to any foreign Port or Place, a Bond xo'*y foreiga

shall be given to his Majesty by the Matter or one of the Owners, with two sufficient Sureties, to be ap- Porr,togive

proved of by the Collector, Comptroller, or other principal Officer of his Majesty’s Customs at the Port Bond to his Ma-

or Place from whence such Ship or Vessel is intended to fail, in Double the Value of such Ship or Vessel,’

and of the Guns, Ammunition, Stores, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, to such Ship or Vessel belong-

ing, upon Condition that the fame Ship or Vessel shall not, during the Continuance of this Act, directly

or indirectly, be fold or disposed of, or contracted or agreed to be sold or disposed of, contrary to this Act;

and the Collector, Comptroller, or other principal Officer of his Majesty’s Customs shall, upon taking such

Bond, give a Certificate under his Hand, without any Fee or Reward for the lame, that such Bond hath been

given to his Majesty.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel, after Bond given in purfu-

anceof this Act, shall be fold or disposed of to any of his Majesty’s natural-born Subjects, resident within

this Realm, or in any of his Majesty’s Dominions, it shall be lawful for the Collector, Comptroller, or

other principal Officer of his Majesty’s Customs at the Port or Place at which such Bond was given, or at

any other Port or Place in Great Britain, upon Application to be made to him or them in that Behalf, and

upon Production of the Certificate herein-before directed, to take from the Matter or one of the Owners,

and two sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by such Collector, Comptroller, or other principal Officer,

another Bond to his Majesty, in the fame Penalty, and with the like Condition, as the Bond before given

in respect of such Ship or Vessel; and from thenceforth such former Bond, in case there shall not have

happened any Breach in the Condition thereof, shall be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes; and

this Provision for taking of a new Bond shall ope/ate and have Effect as often as there shall be any new

Sale of any such Ship or Vessel.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Bonds, to be taken pursuant to this Act, shall

be provided at the Expence of his Majesty, and shall not be chargeable with any of the Duties upon

fiamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper j any Law or Statute to the contrary in anywise notwith^

(landing.

VI. And be it further en:idled. That every Broker, Agent, or other Person, negociating or transadling

any Sale, Contract, or Agreement, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall forfeit and

pay the Sum of one thousand Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That 2II the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures, which shall be incurred

under this Act, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his

Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, in

which no EtToin, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Laws or more than one Imparlance, shall be al-

lowed ; and one Moiety thereof shall be to the Ule of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succeftbis, and the other

Moiety thereof to the Use of him, her, or them, who shall sue for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall be sued or prosecuted for any

Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue,

and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence in his, her, or their Defence or Defences; and if af-

terwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discon-

tinue his, her, or their Action or Profecucioru or be nonmiied, or Judgement shall be given against him,

her, or them, upon Demurrer or oiherwifr, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs

awarded to him, her, or them, againfc any such Plaintiff or Pontiffs.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That this Act jshall only continue in Force until the

End of one Month from the first Day of the Session of Parliament which shall nextenfue after the passing

of this Act.

Port, such Sale*

/hall be void.

Mailer, or

fame /hall not

be fold contrary

tolhii Act* '

In case any Sb'p,

after giving such

Bond, shall be

sold to any of

his Majesty’s

Subjt&s, a ness

Bond dull be

given.

The Bon'h to Is

provided at hi*

Majesty’& Ex-

pence.

Penalty on ma-

king any Sale,

Sec. contrary 10

this Ai.

Penalties and

For let lures how

to be re ovLied

and applied.

Persons sued in

executing this

Act, rray p>ad

the General

lilac,

and recover

Treble Cofti.

Continuance

tins Act#

of

CAP. LXXIT.

An Act for continuing so much of an Act of the sixth Year of his present M-jiP y, as relates

to prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets.-

WHEREAS an Act was made, in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Mai ’fry, intituled.

An Act to prohibit the Importation cf Foreign Wrought Silks and VdiMt^ " ’

‘for preventing unlawful Combinations of I! dr'.men employed in the Silk Mann fuel w t,

, for a in;, did 'Time ;

which (aiu Act hath

and

tb,

by

PrraTTVu'r.

6 Gcr\ 111. (

28, rented,

