A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III,

C. 7,

421

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Bill of Exchange, Prorrtiflbry or other Note,

Receipt or other Discharge given for the Payment of «Money, required to be stamped by the said recited

A& of the last Session of Parliament* {hall be permitted to be stamped at any Time after the fame shall,

have been written or signed, unless upon Payment of the Sum of ten Pounds; and the proper Officer and

Officers are hereby enjoined and required, upon Payment of the Duty, and the said Sum of ten Pounds,

unto him or them, to give a Receipt for the fame, and to mark or stamp such Bill of Exchange, Promis-

fory Note, Receipt or other Discharge given for the Payment of Money, with the Mark or Staftip re-

quired by the said herein-before recited Act.

IX. And be it further enaSed by the Authority aforesaid, That it {hall and may be lawful to and for

any Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and deter-

mine any Offence against this Act, or the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, which subjeSs

the Offender to the Penalty of five Pounds for writing or signing, or causing to be written or signed, any

Bill of Exchange, PromilTbry or o'her Note, or any Receipt or other Discharge given upon the Payment

of Money, without the fame being first duly stamped; which said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized

and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made, in that Behalf, to summomthe Party

accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side. and to examine into the Matter of FaS; and upon due

Proof made thereof either by the voluntary Confeftion of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more cre-

dible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgement or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture as in and by this

Act is direSed, and to award and issue out his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the levying the said

Penalty of five Pounds so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender; and to cause Sale to be made thereof,

in case they {hall not be redeemed within fix Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (ifany); and

where the Goods of such Offender cannot be found (efficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Of-

fender to Prison, there to remain for the Space of three Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be

sooner paid and satisfied: And if any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the

Judgement of any such Justice, then he or they {hall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount of the

Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judge-

ment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sections for the

County, Riding, or Place, which {hall happen after fourteen Days next after such Conviction shall have

been made, and of which Appeal reasonable Notice shall be given, who are hereby irapovvered to summon

and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame: And in case the Judge-,

roent of such Justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons to

pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet. Provided nevertheless, That it

shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he shall fee Cause, to mitigate and lessen any

such Penalties as he shall think fit (reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well,

in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the fame, being always allowed, over and above such Mitiga-*

ttonj, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to less than a Moiety of the Penalties incurred,

over and above the said Costs and Charges; any Thing contained in this AS, or any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enaSed, That if any Person or Persons {hall be furrmoned as a Witness or Wit-

nesses, to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices, touching any of the Matters relative to this AS,

or to the herein-before recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, and shall negleS or refuse to appear

at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed (his or her reasonable Expences being first paid or

tendered), without a reasonable Excuse for such NegleS or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or

Justices of the Peace, or appearing, {hall refuse to be examined on Oath, and give Evidence before such

Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such

Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Man-

ner, and by such Means, as is herein direSed as toother Penalties, without a reasonable Excuse for such

Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace.

XI. And be it further cnaSed, That all Forfeitures and Penalties mentioned in this AS (the necessary

Charges for the Recovery thereof bring first deduSed) {hall be divided and distributed, one Moiety thereof

to the Receiver General of his Majesty’s Stamp-duties (or some Person authorised by him to receive the

fame), for the Ule of his Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue

for the fame.

XII. Provided also, and be it enaSed, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to be conviSed before

any Justice of Peace for any Offence committed against this AS, or an Act, intituled An Act for repealing-

an Afty made in the twenty second Tear of his present Afajc/ly, intituled, 4i An Act for charging a Stamp-duty

44 upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promifjbry Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand;” and

for granting new Stamp-duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes, and also Stamp-duties on

Receipts; unless Complaint or Information shall be made or exhibited against such Person or Persons withia

one Year after such Offence commuted*

No BUI of E«-

change, Note, or

Receipt, 'O be

stamprd after

written or signed,

unlcf* pon Pay-

ment of 10 L

Any neighbour-

ing Joftke may

determine Of-

fences igainst

this Act.

Penalties may*

be levied by Di*-

stress.

On Failure of

D.stress, Of-

fender to be

committed.

Persons aggriev-

ed may (on giv-

ing proper Secu-

rity) appeal to

the Quarter Sef*

fnns,

whose Determi-

nation shall be

final.

Justice may mi-

tigate Penalties*

Penalty on Per-

fons summoned

as Witnesses

who shall neglect

to appear.

Penalties and

Forfeitures how

to be applied.

Complaints, Sec,

under this Act,

to be made with-'

in a Year aftef 1

the Offence*

CAP.

