0

15 f

tty.,

i Ol

to

?«• 1

Pa-

tic

Ad

the

d tO

f

iw*l ;

, i

d

Pi*®*

•21 '

W*

A j

rh vi

Xf.U I

h*

;rt;‘

nr? '

V

i*

V

SiV

r:

re'v;

jfc’

O'

0:

if

A.D. 1781. , Anpo vicesimo prime GvpJt&trIII. C. 5^54.

thousand Pound» J>y the said Act made applicable to thq Jsncourifgcniqnf :anJ?Rew^r4.t»f«fijch Peffpn or R

Persons as should make Jeffer Discoveries for .finding the Longitude a{ fiea, ot makj other ufelul Discoveries '*

and Improven^entsjp Navigation, and to the better making of jExfieriments relay tig theieto. c

■ 1 -i. • • '• ’ i

CAP.’ till: • - •

An Act to render valid certain Marriages, solemnized in certain Churches and public

Chapels in \vhich B&nns had not usually been published before or at the Time of passing

’ an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, intituled, for

the better preventing of clandestine Marriages.

8!

RegolttiftM cf

the above-re-

ted Art 14

Geo, HI.

Preamble*

Art 16 Geo. Ifr

recited.

All Marriage*

solemnircd be-

fore Aug. I,

1781, in anjr

Church, Sec, in

Enphod, erertei

since the male*

ing of the re-

cited Art. de-

cided valid.

Clergymen, who

ftull solemni*e

such Marriages,

indemnified.

Act, such Marriages .have been deemed to be vpid;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may

• be enacted $. and be it enat£ied by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and With the .Advice and Con-

fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same. That all Marriages already solemnized, or to be solemnized before the first

Day of August, one thousand seven hundred'and eighty-one, in any Church or public Chapel, in that

Part 0i Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed* erected since the

making of the said A61, and consecrated, shall be as good and valid in Law as if such Marriages had been

solemnized in Parish Churches or public Chapels having Chapelries annexed, and wherein Banns had been

usually published before or at the Time of passing the said recited A6h

If. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Parsons, Vicars, Minifter$, and Cu-

rates, who, before the tenth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, shall have so-

lemnized any of the Marriages which are hereby enabled to be valid in Law, shall be, and they are hereby

indemnified again# the Penalties inflicted by the said recited Act upon Persons who shall solemnize Mar-

riages in any, other Place than a Qhurch or public Chapel in which Banns had been usually publifaed be-

fore qr at xfieTime of passing the said recited A6L

TIL And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, Th^t the Registers of Marriages, solemnized

on to tje.solemnized in the said Churches or Chapels, which are hereby enabled to be valid in Law, or

Copies thereof, shall be received"in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of such Marriages, in the

same Manner as Registers of Marriages solemnized in Parish Churches or public Chapels, in which Banns

were usually published before or at the Time of patting the said recited Act, or Copies thereoF, are received

in Evidence. ' -

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Registers of all Marriages, solemnized in

any public Chapels which are hereby enacted to be valid- in Law, shall, within twenty Days next after the

first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, be removed to the Parish Church of the

Parish in which such Chapel shall he situated; and in case such Chapel shall be situated in an extraparo-

chial Place, then to the Parish Church next adjoining to such extraparochial Place, to be kept with the

Marriage Register$ of such Parish, and in like Manner as Marriage Registers are directed to be kept by

the said recited A61.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for the better regulating Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City

‘ of Coventry.

4 TT J HEREAS the Right of Election of Citizens to serve in’ Parliament for the City of Coventry, is. Preamble,

* W by the last Determination of the House of Commons, of the twentieth Day of November, one

4 thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, declared to be in such Freemen as have served seven Years Ap-

4 prenticeship to one and the fame Trade in the said City* or the Suburbs thereof, and do not receive Alms

or weekly schaiity, such Freemen being duly sworn and inrolled: And whereas great Frauds and Abuses

Registers of such

Marriages to be

received as Evi-

dence.

Registers of

Marriages so-

lemtiiaed in

Chapels. to be

removed to the

Parish Church.

4 and in Violation of the Freedom of Elections:’ To prevent such Pra6tiees for the future, be it enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Cortimons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, An open Co;n-"

from and.after the patting of this Act, an open Council shall be held at Saint Marys Hall in the said City, robe hddat

on the first and last Tuesday in every Calendar Month, for the Purpose, on the irrft Tuesday in each Month, Sr*

of receiving and proclaiming aloud the Names of every Person or Persons who shall then present, or cause i^Tuefdsv in

to be presented, an Account in Writing of the Particu! its of his or their.Claim to the Freedom of the said evc/y

City, and for the Purpose, on the last Tuesday in each Month,’ of admitting to the Freedom of the said

City such Person or Persons as shall then appear and claim to be so admitted, he or they first verifying

Yol, XIV. Part I. M upon

