A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III, C. 70,

of the said Governor General and Council in Writing, he or they may plead the General Mae, and give

the said Order in Evidence; which said Order, with Proof that the A& or Acts done has or have been

done according to the Purport of the fame, shall amount to a sufficient Jollification of the said A£U, and

the Defendant shall be fully justified, acquitted, and discharged from all and every Suit, Action, and Pro*

cess whatsoever, civil or criminal, in the said Court.

III. Provided always, That with respect to such Order or Orders of the said Governor General and

Council as do or shall extend to any British Subject or Subjects, the said Court shall have and retain as full

and competent Jurisdiction as if this A& had never been made.

IV. Provided alfcK That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge

or acquit the said Governor General and Council, jointly or severally, or any other Person or Persons

acting by or under their Order, from any Complaint, Suit, or Process, before any competent Couit in

this Kingdom, or to give any other Authority whatsoever to their Alls, than Acts of the fame Nature and

Description had, by the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom, before this Act was made.

V. And, in order to prevent all Abuse of the Powers given to the Governor General and Council/

be it further enacted, That in case any Person, by himself, or his Attorney or Counsel, shall make a

Complaint to the Supreme Court, and enter the fame in Writing, and upon Oath, of any Oppression or

Injury, charging the fame to be committed by the said Governor General, or any Member or Members

of the Council, or any other Person or Persons by or in virtue of any Order given by the said Governor

General and Council, and shall execute a Bond, with some other Person whom the said Court shall deem

responsible, jointly and severally, to the United East India Company, in such a Penalty as the Court shall

appoint, effectually to prosecute the Lid Complaint by lndidhment, Information or Action, in some

competent Court in Great Britain, within two Years of the making of the fame, or of the Return into

Great Britain of the Party or Parties against whom the fame is made; that then, and in such Cafe, the

Party complaining shall be, and is hereby enabled to compel, by Order of the Court, the Production in

the said Supreme Court of true Copy or Copies of the Order or Orders of Council complained of, and to

have the fame authenticated by the Court, and to examine Witnesses upon the Matter of the said Com-

plaint, and also on the Part of the Person or Persons complained of; and the said Parties, as well com*

plaining as complained of, shall have and enjoy severally all Manner of Advantages, Rights, and Privi-

leges, relative to Proof of the said Complaint or Defence, and also relative to any Mandamus or Commis*

fion to be issued by any of his Majesty’s Courts in Westminster-hall, in case the Court upon Motion shall

think fit to issue the fame, as are provided in case of any Suit in such Cafes by an Act of the thirteenth

Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An At7 for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management

of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe; and the Supreme Court shall have

the fame Powers for the compelling Witnesses to appear and be examined, and the same Rules and Di-

rections shall be observed for the transmitting the Depositions of Witnesses and other Papers to this King-

dom, as are provided by the said recited A61.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Copies so authenticated of Orders of the said Governor Ge-

neral and Council, and also the Depositions which shall have been taken in Manner aforesaid before the

Supreme Court, shall be received in Evidence in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Law or Equity at West*

minster*

Courts at

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Prosecution or Suit shall be carried on against the said Go-

vernor General, or any Member of the Council, before any Courttjn Great Britain (the High Court of

Parliament only excepted), unless the fame shall be commenced within five Years after the Offence com-

mitted, or within five Years after his Arrival in England.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Supreme Court shall not have or exercise any Juris-

diction in any Matter concerning the Revenue, or concerning any Act or Acts ordered or done in the

Collection thereof, according to the Usage and Practice of the Country, or the Regulations of the Go-

vernor General and Council.

4 IX. And, for removing all Doubts concerning the Persons subject to the Jurisdiction of the said Su-

prerre Court/ be it enaaed, That no Person shall be subject to the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court,

for or by reason of his being a Landowner, Landholder, or Farmer of Land, or of Land Rent, or for

receiving a Payment or Penfton in lieu of any Title to, or ancient Possession of Land or Land Rent, or

for receiving any Compensation or Share of Profits for collecting of Rents payable to the Public out of

such Lands or Distridls as are actually farmed by himself, or those who are his Under-tenants in virtue of

his Farm, or for exercising within the said Lands and Farms any ordinary or local Authority commonly

annexed to the Possession or Farm thereof, within the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa, or for or

by reason of his becoming Security for the Payment of the Rents reserved or otherwise payable out of any

Lands or Farms, or Farms of Land, within the Provinces of Bengal, Bahary and Orifa,

X. And be it further enacted, That no Person, for or by reason of his being employed by the Company,

or the Governor General and Council, or by any Person deriving Authority under them, or for or on

account of his being employed by a Native or Descendant of a Native of Great Britain, shall become sub-

jedl to the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court in any Matter of Inheritance or Succession to Lands or

Goods, or in any Matter of Dealing or Contract between Party or Parties, except in Actions for Wrongs

or Trespasscs, and also except in any civil Suit by Agreement of Parties in Writing to submit the fame to

the Decision of the said Court.

4 XI. And, for the more perfectly ascertaining those of the Natives who shall be subject to the Juris-

c diction of the Supren\|J^ourt, on account of their being employed by any of his Majest/s British Sub-

jecls / be it enacted, 1 bat, on or before the fixft Day of January^ one thousand seven hundred and

5 eighty-

Vj

*43

Order of the Oe-

vernor General,

ftc. may plead

the Genteel If-

foe.

Proviso.

The Governor

General, Ice. t#

remain liable I#

any Complaint

before a compe-

tent Court in

this Kingdom,

If any Person

making Com-

plaint to the Su-

preme Court

against the Go-

vernor General,

tec. Hull execute

a Bond to the

Company to pro-

fecute the salt.e

id some compe-

tent Court in

Great Britain, '

tec. such Person

may compel, by

Order of the

Court, the Pro*

duflion of Co-

pies of the Or-

der* compUioed

of, &c«

Authenticated

Copie* of Or-

der!, tec. shall

be received in

Evidence in tbf

We&minster.

Limitation of

AOiooi.

Supreme Court

not to have any

Jurisdittiou in

any Matter con-

cerning the Re-

venue.

No Person Dial!

be subject to the

JurifJiOion of

the Supreme

Court on account

of hit being a

Land-owner or

Farmer of Land,

&c.

nor for being

employed by (he

Company. Arc.

except in Ac-

tion* for Tics-

pailes, 8cc.

