C. 92. Anno viccfimo tertio Georgii III. . A.D. 1783.

44 age. The following Rates to be taken : For all Coal, Coak, and Iron-Rone, which shall he conveyed

44 from any of the Mines within the Liberty of Bilft'on, or any other Part of the Parift) of Wolverhampton,

4; and the Parishes of Sedge Uy, Tipton, IVednefbury, and IVcft Bromwich, or elsewhere, and which shall pass

44 through the Locks from the Lower Level into the present Birmingham Canal, after the R*te of Four-

44 pence per Ton, by Way of Lock Dues, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a

44 Ton: For all Coals, Coak, and Iron-stone, which shall be conveyed upon any Part of the said intended

44 Canal, between a certain Biidge on rhe Birmingham Canal, called Farmer's Bridge, and Fazeiey, and not

44 passing into the Coventry Canal, the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny per "I on per Mile, and so in Propor-

14 tion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton, and any greater or less Ddlance than a Mile: For all

44 Coals, Coak, and Iron-stone, which shall be conveyed from Farmer's Bridge, to the Termination of the

44 intended Canal, near Fazelcy, and passing into the Coventry Canal, the Sum of Tcn-pence per Ton:

44 For all Coals, Coak, and Iron-stone, which shall be conveyed from Farmer's Bridge, and be delivered

44 at any Part of the Canal, between Farmers Bridge and the Termination of the Collateral Cut in the

44 Land of Sir Timm Gooch, after the Rate of three Farthings per Ton, by way of Lock Dues: For all

44 Timber, Stone, and other Goods, which shall be conveyed upon any Part of the said Canals and Colla-

44 teral Cuts (except Coal and Iron-stone) one Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile: For all Coals, Coak,

44 and Iron-stone, conveyed upon the said Collateral Branches, and not entering into or passing any of

*4 the Locks to be made between the present Canal and the Lower Level, one Penny Halfpenny per Ton

44 per Mile, Wharfage to be taken in certain Cafes. Company of Proprietors may alter the Rates from

44 Time to Time. Mailers of Boats, &c, to give an Account in Writing to the Collegers, of Goods on

44 Board. Collectors may weigh Goods. Navigation to be free, on Payment of Rates. No Boat under

44 20 Tons to pass through any Lock, without the Consent of the Company. Vessels with leftAVeight of

44 Lading than 20 Tons may pass Locks, if not Water sufficient for 20 Tons. Owners and Occupiers of

44 Lands may use Pleasure and other Boats on the Canal; but not to carry Goods or PaflVngers for Hire.

44 Drains to be made for the Lands adjoining. Towing Paths to be fepjrated from the adjoining Lands.

44 In case of Failure, Commissioners to do ir. In case of Company’s neglecting to repair Works, Land-

44 owners to do it. Coals, &c. found in digging the Canal may be taken by the Pioprietors of Land.

44 Clause for allowing the working of Mines under theCamls and Cuts; and for discovering when such Mines

44 are working. Mines to be gut by the Owners, unless the Company make Satisfaction Owners, &c. may

44 make Cuts into the Canals and Collateral Cuts, through their own Lands. Owners of Land may ered

44 Bridges, &c. Company restrained from erecting or taking down Buildings, tsV ; except the Tenements

44 in Church fire et, Digbeth-street, Park-Jireet, and alThe Salutation. Land-owners may ered Warehous?s,

44 tzfc* on their own Land; but, if not done within twelve Months after Notice, the Company may build.

44 Wharfage to be taken by Lords and Land-owners. Cranes to be erected on the Wharfs and Quays.

44 Boat-masters or Owners made answerable for Damage done by the Crew, &c. Proper Places to

44 be made for Boats to turn or lie in Vessels lying so as to obstrud the Navigation to be removed.

44 Persons over-loading, and obstructing the Passage of the Canal, t?c. to forfeit five Pounds. Penalty

44 on throwing Ballast, tffc into the Canals or Cuts. Clause respecting Persons injuring Lock Gates, idc,

44 'Regulations forVefiels passing the Locks. Canals or Collateral Cuts not to be under the Power of Commit

44 sioners of Sewers. Remedy for Satisfadicm to be made in gross, or by annual Rent. Rights of Lords of

44 Manors preserved. Personson board having Nets, &c and not qualified, forfeit 5 /. NewCommissionersto

44 be chufen in Room of those who die, or refuse to ad. Quarter Session impowered to nominate Commission-

44 ers, in case the Survivors neglect, or a sufficient Number cannot be found in the Neighbourhood.

44 Clause respecting the Qualification of Commflioners. Commissioners acting not being qualified, to forfeit

44 50/. Commissioners may act as Justices. Commissioners to give fourteen Days Notice of their Meet-

44 ing% and to hold Meetings when requested. Special Meetings to be held for ascertaining Damages.

44 No Meeting to be held but within five Miles of the Canals or Collateral Cuts. The Right, isfc. of

44 Lands, in case the Canals or Collateral Cuts shall not be completed in ten Years, or shall be dif-

44 used, to be reconveyed to the former Owners. Chutes for the Payment of the Expences of this Act,

44 and for Repayment of the Expences of the Persons who applied for the Biljhn Canal Bill. Subscribers

44 negledin£ to pay their Subscriptions, they may be sued. Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered

44 and applied. Writings to be without Stamps. Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form.

44 Persons aggrieved by any Irregularity in Distress, to recover only the Special Damage. Persons aggrieved

44 may appeal to the Quar^er Sessions.”

