420

The Money to

be appl-ed to-

wards di scharge-

ing the De‘ ti of

the Corporation

©n account of the

Middle and South

Levels,

Publick A£,

Preamble.

16 Geo. III.

«ap. 5,

and 17 Geo. Ill*

io far at they

prohibit T'^de

•nd Intercourfa

with America,

repealed.

Preamb’e.

is Geo. III. cap*

jj. recited.

C. 26—28. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783,

paid for as aforesaid, cease, determine, and be extinguished and abolished ; any Statute to the contrary

thereof in any wile notwithstanding.

II And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sums and Sum of Money what*

soever which {hall arise by such Sale or Sal vs as aforesaid, shall (after hi il dischirging the Costs, Charges, and

Expences attending the pa/Ting this present Act, and the Execution thereof) be applied by the said Corpo-

ration, so far as the fame will extend, towards the Payment and Discharge of the said Bond Debts of the

said Corporation upon account of the said Middle and South Levels, and to or for no other Purpose what-

soever: And in case the said Debts of the said Corporation shall at any Time, either by the Means

aforesaid, or by any other Means, be wholly discharged, then and from thenceforth the said Power of

Sale hereby given {hall cease and determine.

III. And be it further evaded and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed

and allowed in all Courts within this Kingdom to be a Publick Act ; and shall be judicially taken notice

of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the lame.

CHAP. XXVI.

An Act to repeal so much of two Acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of

the Reign of his present Majesty, as prohibits Trade and Intercourlc with the United'’

•States of America.

4 WHEREAS it is highly expedient that the Intercoirfe between Great Britain and the United

4 States of America should be immediately opened;’ be it therefore envied ar.d declarer by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with th- Advice and Conlcnt of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo-

ral, and Commons, in this present Parliament ailembled, and by rhe Authority of the same. That an

Act, pa(Ld in the sixteenth Year cf his Majesty’s Reign (mtituled, An Act to prohibit all Trade and

Intercom)* with the Colonies of New H impshire, Mafiachufeds Bay, Rhode ifLnu, Comiediicut, New

York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the Three Loiver Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Ca-

rolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, dat ing the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies

respcttiV' ly ; for repealing an Art, made in the fourteenth Tear of the, Reign of his present Af Je/ly, to d i I conti-

nue the Landing and Discharging, Lading or Snipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town,

and within the Harbour of Bolton, in the Province of Ale (fetch'fed s Bay, and also two Acts, made in the last

Session of Parliament, for refraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Arts rfpertively men-

tioned-, and to enable any Pei fen or Persons, appointed and authorized?>y his Alje/ly to grant Pardons, to issue.

Proclamations, in the Cafes anti for the Purposes therein mentioned) ; and a M'o an Act palL I in rhe 'cventcerth

Yeir of his Majftly’s Reign, (inti-uled, An Art fir enabling the Commissioners for executing ihe OfAe of Lord

High Admiral of Cheat Britain, to grant Commijfons to the Commanders of private Ships and Vessels employed in

Trade, or retained in his Majesty s Service, to take and make Prize of all such Ships and Vcf'cls, and their

Cargoes, as are therein mentioned, for a limited Time) \ so far as the said Acts, or either of them, may

extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit Trade and In*ercou:fe with th * Territories now comp ling

the said United States of America, or to authorise any Hostilities ag.nnft the Persons or Properties of the

Subjects and Citizens of the said United States, af er the respective Periods set forth in his M j fly’s Pro-

clamation, for the C<.station of H< ftilitits between Great Britain and the United States of America, bearing

Date the fourteenth Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall be, and the

fame are henceforth repealed.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to ascertain and eftabiifli the Boundaries of and between the Hospital of Bridewell and the Pre~

cinrt thereunto belonging, and the Parish oI Saint Am Btackft iars* in the City of London^ as therein

fpccifitd.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for preventing and removing all Doubts which have arisen, or might arise, con-

cerning the exclusive Rights of the Parliament and Courts of Ireland, in Matters of

Legifl ttion and Judicarure •, and for preventing any Writ of Error or Appeal from any

of his Majesty’s Courts in that Kingdom from being received, heard, and adjudged, in

any of his Majesty’s Courts in the Kingdom of Great Britain.

4 \VHERKAS* an Act nf the lad SefTmn of this present Parliament (intituled, An Act to repeal

4 Y Y an Atl, made in the fxlb Year of the Rtign of his late Majesty King George the Fi< (I, intitu'ed, An

4 Art for the better securing the Dependency of the Kingdom of Ireland upon the Crovjn ofCJicat Britain), it

4 was enacted, That the said lull-mentioned Act, and ail Matters and Things therein contained, (bould

4 be repealed: AnJ whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Provisions of the said Act are fufheient to

* feaire to the People of Ireland the Rights claimed by them to be bound only by Laws enacted by his

4 Majesty and the Parliament of that Kingdom, in all Cafes whatever, and to have all Actions and Suits

* at L^w or in Equity, which may be instituted in that Kingdom, decided in his Majesty’s Courts therein

4 finally, and without Appeal from thence : Therefore, for removing all Doubts respecting the fame,’ May

it please your Majesty that it may be declared and enacted; and be it declared and enacted by the King’s

3 moit

e

