392

Oaths and Cer-

tificate* to be

administered,

See, by the

CoUedor, Sec,

AH Wine re-

moved without

Certificate, &c.

shall be forfeited,

with the Cattle

and Carnages

removing the

fame.

In case of Dif-

pute relative to

removing Wine,

See, Proof to lie

on the Claimer.

Penalty on Per-

son* sweanng

fajfely,

and on forcing

or altering Cet-

tificatci. Sec,

From Sept, I,

178}, no Draw-

back to be al-

lowed on Ex-

portation of

B itish refined

Sugar, unit-fa

parked in Cefks

of six hundred

'Weight, Arc.

Exception.

Exporter, 4 c. to

give Bond, in

Trtole the

Amo int of the

Drawback, for

the due Exporta-

tion of kch Su*

par.

All Suj*.ar so en-

11red, which

fh*ll not be ex-

ported, shall

be fors' ited,

with the Vrfll*l,

Arc.

Penalty on Per-

fou: alfifting in

un-hipping cr

iclauding there-

of.

Bonds to rema'n

li-ut Year* in

C. j6.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783,

vage, or that the fame had been compounded for or condemned, as the Cafe may be; referring to the Tim?

when, and the Place where, such Wine was entered, fold, compounded for, or condemneJ, «*nde<p ril-

ing the Quantity and Soit of Wine, with the Marks of the Package thereof, to wine Place, anu to w o n

the fame isconfigned, and by what Carriage, and by whom the lame is intended to be koiov-J; which

Fads shall be verified by the Oath of the Importer or Proprietor of such Wine; and if the \\ iis to be

removed by Land, the Certificate shall also express and limit the Time for which such Certificate shall

{hall continue in Force-

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Oaths and Certificates herein-

before required, shall and may be administered and granted by the Collector and Comptroller, or the chief

Officers of the Customs, irt the Manner before directed, without Fee or Reward.

without Fer,

III. And it is hereby further ennded by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wine shall be removed as

aforesaid, or found removing, without the Certificate herein-before required, nr shall not agree therewith*

all such Wine, and the Casks or other Package thereof, together with the Horles, Cattle, Carts, Wag-

gons, Boats, Barges, and all other Carriages whatsoever, employed, or in any ways made uie of in the

removing, carrying, or conveying of such Wine, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized

and prosecuted by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs, and after Condemnation, disposed of

and divided in such Manner as the like Goods may for any other cause of Forfeiture be seized, prosecuted,

disposed of, and divided, by any Law in Force.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wine shall he seized for be-

ing removed, or for being found removing, without such Cerificate, or any Cattle or Carriages shall be

seized for removing, or for having been uled in removing such Wine, and any Doubt or Dispute shall arise

whether such Wine hath or hath not been removed, or is or is n at removing, or such Cattle or Carriages

hath or hath not been used in removing thereof, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the

Proof thereof shall lie on the Owner or Claimer of such Goods, and not upon the Officer who shall seize or

flop the fame.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely

make Oath to any of the Fads herein-before required to be sworn, such Person or Persons shall, on Con-

viction thereof, suffer the like Pains and Penalties as arc incurred by Persons committing wilful and cor-

rupt Perjury; and if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify, any Cerificate

required or directed by this Act, or shall knowingly or willingly make use of any Certificate so forged,

counterfeited, erased, altered, or falhfied, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the

Sum of five hundred Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and

the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Culloms or Excise as shall sue and prosecute for the

fame in any Court of Record at lVejhninJ}ery or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively.

VI. And whereas the large Drawback or Bounty allowed upon the Exportation of refined Sugar from

Great Britain into foreign Parts, hath been and may be an Encouragement to fraudulent Traders to reland

1 such Sugars in this Kingdom, after the fame hath been entered outwards for Exportation, in order to re-

ceive the Drawback or Bounty thereon;* for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of September^ one thousand l’even hundred and eighty-three,

no Drawback or Bounty shall be allowed upon the Exportation of any British refined Sugar, unless such

Sugar shall be packed in Hogsheuds, or other Casks, each of which shall contain six hundred Weight Avoir-

dupois of such Sugar at the least, and shall not be packed in Bags, Boxes, or in any other Packages with-

in such Hog (lie ad or Cask; except such Sugars as shall be exported to Africa, or any of the British Colonies

or Plantations in America, and shall be packed in Iron-bound Puncheons or Oiks, each of which Puncheons

or Calks shall be capable of containing one hundred Gallons of Liquor, or mote; and the Expo: ter or Pro-

prietor of such Sugar, together with the Master of the Vefieion Board of which the* fame shall be entered for

Exportation, {hall, before the shipping thereof, give Bond to the Collector and Comptroller of the

Customs at the Port of Exportation (which Bond they are hereby impowered to take in ths Name and to

the Use of his his Heirs and Succcllbrs). in'Preble the Amount of the Drawback or Bounty on

such Sugar, for the due Exportation thereof (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted); and that such

Sugar shall not be brought back or relanded, or unshipped to be relanded, in Great Britain, the J/leof Man%

or the Blands of Faro or Ferro: And if such Sugar so entered for Exportation, (h ill not be bona fide shipped

and exported on board the Veftel in which the fame shall be so entered, ut it such Sugar, after the Shipping

thereof, shall be brought back into this Kingdom, or be reland .*d, or unshipped with an Intention to be re-

relanded, in thL Kingdom (unless in case of Di ft refs to lave the Ship from perishing, or by Order of the

Commissioners, or principal Officers of the Customs), such Sugar, together with the Ship or Veffil from

which the fame shall be unfbipped, and the Boats, Veffils, and all other Cattle and Carriages whatsoever

used in the landing, removing, carrying or conveying of such Sugar, shall be forfeited and h>ft; and every

Person who shall bring back, or who shall cause or procure such Sugar to be brought b^ck, or shall he af-

sifting or otherwise concerned in the bringing back, rdanding, or unshipping such Sugar, or to whose

Hands the fame shall knowingly come, after the fame shall be brouaht b u k, reLnded, or unfliipped, or by

whose Privity, Knowledge, or Direction, the saul Sugar, or any Par: thereof, shall be brought back, re-

hnderi, or uniiipped, fiull f/rfeit Treble the Value thereof: Which said Forfeitures and Penalties shall

and may be prokcuted, lued for, and recovered, by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customsy

and, after Condemnation, disposed of and divided in such Manner and Form as the like Goods and Penal-

ties may be sued for, p-ofecuted, recovered, disposed of, and divided, by any Law in Force.

VII. A nd it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 1 hit the Bonds bcrdn-before directed

to be taken for the due Exportation of such Sug*r, shall remain undischarged in the Hands of the Officers

7 .____ who

