A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii ill.

C. 16,

299

Profecuhms so

be corr.mercfd

within 40 Day!.

by the Order of

any Jottice, may

appeal ro

Limitation of

A CiiOHS,

other Penalties and Forfeitures which {hall he recovered by virtue of this Act, shall go and be paid to the

Informer or Informers, and Prosecutor or Prosecutors.

XIV. Provided always. That all Prosecutions for Offences against this Act shall be commenced within

forty Days next after the Offences shall be respectively committed or discovered, and nor afterwards, and

{hall be prosecuted with Effect and without Delay; and if any Person (hill think him or herself aggrieved

by the Judgment or Order of any Justice of the Peace, touching the Conviction for any Offence against

this Act, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions to

be holden for the County, City, Town, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, he or she

fitft giving reasonable and sufficient Notice of such Appeal to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors; abd the Qjucer Se/Bonr.

Judgment and Determination of the Justices at such General Quarter Sessions shall be final and con-

clunve upon all Parties 5 and the said Justices dre hereby impowtred, upon such Appeal, to allow such

reasonable Costs and Charges to either Party as they shall think just; the fame to be levied and paid in

such Manner as is usual in other Cafes of Appeal from Orders of pny Justices of the Peace to the General

Quarter Sessions

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Adiion or Suit {hall be com-

menced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act,

every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Calendar Months next after the Cause of

Action shall have arisen, and not afterwards, and {hall be laid and tried in the County, City, or Place,

where the fame {hall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Ad ion or Suit

may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had General I flue,

thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Suit shall be commenced was done

in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or

if any such Action or Suit {hall be brought or commenced after the Time before limited for bringing the

fame, or {hall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforeLid, then, and in every such Ca e, the Jury

{hall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs shall

be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or De-

fendants {ball have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the fame Treble Corti.

as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cafe by Law.

XVf. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Publick Act; and shall be judicially PuW,ckAft»

taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially plead-

ing the fame.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for authorising the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Garrison and Naval

Department of Gibraltar, the like Bouncy for destroying certain Spaniftj Ships of War, as

is allowed to the Officers and Men on Board any of his Majesty’s Ships of War taking or

destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy.

WHEREAS by two several Acts of Parliament, of the nineteenth and twentieth Years of Preamble.

the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and fj}ec~ Rcciul of 19

tual Manning cf his Adoje/ly s Novys the Commissioners of the Navy are directed to ifl'ue Bills for the

Geo III. cap.

67; and 20

Geo. III. cap.

>3-

Payment to all Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, or others, who shall have been aduaily on Board

4 any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, at the Time of taking, linking, burning, or othei wife destroying,

4 any Ships of War belonging to the King, or to the King of Spain, the Sum of five Pounds for

every Man alive on beard the Ships so taken, funk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, at the Beginning

4 of the*Attack or Engagement: And whereas in the Month of September, one thousand seven hundred

and eighty-two, an Attack was made upon his Majesty’s Garrison at Gibraltar, by ten Battering Ships

4 of VV.tr belonging to his most Catholic Majesty, all which Ships of War were, by the said Garrison, and

the Naval Department nt the Port of Gibraltar, burnt, funk, or otherwise destroyed; and in the Month

4 of October, in the same Year, a Spanish Ship of War, called The Saint Miguel, surrendered to the said

4 Garrison and Naval Department: And whereas by the Arid Letter of the said Acts, the Officers and

4 Men of the said Garrison, and Naval Department, are not intitled to the said Bounty, for burning,

4 sinking, or otherwise destroying, the said Battering Ships of War. or for taking the said Spanish Ship of

4 War, as aforesaid: And whereas it is highly proper that all due Encouragement should be given to the

4 distinguished Merit of the Officers and Men of the said Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar, for

4 their long and gallant Defence of that important Foitrefs May it therefore please your Majesty

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That the Officers and Men belonging to the Garrison at Gibraltar, and The Garrison of

tq the Naval Uepartment'at the said Port of Gibraltar, at the respetHive Times of the Attack being made and

upon the said Garrison, and the Surrender of the said Spanish Ship of War as aforesaid, ftull be inurled to, pa'(mcn(\heV<-

and shall receive the said Bounty of.five Pounds for every Man living on board the said Battering Ships of in kled to H=»d

War, at the Beginning of the said Attack; and also for every Man living on board the said Spanish Slupof Money iordc-

War, at the 'lime of her surrendering to the said Garrison and Naval Department, as afore laid, in as full footing the

and ample Manner as the Officers and Men on board any of his Majesty’s Ships of War are by the said Btlu*

A<3s. intitled to the Bounty thereby allowed upon the taking or destroying any Ships of War belonging to ne5* c’

the Enemy: And the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy shall, and they arc hereby authorised and ^f°^ISioBer#

required (upon Proof made, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, by Certificates, or otherwise, tomakeomBUli

7 fw that Pttrpofc,

