Preamble#

After Aug. t,

17SI1 cveiyPet-

Ion buying or

receiving ftulen

Goods (hill be

deemed guijfy of

a Misdemeanor,

and prosecuted

accordingly.

224. C. 58, Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

44 Power to dig, tfr. Materials in Waste Ground, gratis ; and in private Grounds, making Satisfaction.

c Justices to contraCt: with Proprietors for Materials, £$V. and to settle the Recompence : And if any Per-

tons (nail be dillicistied therewith, or shall be prevented from treating, a Jury (hdl! be fuunmontd; who

44 Thai! allefs the Damage and Recompence on Oath. Verdict of Jury, t?c. to be final. On Payment

or renter of the Money afldted, Justices may employ Men to carry on the Work' : An I they are in-

44 demmfied for what they shall do. Expcucc of takirg down the clJ Bridge and building the new one to be

44 defrayed out of the County Rates. Persons damaging the Bridge, liable to certain Penalties. Power to

fell che Materials of the old Bridge, CV. Power to djfpofe of the aiuicnt Bridge to the Commissioners of

T the Quay. Certain Tolls teemed to the Corporation of Laticnjhr. Chaims of Compensation by Mr.

;-4 Brpjit:avj arid Mr. Mafinh how to be tried, and Damages (if any) fultainrJ by Mr. Bradshaw afeer-

'1 tained and paid. Proceedings not to be delayed by the Death of any of the Parties. Costs and Expences

14 to be p*id out of the general Stock of the County. No Satisfaction to be given to Mr. Rradjhaw or Mr*

. 4 Majin* if Actions not commenced within a limited Time, Perioni aggrieved m >y appeal to the Qu.ir-

•4i ter dessions ; whose Determination shall be final. Saving of Rights. Limitation of Anions. General

44 Issue. Treble Costs., Inhabitants of Lancaster may terve on Juries, i5V. .Publick Act.”.

. cap. Lvnr; *.

An Act for the more easy Pifcovery and effectual Tunifhrnent of Buyers and Receivers of

Stolen Goods.

o

-c IT WHEREAS the pernicious Practices of buying and receiving stolen Goods are become a great

4 ,VV Evil, by reason of the Difficulty of discovenng the Persons guilty of the fame, and of the Infus-

4 ficiency of the Law9 now in being for the Punishment of such Offenders, in certain Cafes be it there-

fore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That from and after the first Day of August, one thousand (even hundred and eighty-two, in all

Cafes whatsoever where any Goods or Chattels (except Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, Bell-metal, and

Solder), shall have been feloniously taken or stolen, whether the Offence of the Person or Persons

so taking or dealing the fame, shall amount to Grand Larceny or some greater Offence, or to

Petit Larceny only (except where the Person or Persons actually committing the Felony shall

have been already convicted of Grand Larceny, or of some greater Offence), every Person who

shall buy or receive ajjy such Gpods and Chattels, knowing the lame to have been so taken or stolen,

shall be held and deemed guilty of, and maybe prosecuted for, a Misdemeanor, and shall be punished

by Fine, Imprisonment, or Whipping, as the Court of Quarter Sdlions, who arc hereby impowered

to try such Offender, or as any other Court before which he, (he, or they, shall be tried, shall

think fit to inflict ; although the principal Felon or Felons be not before convicted of the said Felony, and

whether he, (he, or they, is or are amenable to Justice or not 5 any Law or Statute to the contrary not-

withstanding: And in Cafes where the Felony actually committed shall amount to Grand Larceny, or to

some greater Off*nce, and where the Person or Persons actually committing such Felony shall not be hefore

convicted, such Offender or Offenders shall be exempted from being punched as Accellary or Accessaries,

if such principal Felon or Felons shall be afterwards convicted.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may *be lawful for any

one Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint made before him upon Oath, that there is Reason fb suspect that

stolen Goods are knowingly concealed in any Dwelling House, Oufhouse, Garden, Yard, Croft, or other

Piace or Places, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause every such Dwelling House, Outhouse,

Garden, Yard, Croft, or other Place or Places, to be searched in the Day Time ; and the Person or Per-

fons knowingly concealing the said stolen Goods, or any Part thereof, or in whose Custody the fame, or

any Hart thereof, shall be found, he, (lie, or they, being privy thereto, shall be deemed and held guilty of

a Misdemeanor, and shall and may be brought before any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Town

Corporate, Riding, Division, Liberty, or Place, and made amenable toanswerthe fame, by like Warrant

of any such Justice, and being thereof convicted by due Couile of Law, (kali be punffhable in the Manner

aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ev?ry Constable, Headborough, or Ti-

thing-man, in every County, City, Town Corporate, Ridine, Division, Liberty, or other. Place where

there shall be Officers, and every Beadle within his Ward, Parish, or Diffrift, and every Watchman, du-

ring such Time only as he is on his Duty, shall and may apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, all and

every Person and Persons, who may reasonably be suspected of having, or carrying, or any ways convey-

ing,•* at any Time after Sun-setting, and before Sun-nfing, any Goods or Chattels suspected to be stolen,

and the fame, together with such Person or persons, as soon as conveniently may be, to convey or carry be-

fore any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Town Corporate, Riding, Division, Liberty, or

Place aforesaid, to be dealt with according to Law; and such Person and Persons, so carrying or convey-

ing such Goods or Chattels, knowing the fame to have been stolen, and being thereof convicted, by due

Course of Law, shall be deemed and held to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and, on Conviction as aforesaid,

shall be impnloned-for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months, . nor less than three Calendar

Months.

TV. And it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person, to whom any Goods or

Chattels, which have been feloniously stolen or taken, shall be brought and offered to be sold, pawned, or

delivered, shall, and is hereby impowered and required (there being reasonable Cause to suspect that such

Goods or Chattels were stolen) to apprehend, ftcure, and carry before a Justice of the Peace for the County,

9 City*

* 11 u’ 1

JuiVicei may

gMnt Srurch

Warrants to dif»

rover llolen

OjctiJ.

Puniihmtnt of

Persons in whose

Custody they are

found.

Cor.ftibles, &c.

may apprrhend

Persons suspected

of having any

Aden Goodi,

between Sun-

{ sting and Sun-

riling, &c.

Persons offering

stolen Goods to

be pawned or

fold, Dull be

Taken before a.

Justice.

,OOgl

