Al D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georg 11 III. C. 10, 7

every Person arid Persons, Bodies Politic a%d Corporate, Ecclesiastical and Civil, who, at the Time of

-making the said respective Determinations or Decrees, were the several and respective Owners and Pro-

prietors of the Mefliiages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said several recited Acts men-

tioned, and ndt situate in the said Counties of Devon and CornvSally according to their several and respec-

tive Estates and Interests therein, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, as ascertained as

.aforesaid; >and to the Persons who have sustained or will sustain Damage by taking such Lands for the

Purposes of §ach respective Ada> as mentioned in the said several and respective Determinations or

Decrees. * T j

. 4 II. And. to the Intent that all and Angular the Proprietors aforesaid .may be paid for such tbeirire*-

* spective Estates and Interests, and that the Persons so sustaining Damage may be paid for such Damage "

* all and every such Sum andSucns of Money as they have been adjudged and determined, byvthe said * a

4 Commissioners, to be respectively intitled unto, together with Interest for the fame, after the Rate of

* feve Pounds per Centum tier Annum from the respective Times following; that is to say. With respect 19

4 the said Lands in the County of Ejfexy from Midsummer~day, in the Year one thouftmd seven hundred -

? and 1 even freight (.when the lame appear, by the Judgment and Decree of the said Commissioners, to

4 havebeera hrftjn4(k Use rif (for the;Purposes in the said Act mentioned); and with respect. to the other Swrrf^enc^

* MeiTufcfcds and Lands* from fuqh Time as Possession thereof {hall be taken by the principal Officers of his rai of ihc OnU*

? Majesty’i Ordnance, or ,the Engineers by their Direction, to such Time.as hereio-after oientioned > nance to make

be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor-general B'llsto the

of the Ordnance for the Time being, and he is hereby required to matte out and allow one or mote Bill foif^forThc

icr Bills, to the tespective Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, for such Sum and Sums adjudged!

Sums of Money as is or are to them respectively adjudged by theiaid several and respective Determinations to them, with

our Decreed of the.feid Commissioners, together with Interest for the fame, after the Rate of five Pounds the.

psr Centum fio\Annumy frorii such respective Times as aforesaid* to the fifcieeoth Day of ApriL one tb°u> ftroc*

fend feve n !hbmired and eighty-one; which Bill or Bills so made shall express. the respective Capds*; T^ Particulars to U

jieffiems* or’JHerediuhaencs, or other Interest or Damage £0^ which-such BUt or Bills shall be, naade .Qyr^ 13

together with the Name of the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate^ Ecclesiastical or Civil; arid 1

the respective Sum and Sums of Money he, (he, or they, is or are to receive; and thereupon one or more I>eb*nn?rci to be

Debenture or Debentures shall be prepared, for such several and respective Sums as aforesaid, by the Cleok Prcrarcd by

of the Ordnance lor the Time being, and signed by three or more of the principal Officers uf the QuL Qr^ivnc^ani*

nance for the Time being j, which Debenture or Debentures is and are hereby required to be paid by the p,;d

Treasurer of the Ordnance for the Time being, who ihill.take Acquittances from,the Panics indoried Tteafurcr.

thereon: And, in order to obviatq any Doubt as to any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate,

Ecclesiastical or Civil, who shall be intitled unco or interested in any such Money, having Notice that

such Money shall be ready to be paid, the principal#Officers of his Majesty’s Ordnance (hull cause Notice

thereof to be published in the London Gazette.

UL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sums which shall, in and by such The several

Debentures, be payable to Persons to whom it is, by the said recited Decrees of the Commissioners, de* Sums to bepaW

Permitted or decreed that the Money thereby determined to belong, to them Chould be absolutely paid tp Decree* o/tbe

them, shall be paid to such Persons accordingly. Commiihoners.

4 IV. And whereas, by the said Decree or Determination of the Commissioners, with regard to the said

4 Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Chatham, it

* was and is decreed. That certain Sums of Money should be paid to the three following Corporations ;

4 (that is to say,) The Mayor and Citizens- of the City of Rocbejicr, the Dean and Chapter of the Ca-

* thedral Church of Chriji and Blejpd Virgin Mary of Rochejhry and the Brethren of Saint Bartholomew's■ The Sums fc-

4 Ilospital, in or near the said City of Rochestery as a Compensation for their respvdive Eftares and intecefts creed to errtan

4 jn such Particulars of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Parishes

4 of Saint Margaret and Chatham^ as are for such Purpose mentioned in such Decree;7 be it further such PeHon* as

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sums which shall, by the Debentures tr> be made out as they fry] au-

aforesaid, be payable to* the said several Corporations respectively, shall be paid to fu-ch Pe/fon or Persons thyrife to re-

as shall be, by such several and respective Corporations, by Writing under their common Seals, authorised cerve rheftme.

or impowered to receive the same, whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for the fame: And that it D.'rcfUo™ for

shall and may be lawful to and for each of the said three several Corporation?, as soon as conveniently may the said CorP°"

be after they shall have respectively received such respective Sums of Money, to lay out such Parts thereof

as shall be paid for Principal Money, or any Part of such Principal Money, either together or in Parcels, Money decreed-

in the Purchase of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Thhes, and Hereditaments, in Fte-simple, to be con- to them.

veyed to, or to ami for the Use. of, the said respective Corporations and their respective Successors, for

such Estateand Estates,. and tQ and for, and upon and subject to such U(es, lYufts,’Limitations and Pur-

poses,.as the Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, for or in respect whereof such Money..shall

be paid as aforesaid, were vested in such respective Corporations irnrncdtatvly before the paiHngof the said

last-recited Act of Parliament; and to accept Conveyances of the Meffiuges, Lands, Tenements, .Tithes*-

and Hereditaments, so to be purrhafed, and from Time to Time to hold and erjoy the fame according to*

such Conveyances, without any Licence or Authority other than and befnes this profent.Act; any Sta-

,tute of Mortmain, or other Law to the contrary notwithstandinK : And in the mean-Time,* and until such

Purrhtfc or Purchases shall be made, to lay out such Principal Money at Imereft in some of the Govern-

ment Securities;, and the JnteFeft arising from such Securities shall be paid to such Person orPejfons re-

spectively as would have been intitled to the Rents and Profits of such-Mcffeages* Lands, 1 enements?.

Tithes, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased, in calc the lame were purchased a^id feit-cd as aforesaid.

4 V. And whereas it was ai d is, in and by the said several Decrees of th< Commissioners, deicrmioM

4 and decreed, that several Sums of Money therein for such Purpose. mentioned, as being the Value of

^ 4 feyesaT

V ^00

