is6

For fcvery origi-

nal Seifinc taken

upon a Mort*

gage, Src. in

Scotland, an act-

ditional is.

For every origi-

nal Uetour of

any Service of

Heirs, ate. in

Scitland, an act»

ditional IS.

For every Char-

ter or Refiena.

tion,4rc. in Scot-

Jaod, an addi-

tional is.

For every origi-

ginal Instrurr.ent

of Surrender of

Lands, Tene-

ments, &c. to

the Supedors

thereof, in Scot-

land, an addi-

tional is.

Fr* every Skin

containing an

Agreement, Sec*

a Duty of 6s.

For every Inven-

tory of Furni-

ture, &e. made

wit ft Reference

to any Agree-

ment, Ac. a Du-

ty of is. 6d.

Exception!.

For every Award,

5«-

This A& not to

frefl Legacies,

&c. left to the

Wife, Child err,*

ordrindchildren

of the TefUtor.

Certain Corpora-

tion> to which

this Act <hai]not

extend.

Certain Memo-

randums or

Agreement! to

which tbia Att

&ail not extend.

at Days allowed

for Payment of

Duty on Agree-

ment!.

Duties granted

fey ibis Act to be

under the Ma-

nagement of

Cnmmifljynefs

for Sump*.

CJnd new Stamp

may be provided

so denote ihe

white Oorietftft

each Skis, &c,

C.58.

Anno vicesimo tertio Geo* 6 1I III. A.D. 1783,

F<*>r every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper upon which shall be in-

grossed or written any principal or original Seiftne, taken or following upon any Mortgage, Wadset,

Heretable Bond, Alienation, or DispoUtion, or upon any Charter, Precept of Clare Conf\at, Retours,

Apprizing?, or Adjudications of Lands or Tenements holding of any Subject as aforesaid, in Scotlcmdy

there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of one Shilling:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in-

grossed or written any principal Or original Retour of any Service of Heirs, or any Precept of Clare Conjlat

of Lands or Tenements holding of any Subject as aforesaid, in Scotland, there shall be charged an additional

Stamp-duty of one Shilling:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in-

gTofled or written any Charter or Resignation, Confirmation, Novo Damns, or Charter upon Apprizing, or

Adjudication made or granted by such Superior or others as aforesaid, in Scotland, there shall be charged an

additional Stamp-duty of one Shilling.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in*

froffed or written any principal or original Instrument of Surrender or Resignation of any Messuages,

loufes, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Tithes, Mills, Fifliings, and other heretable Rights, or any

of them, to be made to any of his Majesty’s Subjects, who are or shall be the Superiors thereof; or to any

City, Town, Burgh, or Corporation; or to any Magistrates or others who have Power to receive such

Surrenders or Resignations, in Scotland\ there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of one Shil-

ling:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Shcert or Piece of Paper, upon which*any Agree-

ment shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, whether the fame shall he only the Evidence of the Comraft,

or obligatory upon the Parties from its being a written Instrument, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of

six Shillings:

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed

or written any Invent »ry or Catalogue of any Furniture, Goods, or EffeCls, made with Reference

to any Agreement, or for the Security of any Person, (except Inventories pr.oduceable in the Ecclesiastical

Courts, and also except Inventories of Goods and Chattels distrained for Rent in Arrears, there shall be

charged a Stamp-duty of two Shilling and Six-pence:

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed,

written, or primed, any Award, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of five Shillings.

II Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in thisAvft contained shall extend to charge with the

additional Duties by this Act impoftd, any Legacy left by any Will, or other trfLmemary Instrument, or

any Share or Part of a personal Eftntc to be divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom

of any Province or Place, which dial! be left to the Wife, Children, or Grandchildren, of the Person

making such Will or tedamentary Instrument, or shall be divided amorgft them by Force of the Statute

of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge or make liable any Label, Slip, or Memorandum, con-

taining the Heads of Jnfurances to be made determined by the Corporations of the Royal Exchange AjJusance, or London

Assurance, or the Corporations of the Royal Exchange Afar a nee cf Houses and Good* from Fire, and London

Afar a nee of Hoafs and Goods from Fire, or any of them, Co the Payment of the Stamp-duties charged bf

this Act upon Contiadh or Agreements.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, 7'haf nothing in this A<7 contained /hall extend, or be construed

to extend, to charge with the Duty of six Shillings, by this Act imposed on Agreements, any Memoran-

dum or Agreement for any Lease at Rack Rent of any Meflnage under the yearly Value of five Pounds;

or to charge any Memorandum or Agreement for the Hire of any Labourer, Artificer, Manufacturer, or

menial Servant; or to charge any Memorandum, Letter, or Agreement, made for or relating to the Sale

of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes; or to charge any Memorandum or Agreement where the Matter

of Memorandum or Agrcjpient (hull not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds; or to charge any Me-

morandum or Agreement n.ade in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ that fkaJl be {hmped with

the Duty required on Deeds in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

V. Provided also, That na Memorandum or Agreement not Ilamped shall be deemed to be void, in calk

the fame shall bfe stamped at the Head Office, or the Paid Duty (hall be pa id thereon, and a Receipt

given thereon for the fame by the proper Officer receiving such Duty, within twenty-one Days after

the fame shall have been entered into.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effcLiual levying, CollcQ'ing, and paying, all

the said additional and new Duties herein-before granted, the fame shall be under the Government, Care,

and Management, of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on

stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and im~

powered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and to ufeand provide such Stamps

to denote the said several Duties as shall be requffire in that Behalf, and to do all other Things necessary to

be done for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the said several Duties herein-before granted, in

the like, and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the major Parc of them, are authorised to put

in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and P?ptr.

VfL Provided always, and be it further ena<5ied, That, to prevent the Multiplication of Stamps upon

such Pieces of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheets or Pieces of Paper, on which several Duties'are by the / ‘o;

^.o

fevcrtl

