A.D. 1782. Anno Vicesimo lccundo Georgii IN. C. 69.

or who shall hereafter arrive in this Kingdom, who shall have accepted of any Trust or Trusts, and shall

conceal or prote£ any Estate, real or personal, of him the said John Whitehid Esquire, and shall n >t (be-

fore the fiift Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, with respe& to such Persons

now being in this Kingdom, and within six Calendar Months next after their Arrival in this KingJom, with

respect to Jut ft Periods *>5 are now out of the fame) truly discover or disclose such Trust and E(Ete in

Writing to the said Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, for the Time being, shall

forfeit Treble the Value of the Estate, real* or personal, so concealed, one Moiety thereof to his Ma-

jesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the ocher Moiety thereof to him, her, or them, who shall sue for the

fame; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no EUbin, Protection,

or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance (in which Cafes Costs fin 11 be al-

lowed to the Plaintiff as in other Cafes), and shall suffer Imprisonment for one whole Year without Bail

or Mainprize.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person who shall, before the said first

Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, voluntarily come before the said Lord

Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, and make a true Discovery, upon Oath, of any

Part of the Estates, real or personal, of him the said John Whitehill Esquire, which shall have been con-

cealed, and not inserted or discovered by any Particular or Inventory delivered in by the said John IVh'iU*

hill Esquire, as is above direCfed, or on his Examination, shall be allowed after the Kate of twenty Pounds

, per Centum, according to the Valuq of such Estate or Effects so discovered, being in any Part beyond the

Seas; and after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum, according to the Value of such Estate and Effe£b so

discovered, remaining within the Kingdom, to be paid and allowed to such Person or Persons, out of the

Her Proceeds of such Estate or Effects which shall be recovered on such Discovery.

XL And be it further*enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Court of Directors of the United Com-

pany of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall fend, or cause to be sent, one or more Copy

or Copies, duly authenticated, of the Particula.s or Inventories herein-before directed to be delivered, on

Oath, to the Lord Chief Baron or Barons of his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Westminster, for the

Time being, to the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal, and to the Mayor's Court at Port Saint George

and Bombay, respectively ; which said Copy or Copies the Judges of the Courts aforesaid are hereby re-

spectively required to enter of Record, within eight Days after the Receipt thereof: And that if any Per-

son or Persons shall, within the Space of one Year after such Copy or Copies shall have been entered of

Record, make a true Discovery on Oath, in Writing, to the Chief Justice, or the Mayor, or to one other

of the Justices, or two or more of the Aldermen of any of the Courts above-mentioned, of any Part of the

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, or personal Estate whatsoever, of the

said John Whitehill Esquire, which shall have been wilfully concealed, and not inserted in such Copy or

Copies, or notdilclosed on any Examinations of the said John Whitehill Esquire, had in pursuance of this

Act, then, and in such Cafe, such Person or Persons so discovering shall be allowed after the Rate of twenty

Pounds per Centum, according to the Value of such Estate or Effects so discovered, to be paid and allowed

out of the net Proceeds of such Estate or Effects, which shall be recovered on such Discovery ; and that it

shall and may be lawful for the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and the Governor and Council

of Fort Saint George, and Bombay, respectively, to sue for and recover the Estate and Effe£b so discovered,

in the Name of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

4 XII. And, for the more effectual Discovery of such Part of the Etlate and Effects of the said John

c Whitehill Esquire, which may now be in the East Indies/ be it enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid,

That evejy Person or Persons, n fident in India, who shall have accepted any Trust or Trusts, and shall

conceal or proterft any Estate, real or personal, of or for him the said John Whitehill Esquire, and shall not,

within six Calendar Months after the C<»py or Copies of the Particulars and Inventories herein-before men-

tioned shall have been entered of Record as is herein above directed, truly discover or disclose such Trust or

Estate in Writing to the said Chief Justice, or one of the Justices of the Supreme Court of Judicature in Ben-

gal, or to the Mayor, or two or more of the Aldermen of the Mayor's Court at Fort St. George and Bombay

respeClively for the Time being, dial! forfeit Treble the Value of the Estate, real or personal, so concealed ;

one Moiety thereof to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and the

other Moiety thereof to him, her, or them, who shall sue for the same; to be recovered by such Action,

Bill, or other Proceeding, as is competent in such Courts respefrively for the Recovery of Debts due and

owing; in which Cafes Costs shall be allowed to the Plaintiff; and in case the Offender be a British Sub-

ject, shall suffer Imprisonment at the Discretion of the respective Courts above-mentioned, not exceeding

one whole Year without Bail or Mainprize.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enaSed, That all and every the Lands, Tenements, and He-

reditaments, Goods, Chattels, Monies, and other personal Estate, of what Kind or Nature soever, of him

the Lid John Whitehill Esquire, which shall be forfeited and recovered by virtue of this A&, shall be paid

and answered into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for the future Disposition of

Parliament, and subject to such Allowance 10 Discoverers as aforesaid ; any Thing h.rein-before contained

to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

4 XIV. And whereas, in case the said John Whitehill Enquire shall not return into this Kingdom, and

* enter into Recognizance in the Manner before mentioned, within the said Space of forty-two D a vs next

4 after such Notices shall be inserted in the London Gazette as aforesaid, he the said John Whitehill Ef-

4 quire ought to be considered as wilfully absenting himself out of this Kingdom for the' Purpose of avoid-

4 ing Justicebe it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said John Whitehill

Esquire shall not, within the Space of twenty Days after the Expiration of the forty-two Days herein-be-

fore mentioned, return into this Kingdom, so as to be liable to Justice in Parliament, but shall wilfully

continue to absent himself from the same, then, and in such Cafe, he the said John Whitehid Esquire shall

^ * *

24 3

Estate belonging

to John Wmtc.

hill El*.

Allowince to be

made lo Vrrforta

making Diico-

very of any

Eft*te or EflTe&i

concealed.

Etft India Com-

pany to fend a a

authenticated

C»py of the Par«

ticula-s deli-

tered ino the

Court of Exche-

quer, to the Su-

preme Court of

Judicature in

Bengal, Sec.

-Allowance to

Persons making

Discorery of

concealed Estate*

or Efteds in

I adit.

P-oaTty nn Psr-

fom in I i ii*

who (hill fecre'e

any Eftj*e real or

persons! after a

limited Time.

Forfeited E»

dates, Ac. to oi

paid into the

Exchequer.

In Cafe J^hn

Woitehill Efqj

/hall not within

20 Days after

the Expiration of

the 4 s Days be-

fore mentioned,

return into thil

Kingdom, all

Jlis Estates, both

real and personal,

/hall be forfeited

to hit Majest/,

