437

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 13—15.

fincment to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall be provided for in the next Supplies to be granted to

his Majesty by Parliament.

XIII. And be ft further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be prosecuted against any Person or

Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this AS, such Person or Persons may plead the General Wue,

and give this AS, or the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame

was done by the Authority of this AS : And if a VerdiS shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or

the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Action* after

Issue joined ; or if on Demurrer, or otherwise, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble tofts, and have the like Remedy for the fame, as any

Defendants have by Law in other Cafes; and though a VerdiS shall be given to any Plaintiff in such Ac-

tion or Suit as aforesaid, such Plaintiff shall not have Costs against the Defendant, unless the Judge, before

whom the Trial shall be, shall certify his Approbation of the Veidift.

XIV. And be it further enaSed, That all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions,' to be commenced against

any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this AS, shall be laid and tried in the County

and Place where the FaS was committed, and shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after the

FaS committed, and not otherwise.

XV. And be it further enaSed, That the Provisions of this AS, so far as the fame extend to authorize

the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, shall continue to be in Force for one Year,

to be computed from the Twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and

also to the End of the then Session of Parliament; or if the said Term of one Year shall not determine

during any Session, then till the End of the then next ensuing Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England

for one Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred

and eighty-four; and for lessening the Number of Deputy Lieutenants, and Justices of

the Peace, to act in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia.

4 XV. AND whereas by the Laws nowin being relative to the raising and training of the Militia

€ Forces, certain Acts are required to be done determined by three Deputy Lieutenants, or by two De-

* Duty Lieutenants and one Justice of the Peace, or by one Deputy Lieutenant and two Justices of the

c Peace: And whereas it frequently happens that three Deputy Lieutenants, or two Deputy Lieutenants

* and one Justice of the Peace, or one Deputy Lieutenant and two Justices of the Peace, cannot be a (fern-

? bled for such Purposes, whereby many Inconveniences have arisen be it therefore enacted, That in all

Cafes where any AS is required by the Laws now in force to be done by three Deputy Lieutenants, or

by two Deputy Lieutenants and one Justice of the Peace, or by one Deputy Lieutenant and two Justices

of the Peace, such Acts may be done by two Deputy Lieutenants, or by one Deputy Lieutenant and one

Justice of the Peace; and such Acts so done shall be as valid and effectual as if the fume were done by

three Deputy Lieutenants, or by two Deputy Lieutenants and one Justice of the Peace, or by one Deputy

Lieutenant and two Justices of the Peace; any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof

in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to continue the Provisions of an Act of the twenty-third of his present Majesty, for

granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British

and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted,

flawed* or dyed in Great Britain, for a limited Time.

€ \X7HEREAS an Act was passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King

1 * * George the Third (intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish

1 Buckrams and Tillettings, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with

% Linen, printed, painted, Jlained, or dyed in Great Britain); which Act will have Continuance until the

c twenty-eighth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four: And whereas it is expedient

c that the said Act, which is near expiring, should be continued :* May it therefore please your Majesty

that it may be enacted; and be ft enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament atTembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That the Provisions of the said Act shall be, and the fame are hereby

continued whilst a Bounty upon the Exportation of Buckrams and Tillettings, Linens, Callicoes, and

Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, dia l continue to be given, or

be given, by any Act or Acts of the Parliament of the Kingdom of Ireland.

CAP. XV.

An Act for further continuing, for \ limited Time, an Act made in the last Session of Pailiamer.t, inti-

tuled, An Act for preventing certain Injirumentsfrom being required from Ships belonging to the United States

of America ; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Pavers for the better carrying on Trade

and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesys Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States,

[Further continued to June 20, 1784.]

L 1 1 2

CAP.

Prrfont prese-

cured for execut-

ing this Act may

plead the Ge-

neral Issue 1

end, on obtain*

ing a Verdict,

shall recover

Treble Costs.

Limitation of

Actions.

Cnntir.nir.ee of

this Act.

All Ash herr-

lofoje icqvjirc-l

to be done by

three Deputy

Lieutenants nnd

Justices, may be

done by tv. o

Deputy LicuCC.

jiants, u'C.

Prran.M?,

23 Geo. 3 Cap.

21, recited j

anJ continue^.

