364

5 Geo. III.

of. 44. re*

pealed.

From the parting

of this A#, Foit

James, and the

Kiver Gambia,

their Dcpenden*

ties, &c. shall be

▼efted in the

African Cona-

pny.

The African

Trade to be free

and ooen to all

his Majesty's

5ubjc£b.

No Servant to

the Committee

of the Company

to export Ne-

groes on hhown

Account.

Servants to the

Committee to

account an

nually, upon

Oath.

C. 65. Anno vicefipno tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

£ oil the Property, Estate, and Effects of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the

1 said Forts* Settlements, and their Dependencies, in his Majesty; and for securing, extending, and im*

4 proving the Trade to Airica), were vetted in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and weie there*

4 tofore vetted-in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, by an made in the twenty-third

4 Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for extending and

4 improving the Trade to Africa): And whereas it will tend to the Preservation and Improvement of the

4 British) Trade, if the said Fort and River, and their Dependencies, extending to Cape Rouge as afore-

4 said, were under the Direction of, and v.sted in the said Company rof Merchants trading 10 Africa, in

4 like Manner as they were before the said A&, made in the fifth Year of his present iMajett. VReign

Be it therefore enacted by the Kind’s most Excellrnt Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembltd, and by the

Authority of the same, That, from and immediately after the p ffing of this Act, the said Act, made in

the fifth Year of his present Mjetty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for repealing tie Act made in the last Sef

son of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Vijling the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Com-

pony of Merchants trading to Africa; and to vefl as well the said Fort, and its Dependencies, as all other the

British Forts and Settlements upon the Coq/l of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, to-

gether with all the Property, E/latc, and Effects of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or upon

the said Forts, Settlements, and their Dependencies, in his Alajijly \ and for securing, extending, and improv-

ing the Trade to kU\Qx)% and every Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be, and the fame

is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the patting of this Act,

as well the said Fort Janies and the River Gambia, and their Dependencies, as all other the Forts, LanJs,

Cattles, Settlements, and Factories, on the Coatt of Afica, b ginning at the Port of Sallee, and extend-

ing from thence to Cape Rouge, and all other the Regions, Countries, Dominion5, Territories, Conti-

nents, Coasts, Ports, Bays, Rivers, and Places, lying and being within the Limits aforesaid, and the

Hlands near adjoining to those Coasts, and comprehended within the said Limits, excepting such Forts,

Settlements, Islands, and Territories within the same, as, by the ninth Article of the Preliminary Ar-

ticles of Peace herein before mentioned, are ceded and rett >red by his Majesty to the M »ft Christian

King; and all other the Property, Ettate, and Effl&s vvhaisoever, which, prior to the making the said

Ad of the fifth Year of his present Majest/s Reign, were potted d by the Company of Me chants trad-

ing to Africa, or claimed by them, in respect to such their Pofleilioos within the said Limits, and which

by the said Act were vetted in, poflUTed, or claimed by his Majesty, shall be, and the fame, and very

Part thereof, in the State the fame shall now be ;n, are h reby declared to I e vetted in the Company of

Merchants trading to Africa, to be employed at all Times heieaftci for the Pmredion, Encouragement,

and Defence of the African Trade, in the same Manner, and under the lame Regulations, and subject

to the same Rules, Orders, Direction, Government, Limitations, Rtttridi ns Powers, and Authorities,

as the other Forts and Settlements upon the Coatt of Af ica are now, 0/ which thoie in this Act men-

tioned were heretofore, when vetted in the said Cominnv of Merchants trading to Africa, by virtue of

the said Act made in the twenty-third Year of his late Majcttv’s Riign: And the said Company of Mer-

chants trading to Africa shall and may use and exerc.ife all Powers, Privileges, and Au:horirics whatso-

ever, which were granted to them by the said Act, so far as the fame concern any of he Territories,

Forts, Settlements, or other the Premises, lying within the Limits aforesaid, and vetted in them by virtue

of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trade to and

from Africa shall continue free and open to all h.s Majesty’s Subjects; and that it shall be lawful for all

his Majesty’s Subjects, without Preference or Distinttion, to trade and traffick to and from any of the

Ports or Places hereby vetted in the said Company of Merchants trading to Africa, without any Restraint

whatever; and thar the Forts, Warehouses, and Buildings hereby veiled in them, shall continue to be

free and open to all his Majesty’s Subjects, in like Manner, and for the fame Purposes, and subj^d to the

fame Orders and Regulations they heretofore were, under the Authority on the said Act made in the

twenty-third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any of the

Officers or Servants, employed by the Committee of the said Company of Merchants trading to Africa,

upon the Coatt of Africa, to export Negroes from, thence upon their own Account; and that if any of

the said Officers or Servants shall be found to be directly, or indirectly, inttrefted in such Exportation

of Negroes from Africa, he shall be dismissed from the Service of the said Committee.

V. And whereas by the said Act, made in the twenty-third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, it is

4 enacted, That the Commi.tee of the said Company of Merchants trading to Africa, shall give an Ac-

4 count', upon Oath, of all the Money received J>y them, and the Application thereof; bur no Provision

4 is thereby made with respect to the Accounts to be given by their Officers and Servants of the Disposal

4 or Application of the Goads and Stores purebnfed from Time to Time by the said Committee, and by

4 them sent to Africa, to be there used and applied, as by the said Act is directed ;* Be it therefore enacted

determined by the Authority aforesaid, That every Officer or other Person employed by the said Committee, on the

Coatt of Afica, to whom any Part of such Goods and Stores, so purchased and sent out as aforesaid,

shall be consigned and delivered, shall be required to transmit to the said Committee, once at lead in

every Year, an Account of the Disposal and Application of all such Goods and Stores within the pre-

ceding Year, having fiift made Oath to the Truth of such Account before such Person as shall be au-

thorized by his M jetty, his Heirs and Successors, to administer the fame; and that no such Officer, or

other Person as afore said, shall be deemed to be dischargtd, in respe& of any such Goods and Stores con-

fined or delivered to him as aforesaid, in any other Manner than by an Account given upon Oath of the

Disposal

e

