A.D. 17834 • Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 24, 25. 317

the Peace for the E^stern Half Hundred of Brixton, and Borough of Southwark, in the said County of

Surrey, upon Complaint made to them by any one of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the

said Parish, and Proof thereof by any one or more of them, upon Oarh (which Oath the said Justices

are hereby impowered and required to administer) by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit

such Collector or CoJhftors to the Common GaoJ, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he

or they fh 11 have made a true Account, and until such Money, as upon the said Account shall appear

to be remaining in his or their Hands, shall be paid and satisfied by such Collector or Collefto s, or by

his or their Security Or Securities, or shall have compounded for the fame, and have paid such Compo-

fition Money unto the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish appointed as aforesaid; and which Com-

poficion the* said Vestry, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, arc hereby impowered to make.

VIf. And be i: father enacted. That the Charges and Expences in and about procuring and passing Expence* of

this Act, shall be forthwith paid by the Overseers of the Poo^of the said Parish of Saint George the Aiartyr, U»* A«ft hovr

out of any Parish Money now in, or hereafter tp come into their Hands, which shall be allowed in their tobcP»,d*

Account. 1

. VIII And be it further enacted, That ho Nomination, Appointment, Order, Judgement, Conviction, writing to

Warrant, or other Writing whatsoever, relating to the Execution of or in pursuance of this Act, shall bewithout

be rhargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever. St*mpt,

IX. And be ft further enacte d, That ho Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought against any Per- l*™ration of

son or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or of any of the Powers hereby given, or Aftioci. '

anyways in relation to thA Precnifes, unt I twenty-one Days Notice shall have been thereof given in

Wjiting to the Vest-y Clerk of the said Pari'b, nor after Sitisfaftion or Tender of Amends shall have

been mjde; and every such Action or Suit shall h * commenced and brought within the Space of fix Ca-

lendar Months next after the cause of Complaint shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and

^nd not tllewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action

brought in the County of Surrey

or ^uir, shall and m ty plead the General Blue, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence on General Iflfye.

any Trial to be hud thereupon : AnJ if it {hall appear to be done in pursuance of this Act, or that such

Action or Suit (bail be brought before twenty-one Days Notice being given as aforesaid, or after the

Time herein-before limited in that Btha'f, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as

aforesaid, fhen the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonfuired, cr shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the

Defendant or Defendants (hull have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against

the* Plaintiff cr Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs,.and have Treble Cofln

afncf be entitled to the like Remedy fop the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other

Cafes by Law. ... ’

X. Provided always. That in all such Actions or Suits any of the Inhabitants nf the said Parish, whose

Evidence may be nect(fi»ry, fh-di be, and are hereby declared to be competent Wftpeffes, notwithstand-

ing they may be cha^g^d to and pay any of the Rates or Taxes within the said Parish. ,

XL And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts of Justice as a

Publick Act; and all Judges and Justices aje hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without spe-

cially pleading the same#

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for continuing an Act, ma’e in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act forptmi/hing Mu-

tiny and Defer ft on, and for the letter Payment of the Army and their Quarters', so far as the lame relates to

the Realm of Great Britain.

u Preamble. Cap. 17, of the present Sdfion, continued, within Great Britain, until June 25, 1783; and

44 also the Articies of War.”

Inhih’tantf

deemed corn-

pet* nt Wit-

nelFcs,

Publuk Act.

CAP. XXV.

An Act: to enable the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Comrronalty, of the

Company of Conservarors of the Great Level of the Fens, to jell their Taxes of cer-

tain Lands within the Middle and South levels, Part of the said Great Level, which

have been or may be dug for Turf; and to apply the Money anfing from such Sale, to-

wards discharging the Bond Debts of the said Corporation upon Account of those

Levels.

4 \WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made and p*ffd in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Preamble.

4 VV -M? jetty King Charles rhe Second, intituled, A7 Act for settling the Draining of the Great Level of Rp’’al * a"

4 the Fens, called Bedford L<^tJ,Mt was enacted, That JVihi am thi n Earl of Bedford, and the Adventurers Ait 15Car. II,

4 and Participants of Francis then late Kail of Bedford, And of the said Earl William, their Heirs and A'-

4 signs, in such Manner as therein mentioned, (h.'uld he a LCdy Politick and Corporate, in Deed and

4 Name, and hive Succtfiion for ever, by the N>me of, The Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the

4 Company of Cenfervutors of tJ?e Great Level of the Fens; an- for the Continuance of the foid Corporafton

4 in Succession for ever, the said Governor, Bailiff', and Commonalty, were to be choion annually in

4 Manner fhc;<jin mentioned; and rhe bid Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, or any five or more of.

them, whereof the said Governor, Bail ff>, and nftiva’ors, or any of them, were to be two, were

4 thereby empowered to lay Taxes, from l ime to l ime, on ninety five thousand Acres of Land within

Vot.'XIV. Part III. . ‘ J T-t *•* - * • - ’  VjtfrO

