A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 48. 339

<c Navigation was divided; and that a considerable Part of Leeds ami Liverpool Canal is made; after the

44 passing of this Act, the Navigation of the River Douglas, Ajland, to he vsfttd in the Company of

4t Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Navigation, who are indemnfi d front (he Penalties of the Statute

u of Mortmain. Company may purchase the Towing Paths. DiLbled Persons may (ell to the said

lc Company of Proprietors such Lands as shall be wanted for the said Douglas Navigation, &c. Corpora-

44 tions, and other disabled Persons, may fell such Lands as may be separared inu> small Parcels, and the

44 Occupation thereof rendered inconvenient, by the extending the said Navigations. Purchase Monies

44 paid to Corporations and Trustees to be laid out to the fame U(es; and in the mean Time inwfted in

44 the publick Funds. The Douglas Navigation to be held by the Proprietors, according to their Shares

44 in the Leeds and Liverpool Canal. No Proprietor to receive any Dividend, until he in all have p,id his

44 Proportion of the Purchase of the Douglas Navigation, and also all Arrears due upon his Soares in the

44 Leeds and Liverpool Canal. The Douglas Navigation to be always held with the Leeds and Liverpool

44 Navigation. Commissioners appointed (or determining Differences. If Parties are difla'isfi d with

44 Determination of Commissioneis, IAc. they shall issue a Warrant to Sheriff, or Coroner, to impannel

44 a Jury. Jurors may be challenged. Persons requesting a Jury to enter into a Bond to profecate Five

44 Commissioners to be a Quorum. Commissioners to be sworn. Three Commissioners may assess Da-

44 mages under 4or. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions; whose Determination shall

44 behnal. Persons giving false Evidence liable to the Punishments for Perjury. General Assemblies when

44 to be held; and a Committee, confiding of twenty-three Persons, to be appointed, to manage the Affairs

44 of the Company. Proprietors not attending to forfeit 5*. />*rSha*e. An Account of the Monies received

44 and expended to be made out, and lent to every Proprietor. No Proprietor, during such Time as he

44 shall be a Trader upon the Canal, shall vote, either by himtelf or Proxy, or as Proxy for any other

44 Subscriber or Proprietor, in any Question relating to the lessening and advancing the Tolls and Rates,

44 Clause for ascertaining the Tonnage of Srones, and for making and repairing publick Bridges, &c.

44 Proprietors to fix Hawling Chains to ruin Swivel Bridges. Boatmen to (hut the Swivel Bridges itn-

44 mediately after their Wffcls shall have passed. Vessels under twenty Ions not to pass Locks without

44 Consent of the Company. Clerks, and others, to give proper Security. Rates may be leased, or va-

44 ried. Clause restraioing the letting certain Parts of the Douglas Tolls. Tonnage of Coals within

44 twenty Miles of Liverpool to be as low per Mile as upon any other Part of the Canal in Lancashire.

c< Notice to be given of the Intention to lease or alter the 'Foils. Navigation not to be liable to Taxes,

44 other than for the Land used for the Purpose. No Goods to be removed until Wharfage pa:d, under

44 the Penalty of 5/. Clause for reducing the Water fix Inches in certain Parts of the Canal, and to

44 prevent false Caps being put upon the Gates. Persons putting on false Caps to forfeit 5 /. Propietors

44 not to bring Water into the Canal from the Douglas, except at particular Time9. Persons leaving

44 open the Lock Paddles, to forfeit 4or. TarletonlVeir to be reilored, when the Company of Proprietors

44 shall find it necessary, Clause to prevent Water being turned to Alartin AJear, other than up >n certain

4< Occasions and Times. Warrants may be directed to the Conftaoie or Headborough, tifc. where the

44 Offender shall live Clause repealing certain Parts of former Acts. The several Powers in the Leeds

44 Canal Act extended to the River Douglas. Houies not to be pulled down, and certain Lands not to

44 be cut through. Land-owners, &c. not to make Drains into the Canals between Bi iers Mill and Sollom

44 Lock. Proprietors impowered to borrow Money; and to assign the Navigation as a Security. Mort-

44 gages to be entered in Books; and may be tnnsferred. Transfers to be entered. Interest of all Money

44 to be borrowed to be paid half-yearly, before the Company receive any Dividend orlntereff”

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Trent, from a Place called Wilder*

Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to GainsLorough, in the

County of Lincoln; and for impowering Persons navigating Vessels thereon to hale the

fame with Horses.

4 *1117' HER E A S by an Act of Parliament, passed in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of King

4 ▼ V William the T hird, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of

4 Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable; it was (amongst other Things) thereby enacted and declared,

4 That the said Kiver of Trent was, and for ever thereafter should be, f deemed and taken to be navigable

4 from Gainforough, in the County of Lincoln, up to the Place oiled Widen Ferry; and chat all the King’s

4 liege People whatsoever might have, and lawfully and rightfully enjoy, their free Passage, in, along,

4 through, and upon the said River, from the said Place called Wilden Ferry, down to Gainsborough afore-

4 said, and back again, with Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels; and have and enjoy all necef-

4 fary and convenient Liberties, for having and navigating the fame, without any Obdruftion whatsoever:

4 And whereas the Navigation of the Lid River is greatly cbflrucled determined by Shoals and o:her Impediments:

4 And whereas, if a proper and convenient Navigation was made from JVilden Ferry a'orefaid to Gainsbo-

4 rough a fore said, so as always to have a proper Depth of Water in the dried Seasons, the fame would

4 compleat the Communication with the Port of Hull, and greatly tend to the Encouragement and Increase

4 of Trade and Commerce carried on in the Neighbourhood of the said River Trent, and be of publick

4 Utility: And whereas at prefenr, Boats, Barges*, Keels, and other Vessels, navigating upon the said

4 River, are haled by Men only; but, if Power was given to hale them with Horses, the Navigation

4 on the said River would be attended with greater Expedition and Convenience, and be carried

4 on at less Expence: And whereas the several Persons herein-after particularly named, are willing and

4 desirous, at their own pioper Coils and Charges, to make and maintain such Navigation 3 but the fame

cannot

Preamble.

Recital of to Si

11 Gul, III,

cap. to.

.ogle

