a

o

it

&

BC

05,

Id

Ai*

id

fff

*4!

.lty

■*>

c*

acta

is

{fsri* -

g$> i

t

iJ&.'l

nfi;: I

»!f j

if*

\0y{

oo?:

Kfl3

c*

The TITLESof the STATUTES.

tontlnUe^fdr a limited Titfie^so much of an Act, made in the

laJISession of Parliament, i4 jfrr the more easy and better re-

44 crusting his Majestys Land Forces and Marines f as re-

Zc?//x /* the Encouragement of Volunteers

38. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from the River Thames, or ijft, at or near Leachlade, to

Join and communicate with the Stroudwater Canal at

WaUbridge, near the Town of Stroud\ and also a Colla-

teral Cut from the said Canal at or near Siddington, to or

near the Town of Cirence/ler, in the Counties of Gloucester

and Wilts.

39. An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being

required from Ships belonging to the United States of

America j and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time,

certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and

Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty’s Domi-

nions and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

40. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Mi-

litia, and of the Cloathing for the Serjeants and Drum-

mers of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called

England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day

of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

ythree.

41. An Act for impowering Persons navigating Vessels up-

on the RiverTrent, between a Place called Wildcn Ferry,

in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them,

and the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of

Stafford\ to hale the fame with Horses.

42. An Act for better Paving, Cieanfing, and Lighting,

the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, within the Li-

berty of Westminster, and certain Places adjoining there-

to; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and An-

noyances therein.

43. An Ac* for better Paving, Cieanfing, and Lighting the

Parish of Saint Anne, and tuch Part of Cock Lane as lies in

the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Li-

berty of Westminster; and for removing and preventing

Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

*44. An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an

Ad made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Workhouse, and

for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the

Parish of Saint James Clerktnwell, in the County of

Middlesex. % ,

45. An Act for regulating the Proceedings of the Court of

Judiciary, and Circuit Courts', in Scotland.

46. An Act for wideningthe North-weft End of Fenchurch-

freety and the South-end of the Old Jcurry, within the

City of London.

47. An Act for altering and varying the Powers of an Act,

passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the

First>o/^r making the River Douglas alias Afland, navi-

gable, from the River Ribble to Wigan, in the County Pa-

latine of Lancaster; and for enabling the Company of

Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, incorporat-

ed by an Act passed in the tenth Year of his present Ma-

jesty’sReign, to purchase the said River Navigation; for

amending the said last mentioned Act 5 for incorporating

and consolidating the said two Navigations; and for other

Purposes.

48. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River

Treaty from a Place called Wilden Ferry, in the Counties

of Derby and Leice/lery or one of them, to Gain/borough,

in the County of Lincoln; and for impowering Persons

navigating Vessels thereon to hale the fame with Horses.

49. An Act for repealing an Act, made in ihe twenty-

second Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

charging a Stamp-duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Pro -

miffery Notes, or other Motes, payable otherwise than upon

Demand; «nd for granting new Stamp-duties on Bills of

\

Exchange, Promissory and other Notea 5 and also Stamp-

duties on Receipts.

50. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of thb

Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Forces, and the

more regular Payment of the Army; and to repeal an

Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An

Act for* the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster Ge-

neral of his Majestys Forces.

51. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the fifth Year of the

Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act Jor further

Punishment of Vagabonds calling themselves Egyptians.

52. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for

the better Payment of the Army apd their Quarters,

within the Realm of Great Britain.

53. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Supply of the

several Counties therein mentioned, ih that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland, to assess and levy certain Sums

for relieving such of the Inhabitants of the said Counties

t as have been reduced to Indigence by the Failure of the

last Year’s Crop of Corn; and to enable his Majesty,

during the next Recess of Parliament, by and with the

Advice of his Privy Council, to permit the Importation

of Corn into the said Counties for a limited Time, and

in Ships or Vessels belonging to any State in Amity ifrith

his Majesty, navigated by Foreign Seamen.

54. An Act for providing a proper Workhouse within the

Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and

for better regulating the Poor within the said Parish.

55. An Act lor building a New Gaol for the Town and -

County of the Town of King/lon upon Hull; lor pur-

chafing an Additional Burial Ground for the Use of the

Parish of the Holy Trinity, in the said Town; for regu*-

Jating the Affairs of Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, and

Porters, and the Prices of Carriage of Gobds; for alter-

ing the Time of lighting Lamps; for ascertaining the

Breadth of Party Walls, and for preventing certain

Nuisances within the said Town, Liberties, and Pre-

cinds thereof; for amending an Act of the fourteenth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making aid

establishing Publick Quays or Wharfs at Kmgfton upon

Hull, in respect to such as are or may be built oppofiteto

certain Staiihs in the said Act described; and for other

Purposes.

56. An Act to allow the Drawback of the whole Duty of

Customs upon the Exportation of Rice.

57. An Act for the Sale of Prize Goods secured in Wari-

houses in this Kingdom, for which the Duties are not

paid, or the Goods exported, within a limited Time.

$8. An Act for granting to his Majesty fevdal additional

and new Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and

Paper; and also for repealing certain Exemptions from

the Stamp-duties.

59. An Act to provide that the Proceedings on the Bill,

now depending in Parliament, for inftfting certain Pains

and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter

Perring Esquire, for certain Breaches of Publick Trust, and

High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst

they rejpcftively held the Offices of Governor and President,

Counfellors, and Members of the select Committee of the

Settlement effort Saint George, on the Coajl of Cor om an-

del, in the East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any

Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament

60. An Act for further continuing so much of an Act, passed

in the twenty-second Year of the Rtrign of hispreferit

Majesty, intituled, An Act for refraining Sir Thomas

Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Efptire, from going

out of this Kingdom, for a limited Time; and for discovering

their Estates and Effects, and preventing the transporting or

alienating the fame, as relates so redrawing the said Sir

Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire,

c a

from

