29

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III.

C. 24.

without Delay, to such Person or Persons as the said respective Vice-chancellors shall authorise and appoint

to receive the same, out of any of the Duties upon Paper arising by this Act; any Thing in this Act con-

tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the Encouragement of

Learning, so much as shall from Time to Time be paid for the Duties granted by this Act for any Quan-

tities of Paper which shall be used in the printing any Books in the Latiru Greeks Oiiental, or Northern

Languages, within the Universities of Scotland, or any of them, by Permission of the Principal of the fame

respectively, shall and may be drawn back and repaid in Manner following; (that is to say), The chief

Manager of the Prels in the said Universities shall and may, from Time to Time, make Proof by Oath,

in Writing, before the Principal, who is hereby impowerect to administer the fame, expressing therein the

Kinds and Quantities of the Paper so used, and how much the Duty thereof payable by this Act doth

amount to; which Oath in Writing being certified by the said Principal, and produced, the Lord Trea-

surer of Great Britain, or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall forthwith,

from Time to Time, issue his or their Orders or Warrants to the respective Commissioners who by this

Act are to manage the Duties upon Paper, to cause Payment to be made of so much Monies as the Duties

upon the Paper lo used in the printing of the said Books in the said Universities of Scotland shall amount to;

the fame Payments to be made, without any Fee or Charge whatsoever* and without Delay, to such Per-

son or Persons as the said respective Principals shall authorise and appoint to receive the same, out of any

of the Duties upon Paper arising by this Act in Scotland; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary

notwithstanding.

XLII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That Pasteboard made in Great Britain of Paper

which Dial! have paid the Duties charged and chargeable by this Act, shall not be charged with any further

or other Duties, by virtue of this Act, upon the parting or annexing together the Sheets of such Paper,

and its receiving thereby the Denomination of Pasteboard or Parted Paper.

XLIII. And it is hereby enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted,

for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person and Persons shall and may plead

the General issue, and shall give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if afterwards a Verdict

shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff shall discontinue his Action, or be nonsuited,

or Judgment shall be given against him upon Demurrer or otherwise; then such Defendant or Defendants

ihail have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff.

Drawback to be

allowed the Uni-

verfities of Scot-

land for all

Books they /hall

print in Latin,

Greek, &c.

Pasteboard made

of Paper which,

has paid the

Duty, not to be

charged again.

Persons sued in

Execuion of

this Act, may

plead the Geoe*'

ral -Issue,

and recover

Treble Coflu

TABLES mentioned and referred to in this Act

FIRST TABLE.

Denomination.

Writing.

Imperial

Super Royal -

Royal

Medium

Demy

Thick Port

Thin Port

Small Port

Fools Cap

Pott -

Value/^rReam, and upwards. Not exceeding the Dimensions of Duty per Ream.

S. d. Inches Inches d.

2 1 1 0 22 by 30*- 9 0

I IS 0 >9* 2/V 6 9

I 9 0 19* 24 5 0

1 2 6 >7f 2^ 4 0

O 16 0 ISi 2 1 2 9

O «3 0 15 i >9i 2 3

O 10 0 '9? 1 9

O 7 6 .61 1 3

O 9 0 1 .61 1 6

O 6 0 l 'Si 1 0

SEC O N D<

. f

