C. 45*

Anno viccTimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

Any Member

accepting a t'on-

tiact, ur conti-

nuing U* hold

any Contrail af-

ter ihc Com-

meruenient of

the next Session,

h s Scat /hsll be

void.

Not to extend to

iocorpoat'd

trading Compa-

nie».

Not to Mt‘end to

Coutiatts al-

ready made for

erne Y ear.

Clause rela'ive

to Controls

vi’I »ch are net to

expire until a

Year’s No.ice

be given.

Not to extend to

Contracts by

Dclc-.nt, &:c.

in.til after It

Months Foll'ef-

'fion.

Member! bold-

ing Contrails

may be difehar-

grd thercfiom on

giving 12

Monihs Notice.

Cf«nfe relative to

Pa1 enters f ir

f.tw Inventions.

If any Person

hereby diitju.Ii-

6- q shall be

e cted, furh

liection ft.all be

void.

Disabled Personi

vho shall fit in

the Floufe of

Common* after

lb b Srftion, shall

for frit 5001. for

ach Day.

A Condition to

be inferred in all

pub! ck Con-

tracts, tiut no

Member of the

House of Com-

mons shall have

any Share

thereof.

Penalty on Con-

tradois who

shall admit any

Member of 'he

House of Com-

«}oas to any

or any Wares or Merchandize to be used or employed in the Service of the Publick, Avail be incapable of

b:ipo ehded, or of fitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons, during the Time that he

fn dl execute, hold, or enjoy, any (u.:h Contract, Agreement, or Commission, or any Part or Share

thereof, or 3*>y Benefit or Emolument arising fiom the fame.

II. And be i: luuher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, being a Member of the

House of Commons, shall J.redly or indncctly, Ivmldf, or by any other Person whatsoever in Trutt for

him, or for his Life or Bern fit, or on his Account, eiver into, accept of, agree for, undertake, or execute,

in ttie Whole or in Part, any such Contract, Agreement, or Commission, as aforesaid; or if any Person,

being a Member of the House of Commons, and having already entered into any such Contract, Agree-

ment, or Commission, or Part or Share of any such Contract, Agreement, or Commission, by himself,

or by 3ny other Person whatsoever in Trufr for him, or for his Ule or Benefit, or upon his Account, (had,

2fter the Commencement of the next Sdtion of Parliament, continue to hold, execute, or enjoy the fame,

(r any Part thereof, the Scat of every such Person in the House of Commons shall be, and is hereby

declared to be void-

III. Provided 3! ways, 2nd be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to

extend, to any Contract, Agreement, or Commission, made, entered into, cr accepted, by any incorpo-

rated trading Company in its corporate Capacity, nor tej any Company now exiting or established and

confining of more than ten Persons, where such Contract, Agreement, or Commission, shall be made,

entered into, or accepted, for the general Benefit of such Incorporation or Company.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained ihaii extend, or be con-

firmed to extend, to any Contract, Agreement, or Commission, made, entered into, or accepted, before

the passing of this Act, the Term wheieof will expire in the Space of one Year from the l ime of making

thereof.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any Contract, Agreement, or Commission, has been

made, entcied into, or accepted, with a Prcvision that the feme Hull continue until a Year's Notice be

given of the intended Diflblution thereof, the fame shall not disable any Person from fitting and voting in

Parliament until one Year after the said Notice shall be actually given for the Determination of the UiJ

Contract, Agreement, or Commission, or till after twelve Calendar Months, to be computed from the

Time of passing this Act.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained firal! extend, or be construed

to extend, to any Person on whom, after the passing of this.Ad, the Completion of any Contract,

Agreement, or Commission, shall devolve by Descent or Limitation, -or by Marriage, or as Dovifee,

Legatee, Executor, or Administrator, until twelve Calendar Months after he shall have been in Fofiefijon

of the Lme.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That any Person who is now a Member of the House of Com-

mons, ar.d holds and enjoys any such Contract, Agreement, or Commission, as aforesaid, may be dif-

charged from the Execution thereof on giving twelve Months Notice to the Person or Persons with or

from whom such Contract, Agreement, or Commission, is made, entered into, or accepted, of his Desire

that the fame Ihaii cede and determine; and such Contradf, Agreement, or Commission, after the Expi-

ration of the Term aforesaid, shall be null and void.

ViII. Provided also, That if any Petfort ;»duai!y prffi:fil'd of a Patent for a new Invention, or a Pro-

longation thereof by Act of Parliament, and having contracted with Government concerning the Object

of the fai l Patent before the passing of this Act, shall give Notice of his Intention to dillolve the said Con-

trad, the fame shall be null and void from the Time of giving such Notice.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Autho:ity aforesaid, That if any Person hereby disabled, or de-

clared to be incapable to fir or vote in Parliament, shall nevertheless he returned as a Member to serve for

any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, 'Town, Cinque Porr, or Place, in Parliament, such Election

and Return are hereby enacted and declared to be void: And if any Person, disabjtd and declared inca-

pable by this Act to be elected, shall, after the End of this pieLnt Session of Parliament, presume to fit or

vote as a Member of the House of Commons, such Person so fitting or voting fh ill forfeit the Sum of five

hundred Pounds for every Day in which he shall fit or vote in the said House, to any Person or Persons who

shall fuc.for the fame in any of his-Majesty’s Courts at WestminjUr; and the Money so forfeited shall be

recovered determined by the Person or Persons so suing, with full Costs of Suit, in any of the said Courts, by any

Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no Efioin, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of

Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; or by summary Complaint before the Court ot Sef-

fion iit Scotland5 and every Person, agJnft whom any such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recovered by vir-

tueof this Act, shall be from thenceforth incapable of taking or holding any Contract, Agreement, or

Commission, for the Pubiick Service, or any Share thereof, or any Bene.it or Emolument from the same,

in any Manner whatsoever.

X. And be it enacted, That in every such Contract, Agreement, or Commission, to be made, entered

into, or acccpred, as aforesaid, there shall be inserted an express Condition, that no Member of the House

of Commons be admitted to any Share or Part of such Contract, Agreement, or Commission, or to any

Benefit to arise therefrom: And that in case any Person or Persons who hath or have entered into or ac-

cepted, or who shall enter into or accept, any such Contract, Agreement, or Comrmilion, shall admit

any Member or Members of the House of Commons to any Part or Share thereof, or ro receive any Benefit

thereby, all and every such Person and Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five

hundred Pounds; to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of his iVLjefiv’s Courts of Record at

IVeJhntn/lcr, by any Person or Persons who fh ill sue for the same, by any Action of D -bt, Bill, Plaint, or

Information, in which no Efloin, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance,

shall be allowed; or by summary Complaint before the Court of Session in Scotland

Sfcare of their Contra&r.

XI. Provided

1

