THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni G E OR G11 III. vicesimo quarto.

4 AT the Parliament begun and holden at Wes1minflery the thirty-first Day of October, Anno Do-

mini one thousand seven hundred and eighcy, in the twenty-first'Year of the Reign of our

^ Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain^ France, and

4 Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, fcfc.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the eleventh Day of November, one thousand

4 seven hundred and eighty-three; being the fourth Session of the fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain/

CAP. 1.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry*

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

CAP. II.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act: made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act

for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America ;

ana to give to his Majesty for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce

between the Subjects of his Majesty s Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

[Continued to April 20, 1784.]

\C A P. III.

An Act to continue so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, as

allows further Time for the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due to

the Publick, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East

Indies.

,f TT WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting Relief Preimble.

t* the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by allowing furl her Time °!°*IIT?

4 for the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due to the Publicity and by advancing to the said Company Ip' rcclt

4 on the Terms therein mentioned, a certain Sum of Money to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills; and to enable

the said Company to make a Dividend of four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors, at Chrjftmas one thou-

4 fund seven hundred and eighty-three 5 and to regulate the future Payment of Debentures of Drawbacks on East

4 India Goods\ it is, among other Things, enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for the

4 Conrnvissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, topoftpone

and allow further Time for the Payment of the Sum of six hundred forty-four thousand seven hundred

4 forty-three Pounds seventeen Shillings and Two-pence, which became due for Customs at the several

Times in the said Act mentioned; and of the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, which became due

4 on the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; and to allow Time for Pay-

4 ment of such Sums as should become due for Customs before the tenth Day of December, one thousand

4 seven hundred and eighty-three, or any Part or Parts of the said several Sums respectively, unto such

4 Time or Times as they should think fit, not exceeding forty Days next after the Commencement of the

4 then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that such Power should be continued for

4 a further TimeMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and CommiflWr*

may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury for the Time being, or any three °fthe Treasury

nr more of them, to postpone and allow further Time for the Payment of the said Sum of six hundred »,ow the

Vox.. XIV. Part IV. Iii

