4

foreign Prise

Tobicco eiport-

ed before the

pitting of the

xecited Act of

httSettiofy, taajf

be re-in ported

oq Payment of

the lame Dutioa*

Ac. u Tobacco

taken since the

paflinf of that

Act)

provided the

Importer prove

the Identity

thereof*

Preamble.

Recital of

i§ Geo. Ill*

Cap. 76,

No moreVoIan*

teer Companies

to be raised by

virtue of the tld-

Act* until au-

thored by Pro-

clamation, Ac*

Not to aflFeft

Volunteer Can*

parties already

raised.

C. 6—9. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

condemned as Prize ih one of his Majesty’s Courts of Admiralty, or Vice-admiralty, naming the Place

where, and the Time when, such Goods were so condemned, and the Name of the Ship or Vend or Ships

6r Vessels by which they were captured; which Certificate shall also describe the Species of such Goods,

with the Marks and Numbers of the Packages containing the fame 5 and the Mailer, or Per son having

the Charge or Command of such Ship or Veil'd, shall also at the fame Time make Oath, before such Col-

leSor or other proper Officer of the Customs at the Port of Importation (which Oath such Collector and

other proper Officer is and are hereby respectively authorised and impowered to administer), that the

Goods so imported in such Ship or Ve/Tel are the fame Goods which are mentioned in such Certificate,

and no other; and on Failure of any of the Particulars herein required, such Goods shall be subject and

liable to the fame Duties, Restrictions, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as they would be subject

and liable to, if this Act had not been made.

VI. And whereas several Parcels of Tobacco of the Growth or Product of foreign Plantations in

4 America, which have been taken and condemned as Prize in this Kingdom since the present Hostiliries

4*with France and Spain, were exported into foreign Parts before the passing of the herein-before recited

4 Act of the last Session of Parliament, Part of which Tobacco has been returned for want of a Market

4 abroad, and is now remaining on board Ships in this Kingdom, and other Part is still remaining abroad

in foreign Parts, and cannot be fold there: And whereas it is reasonable, for the Encouragement of the

Captors, to permit such Tobacco to be re-imported into this Kingdom, and admitted to an Entry here,

upon Payment of the fame Duties as Tobacco of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America? be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from

and after the passing of this Act, such Tobacco which has been, or may be re-imported into this King-

dom, shall be liable to pay the fame Duties, and shall he subject, in all other Respects, to the fame Se-

curities, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as such Tobacco is and would have been liable to by the

before-recited Act made in the last Session of Parliament, in case the fame had been taken and condemned

since the passing of that Act.

VII. Provided always. That the Person importing or returning such Tobacco into this Kingdom* fcall,

at the Time of entering such Tobacco, prove, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs,

that such Tobacco so returned is the identical Tobacco that was condemned in this Kingdom and cx-

Borted from hence; referring to the Time of such Condemnation, and the Time of Exportation, with

it Name of the Ship and Mailer ia which it was so exported.

G A P. VI.

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Fejjeis, for a limited

T'ime. [Further continued to March 25, 1782.J

CAP. VII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majestjr*

imituled, An Act for augmenting the Militia.

4 \]|7HdER.EAS* by an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in~

4 \V tiluled. An Act for augmenting the Militia % it is enacted, That Volunteer Companies may be

4 raised and added to any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, in the Manner therein directed;. and many

4 such Companies have already been raised and added, in pursuance of the said Act \ but it is not expe-

L dient that any more such Companies should be raised at present ? be it therefore enacted by the King'*

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That no more foctr

Volunteer Companies shall be raised or added to any Regiment or Battalion of Militia for any County or.

Riding, under and by virtue of the said Act, until his Majesty shall be pleased to authorise the fame by

Proclamation or Order in Council y. and that from and after the issuing of such Proclamation, the said

recited Act shall be in full Force and Effect during the present Hostilities; any Thing herein contained to

the contrary notwithstanding*.

- II. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect any (ueb

Volunteer Companies as have been already raised and added to any Regiment or Battalion of Militia by

virtue of the said Act; but that, wkh respect to such last-mentioned Volunteer Companies, the said Act

(bail remain in full Force and Effect.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for ponifliing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarter*

CAP. IK.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty^ Marine Forces while on Shote*

G A P*

