386

On E'refution,

Clerk to icdorfe

Debt and Coits.

In what Cafes

Execution i'hail

be. supers^ded.

.,S*rieant fufter-

ing an Escape, or

-Goods to be re-

movrd, to pay

;pcbt and Colts,

.Ho Attorney or

Solicitor to plead

or have Privi-

lege in the Court,

Penalty uom

Personj acting

» Commission-

ers, if not duly

qualified.

Commissionen

40 be sworn.

£Rie Oath,

Jaole of Feet,

Clerk's Feei,

C. 73. Anno viccfmio tertio G eorg 11 Ilf. A.D. 1783-

thereof as shall then remain unpaid (as the Cafe may happen to be), together with such further Costs 3#

to them shall seem reasonable, to be recovered by the fume Prccefs, and in like Manner as is herein-before

provided for Recovery of the Debt and Costs first decreed ; the .former Order or Decree to the contrary

thereof notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted. That in every Precept to be i/fiied upon any Execution awarded against

the Body or Goods of any Person or Per Tons whomsotver, the Clerk, upon ifl'uing the fame, shall let down

in Wriling, in Words ,at Length, the Sum or Sums of Money and Costs so ordered and decreed to be paid,;

and if the Party or Parties against whom Inch Execution shall be awarded, shall, before any actual Sale of

his, her, or their Goods, or before he, (he, or they is, are, or shall be taken and apprehended, or bcfoie

the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Irrprisonment, pay, or cause to be paid or tendered, to the

.Clerk of the said Court of Rtquests, such Sum or Sums of Money and Costs, together with one Shilling as

a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying over such Debts and Cods to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

•and entering Acknowledgment of Satisfaction in the Book or Register of the said Court for such Debts and

Costs, and alfotheSum of two Shillings for Gaol Fees (in case such Party or Pai ties shall have been com-

.mitred to Prison); then and in such Cafe and Cafes the Execution shall be superfeded, and the Body or

Bodies and *Gnods of such Party or Parties shall thereupon be discharged and set at Liberty.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Serjeant of the said Court of Requests, who shall be em-

ployed to serve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful Connivance or Neglect, cau(e or suffer the Party,

against whom such Execution shall be awarded* to escape or abscond, or the Goods of such Party or Parties

to be carried away or secreted, so as such Execution shall not have its full Force and Effect, it shall

.and may.be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them aft'embled in Court,

upon Complaint and due Proof made upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Wit nets or Witness'es,

.to order such Serjeant to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Execution was awarded to the

Tarty complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by such Ways, Means, and Methods as are herein* N

before provided for the Payment of Debts.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, "That no Attorney at Law or Solicitor of any Court of Equity.shall be

allowed to plead or maintain any Privilege against the Process, Authority, Jurisdiction, or Judgement of the

.Laid Court of Requests, or be admitted to appear in the said Court as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate, ia

Behalf of any Plaintiff* or Defendant in the said Couit of Requests.

XIX. ‘Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Person not being qualified as herein* before

mentioned shall presume to act in the Execution of this Act, the Person so offending shall, for every Offence*

forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of

his Majesty’s Courts of Record *\. JVcJlminster \ and the Person so prosecuted (lull prove that he is qualified

as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty of fifty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on

the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of

this Adh

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commit*

fioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall,have taken an Oath or Affirmation to the following

Effect; that is to say,

* T / S. do swear or affirm :(as -the Cafe may be], That I am now seised of or well intitled to Lands,

* A Tenements, or Hereditaments in Possession, of the yearly Value of thirty Pounds, clear of all Incum-

4 brances; or that I am podefied of a personal Estate of the Value of fix bundled Pounds over and above

4 my Debts, so as to qualify me to act as a Commissioner to put in Execution an Act of Parliament for

4 the more easy and speedy Recovery of j'wall Debts within the Town and Liberties of Shrew fbury, in the County

4 s/*Salop; and that 1 will faithfully, impartially, and hontftly, according to the btft of my Judgement,

4 hear and determine all such Matters and causes as shall be brought b;foie me by virtue of tnc said Adl#

> without Favour or Affection, Prejudice.or Malice, to either Party.

4 So help me God'

Which Oath or Affirmation the Clerk of the said Court of Requests is hereby impowered and required ta

adrr.inifter in open Court; and shall enter or cause to be entered a Memorial thereof in the Register of the

said Court.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Fees herein after limited and expressed shall be, and are here-

by authorized and allowed to be demanded and taken by the Clerk and Serjeant of the said Court of

Requests, and their respective Successors, for their Services in the Execution of this Acts that is to £ay;

To the CLER K:

For entering every Cause, Sixpence :

For ifl'uing every Summons, Sixpence:

For every Subpoena, Sixpence:

For calling every Plaintiff*or Defendant before the Court, Three-pence;

For every Hearing or Trial, Sixpence :

Tor every Order, Judgement, or Decree, Sixpence :

For a Nonsuit, Sixpence :

For every Search in the Books, Three-pence:

Tor paying Money into Court, Sixpence ; if by Installments, Sixpence in the Pound morel

Tor taking Money out of Court, and acknowledging Satisfaction in the Clerk’s Bjoks, Sixpence:

For every Attachment, Sixpence:

Jror every Execution* Sixpence ;

