I

42

No Driwtack to

be allowed on

Exportation.

Duties to be le-

vied, ire. in the

Manner p:e-

fc i bed by for*

« >ner Laws re-

lating to the

CuOoms ; and

to be pair! in*o

th« Exchequer.

A Boole to be

provided by the

Auditor for en-

tering the said

Duties /epjute-

b*

Freambi*

Former Afls fur-

ther continued

until June *4*

^795*

Preamble; re-

citing that cer-

tain Penalties

were imposed Oft

Coal Meters by

Act S3 Geo. II.

C. 33, 34. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

II. And it it hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Part of the said Duties herein-

before granted shall be repaid or drawn back upon the Exportation of the said Verdcg'ease ; and that the

said several Duties herein-before granted shall be raised, levied, recovered, and paid, in such Manner and

Form, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are men-

tioned and expressed in the several Acts now in Force relating to his Majesty’s Customs; and the fame

shall be under the Management and Direction of the respective Commissioners of the Customs, and their

Officers for the Time being, and shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver general of the Customs in

England, and shall be by him paid (the neccfiary Charges of railing, collecting, and ani^erirg the fame*

only excepted) into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, ditfind and apart ftom all other Monies

which such Receiver-general shall receive (or the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, (or the

Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the

Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, m which all the Monies arifine

from the said Duties, and paid into the Receipt, as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart fiom all

Other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever ;

and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, as aforesaid, dull be there reierved

for the Dispofitioa of Parliament.

w CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River 7liames, at the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County

of Oxford, and making commodious Avenues thereto \ for widening Come Part of the High Street arid

the Market Place 5 for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and for removing

Nuisances, Obstructions* and Annoyances from, the said Town.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act: for further continuing and amending the several Acts passed for preventing the

Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Li-

berty of Westtninster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lane after adjoining thereto, and the

several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the

Parish of Saint Andrew, Meibom, as lies in the County of Middlesex.

WHEREAS the Laws for preventing Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement oP

Coals within the City and Liberty of ll'cftmlnfler, and that Part of the Duchy of L ewe after ad-

joining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint Alary le Eon, and such

Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Hollern, as lies in the County of Middlesex, have been found useful

and beneficial, and are near expiringmay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by ih~ Authority of

the fame. That an Act, passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Freuds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement uf

Coals within the City and Liberty of Wcilminller, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining Ajtrete,

and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Par if) cf

Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of MidJltsex ; which Act was continued by several subse-

quent Acts, passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign cf Iks fa»d late Majesty,

was continued by two Acts, passed in the thirty-first and thirty-second Years of the fame Reign, and was

amended by the last of such Acts, and, subject to such Amendments, further continued, by an Act passed

in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, until the twenty-fourth D«y of jure, one thousand

ftven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the End of che then next belli on of Parliament, shall be,

and the fame are hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty fourth Day of

June, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; except such Parts of the fa d Act of the nine-

teenth Year of his. late Majesty King George the Second, as were altered by the said subsequent Act of the

thirty-second Year of the Reign of his said Majesty.

* II. And whereas by the before-mentioned Act, passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his

c late Majesty, a Penalty of ten Pounds was imposed upon the principal Coal Meter*, on neglecting to

4 station labouring Coal Meters at the several Wharfs within the Limits de fieri bed in the before-mentioned

4 Act, passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and also a Penalty of forty

4 Shillings on the labouring Coal Meter or Coal Meters neglecting to attend and perform their Duty at

4 the Time, and in such Manner as by that Act is directed ; and which said Penalties were severally im-

4 posed whilst all the Coals fold within such Limits were compelled to be measured by such Coal Meters:

4 And whereas, by the before-mentioned Statute, passed in the thirty-feconi Year of the Reign of his said

4 late M ijesty, it was directed, that none of the Provisions made by the said Act of the nineteenth Year

4 of the Reign of his said late Majesty, or by that Act, relating to the Payment of aov Sum or Sums of

4 Money for or on Account of"the Admeasurement, or Inspeelion of the Admeasurement, of Coals, or to

4 the Punishment of any Dealer in Coals, or Carter, on account of fending, carrying, or loading Coals

4 from any Wharf or Place within the Limits therein mentioned, should take place and be in Force, ex-

4 cept in such Cafes only where the Buyer of such Coals should have signified, by Notice in Writing to

7 1 008.

