A.D. 1782, Anno vicdlrao secundo Georgii III. C. 9-r-io. 155

44 Stock may devise the fame by Will, Commissioners of the Treafory impowered, to defray the in-

44 cidental Expences attending the Execution of this Act. The 3 per Cent. Annuities granted by this Act,

44 shall be added to the 3 per Cent. Confols. transferable at the Bank. The per Cent. Annuities granted

“ by this Act, shall be added to the fame Fund as the per Cents. granted by the Lottery Acts of ao

46 and 21 Get* III. The Annuities of 17 s, 6 d. per Annum, for 78 Years, to be added to the consolidated

44 Long Annuities of i, a, 4, and 20 Geo. Ill; but to be paid out of the Fund to be establi&ed this Sef-

44 fion. The Bank to continue a Company dll Redemption of the Annuities. 40^,000 /. to be raised by

u a Lottery; the Prizes whereof to be paid out of any Supplies granted this Session. Guardians having

44 the Disposal of Infants Money, may contribute to the Loan, tsfe. Managers and Directors of the Lot-

44 tery to be appointed by the Treasury. Method of the Lottery Books. Ticket. Managers to exa-

44 mine the Books with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt for

44 the fame. Caflbiers to return the Books, with the undisposed Tickets, with an Account of Monies

44 paid in Undisposed Tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets of the middle Columns to

44 be rolled up, and fattened with Thread or Silk; and cut off indentwife into a Box marked with the

44 Letter (A)* Box to be locked up, and sealed. Book? to be prepared with'two Columns, on each of

44 which 40,500 Tickets are to be printed. The Number and Value of the Fortunate Tickets. 500l.

44 to each first-drawn Ticker of the first five Days; i,oooo/. to ditto the icth and 15 th Days; 2,000l. to

44 ditto the 18th Day; 3,000l. to ditto the zift Day; and 2,coo/, to the last-drawn. Tickets of the last-

44 mentioned Books to be rolled up and tied. Public Notice to be given of putting the Tickets into the

14 Boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 18, 1782. Method to be observed in drawing, &c. Num-

44 ber of the Fortunate Tickets, and the Sums to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the Managers.

44 Penalty on forging Tickets, tsfe. Offenders (not in Prison) discovering Persons guilty, to receive a rar-

44 don, and 5?/. Reward. Prowfo. Managers to be sworn. The Oath. Cashier may receive the Sums

44 subscribed before receiving the Lottery Book; giving a Note for the fame; which shall entitle the

44 Bearer to a Ticket for every 10/. so paid. Contributors not making good their Payments within the

44 Times limited, forfeit their Deposits with respect to the Lottery; and the Tickets for such Sums to be

44 delivered into the Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury may reward the Managers, &c as they

44 shall think fit. The 405,000 /. for the Payment of the Fortunate Tickets, to be charged on any Sup-

44 plies granted this Session; and shall be paid to the Proprietors, without any Deduction, on March 1*

44 178.^. Managers to give Notice of the Times for exchanging Tickets for Certificates. Certificates

44 to be numbered, (Ac. and finned, (Ac. No Fee to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution-

44 monies, or for any Receipts, (At. on Penalty of 20/. Persons sued in Execution of this Act, may plead

44 the General Issue, and recover Treble Costs.”

CAP. IX.

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed, by an Act made

in the iaft Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled. An

Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty~one\ and for appointing other Commissioners, together

with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament,

for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

CAP. X.

An Act for the better detaining, and more easy Exchange, of American Prisoner* brought

into Great Britain.

WHEREAS, since the Commencement of the present War, Exchanges of Prisoners taken in Preemkle*

4 W America, or conveyed to America, have been there regularly made, with Advantage to his Ma-

4 jetty’s Service: And whereas it may be likewise convenient for the Paid Service, that American Prisoners

$ brought into Great Britain should be detained, and exchanged, in the fame Mannermay it therefore

- plcate your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enifted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the patting of this Act, it HU Majesty m

may and shall be lawful for his Majesty, during the Continuance of the present Hostilities, to hold and de- thoriw to de*

tain in such Prisons or Places within Great Britain, as to his Wisdom shall teem fit, as Prisoners of War, aH

Natives or other Inhabitants of the Thirteen revolted Colonies not at his Majesty’s Peace, who have been, habitant* of the

or shall be, taken^y Sea or Land, and brought into Great Britain t And it shall be lawful for his Majesty revolted Coio-

todischarge any Person or Persons so taken and detained as Prisoner or Prisoners of War, either absolutely, nie*, taken an*

or upon such Conditions, and with such Limitations, or for such a Time, as his Majesty shall deem proper; brought into

as also to authorise any Commissiooer or, Commissioners to discharge or exchange all and every Person or

Persons as aforesaid, according to the Custom and Usage of War, and the Law of Nations; Regard being d?sch!rge or

bad in the said Exchanges relative to Officers in his Majesty's Service, whether the said Officers have «*change such

been made Prisoners in America or elsewhere, to the Rank of the said Prisoners, and the Length of Time Prisoner*,

fiQce they have bear taken: And the Detention, Enlargement, or Exchange aforesaid, shall be good and

valid, any Warrant of Commitment, or Cause therein expressed, or any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the

contrary notwithstanding. ' '

' b^SfeOgl

