A;D. 1781, Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. 0,19. 17

* this Inconvenience, have been found infufKcient :* For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and.Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and colonel*, Ac. of

immediately after the passing of this Act, the Colonels and Commandants of the several Regiments and Militia, in whose

Corps of Militia, in which Regiments or Corps the Time of Service of any private Militia Men will ex- Regimenta the

pire between the first Day of April and the first Day of December next ensuing, shall, and they are hereby Time of Scrwiu

respectively required forthwith to apply, in the Manner directed by the said Act of the eighteenth Year of P.r‘V4tc.

his present Majesty, to every such private Man, and to inquire if he is willing to continue his Service for a between April'1!

further Term of three Years, and for what Sum or Price he shall be so willing to continue it, if re- aftdDec. »,

qutred. t are to inquire of

every such Man if he is willing to continue his Service for a further Term of three Yeart«

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Colonel and Commandant of

every such Regiment and Corps of Militia, {hall, and he is hereby required, forthwith to return a List as

well of such private Militia Men as are willing to continue so to serve, as of all others whose Times of

Service will expire between the first Day of April and the first Day of December next ensuing, to the Clerk

of the General Meeting of the County or Riding to which such Regiment or Corps shall respectively be-

long, in like Manner as is directed by the said recited Acts, or either of them; and all Clerks of General

Meetings, Clerks of Subdivision Meetings, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, and all other Per-

fons concerned, are hereby respectively authorised and required, upon the Receipt of such Lifts, forthwith

to proceed to ballot for proper Men to serve in the Militia, in the Place of those whose Times will expire

as aforesaid, and for that Purpose to execute all the Powers and Directions given by the said recited Acts,

or any other Act or Acts of Parliament respecting the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, as if all the Clauses,

Provilum*, Powers, Matters, and Things, contained in any of the said Acts relating to the Premises,

were repeated and re-enacted in the‘Body of this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any Militia Men

shall be ballotted for and sworn in, in the Manner herein-before directed, the Clerks of the Subdivision

Meetings respectively shall forthwith give Notice thereof, and transmit a List of the Names and Places of

Abode of such Militia Men to the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment or Corps of Militia to which

they shall belong; and every Colonel or Commandant of such Regiment or Corps of Militia is and are

hereby authorised from Time to Time to discharge of those Men whole Times will soonest expire, a Num-

,ber equal to those who are ballotted for and sworn in, and in Readiness to join his Regiment or Corps, so

as to keep his Regiment or Corps as complete as may be during the Period before mentioned.

CAP. XIX.

Colonels, &e. u

return Lift* of

such Men who

are willing to

continue, Sec. to

the Clerks of the

Gtneral Meet-

ings j which

Clerks, Deputy

Lieutenants, Scc.

are forthwith to

proceed to ballot

for proper Men

to serve in Read

of those whose

Times will ex-

pire as aforesaid.

Cl'rk* of Subdi-

vision Meelingt

to fend Lifts of

the Names, &c.

of Militia Men

sworn in to the

Commandant of

the Corps to

which they be-

long, Ac,

'An Act to permit the Importation of Flax and Flax Seed into this Kingdom or Ireland^ in

any Ship or Vefiel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, navi-

gated with foreign Mariners, during the present Hostilities.

4 T17 HEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign nf King Charles Preamble.

4 VV the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, it is Recital of the

* amongst other Things enacted. That no Sort of Flax shall be imported into England, IrelandWales, or Navigation A&

4 Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels whatsoever, but in such as do 12 Cir*

€ truly, and without Fraud, belong to the People thereof, or some of them, as the true Owners and Pro-

4 prietors thereof, and whereof the Matter and Three-fourths of the Mariners at lead are English, except

4 only such foreign Ships or Vessels as are of the Built of that Country or Place of which the said Goods

4 are the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, respectively •, or of such Port where the said Goods can

4 only be, or most ^usually are, first shipped for Transportation, and whereof the Matter, and Three-

4 fourths of the Mariners at lead, are of the said County or Place, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of

4 Ship and Goods : And whereas it is expedient, during the present Hostilities, to permit the Importation

4 of Flax and Flax Seed into this Kingdom and Ireland, in foreign neutral Ships or Vessels, although such

4 Ships or Vessels are not of the Built of the Country or Place of which such Flax or Flax Seed is the

4 Growth, Production, or Manufacture, or of the Part where such Flax or Flax Seed can only be, or

4 most usually hath been, first shipped for Transportation •/ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and From April

- after the twentieth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and during the present i7*»*durins^e

Hostilities, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into this Kingdom of Great

Britain, or Ireland, any Sort of Flax or Flax Seed, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or ^ maybeim-

State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Succefl'ors, navigated by foreign Seamen, from any Port or

ported into Great

Place whatsoever, upon the fame Terms and Conditions, and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Britain or ire-

and Reftiiftions, in all Respects, as such Flax and Flax Seed would, by any Law in Force, have been , and in VeffeIs

subject and liable to if the fame had been imported in foreign Ships or Vessels of the Built of the Country stite

or Place of which such Flax or Flax Seed was the Growth, Production, or Manufacture ; any Thing in w*,th h?s Mi-

llie before-recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding. jelly, &c.

Vou XIV. Part L D

CAP.

