The TIT L £ S' of the STATUTE S.

cnlargfrp’the ‘Powers, of ati Act of Hie thirtieth Year

of his fate Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending^

widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and

near to the Town fl/'Tcnbury, in the Counties of Salop,

Worcester, and Hereford ; and for amending and keep-

ing in Repair the Roads leading from The Knowle Gate

to the Turnpike Road on the C!ee Hilly leading from

Ludlozv to CUobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the

Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury, in

the said Counties

104. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and

Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, fr

repairing and widening the Roads from Hale worthy, in the

Parish of Davidstow, in the County of Cornwall, to the

East End of Wadebridge, in the said County ; and from

the ITeJl End Wadebridge aforejaidy into and through

the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County.

jc;. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in

Repair, the Road from Wrexham, in the County of

Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the County of Chester.

106. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Tarporley, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Act on

Bridge, near Weverham, in the same County,

107. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so

much of an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing

and widening the High Read leading from Ashborne, in

the County of Derby, to the Town of Leek, in the County

of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate, upon Rufhton

Common, to Congleton, in the County of Chester; and

afo the Read leading fro?n Bjvth Marsh, in the County of

Siaffoid, through Cheadle, Oakamoor, and Blore, to the

Turnpike Roady from Ashborne to Buxton, near Thorp,

in the County of Derby ; as relates to the Didrift of

Road between Afdome and Congleton ; and for repairing

the Road from the End of Ashborne Church-yard to the

Top ? The Dig Street, in Ashborne aforesaid.

io?# An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of King

George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the To-wn

of Brecon to the Parish of Biobury, and to Whitney

Pafl'age, in the County of Hereford ; and for building a

Bridge over the River Wye at Brcdwardine Pafl’age, in

the same County; so far as relates to such of the Roads

comprized in the said Act as lie in the County of

Hertford.

IC9. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the second Year of his present Majesty, for re-

pairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at

Wey Hill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike

Read at Lyde Way, in the County of Wilts.

He. An Act to continue the Term and alter the Powers

cf an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign

of hi> late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from

a Pond belonging to Henry Eyie Esquire, in the Parish of

White Parish, in the County rf Wilts, to the Top of Dun-

wood Hill; and from thence, over Gieat Bndge and

Micicle Bridge, through Rnmtey-infra, Hundred Bridge,

in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the

County of the Town of Southampton.

in. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Act, made in the fix It Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening

the Read from the Boroughjf Appleby, in the County of

Westmorland, through the Township of Or ton, to Kirby

Kendall, and from Orton to the Turnpike Road near

Shapp, and ft cm Highgate, W£7?r Tebay, in a Part of

'theHighway betuven Appleby and Kirby Kurd J, through

Ahe Town of "Kiihy Steven, to the Town cf ‘Market

Brough, in the said County.

112. An Act for repairing and widening Hie Roads from a

Place called The Hardwickc, in the Parish of Clifford\ to

Windn. ill Hill, and from Tew church to Pont r Has y in the

County of Hereford.

ii;. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

the Town of Brecon, through the Town of Ilay, in the

County of Brecon ; and also the Road through Alarish

LanCy to the Bullth and Hay Turnpike Road, near the

Village of Llyjwefiy in the same County.

114. An Act to repeal so muc h of an Act, paftld in the

second Year of the: Reign of his prefert M, jelly, for re-

pair it g and widening the Road from Fi.m well Vent, in

the County of SnIlex through Highgate in the County of

Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhu.ft, Nt wen dm, and

Northiam, to R\e, in the said County of Sussex ; and

from Highgae afji efaldy to Cooper's Corner, in the said

County of hujll'X, and to Fubb’s Lake, in the said County

cf Kent; as relates to the Road from Highgate to Tubb's

Lake-y and for enlarging the Term and Powers of the

said Act with respect to the o.her Roads therein con-

tained.

119. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several

Acts passed in the eleventh, twenty-sixth, and twenty-

ninth Years of the Reign of his Majesty King Gevge

the Second, for repairing the Reads from Shoreditch

Church, through Hackney, to Stanford H>IL and crcfs

Cambridge Heath, ever Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike

at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex.

116. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts,

passed in the second and eleventh YVirs of his present

Majesty's Rsign, so far as the fame relate to the Road

from Bl\th Alarjh to the Road leading from Ashborne to

Buxton, near ft hot P) and from the Road between Cheadle

and Leek ro the Turnpike Road above Frogall Bridge)

and fiom the fame Road to the Road at or near Ruehiil

GatCy in the Counties uf Stafford and Derby.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Ar.no 22 Georg ii III.

1. Act for naturalizing Hairy Meier and Herman

jLX. Died crick Ret berg.

2. An Act for allotting Part of Minfltrworth I!am, in the

Paiifh of Alirjlerwoi thy in the County of Gloucester, to

Charles Barrow Efcpjire, his Fieirs and Assigns, in lieu

of his Common Rights thereupon j and for allowing

Exchanges within the said Parish.

3. An Act for naturalizing John Claudius Billet.

4. An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick SchmoH.

5. An Act for naturalizing Fredrick ftjJ.iffeli

6. An Act for dividing and inch sing a certain Part of the

For eft of A iat dip* and a Piece of Wade Land called

Wind fir's Hilly fit u are within the Parish of 5 hep ton

Mallet) in the County of Scwerfct.

7. An Act for vesting divers Manor*, Lands, and Heredi-

taments, in the County of Hertford, late the Lftatc of

John Lord Afton/on, deceased, in Tiuilees, to be sold, and

difpnfed of in and for the Payment of his Debts and

certain of the Legacies and Portions given by his Will

and Codicil, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

8. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving Hie fe-

veral Commons and AVftte Grounds within the Manor

of Ilcnley) in the parish of Aimov.-lbury% in the County of

Tort, and for abolishing or settling certain other Right*

or Claims within the said Manor.

9. An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution,

certain Agreements entered into by soon Pitt L (juire,

Surveyor General uf his Majesty s \V00ds and Portlis,'

with

