A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III.

C. 70*

373

said twenty-ninth Day of September, provide, or cause to be provided. Moulds or Frames for the making

of Paper to be used for Hermits, which Paper {hall have the Words Excise Office visible in the Substance of

Yuch Paper; and shall a] so provide, or cause to be provided, one or more Plate or Plates, engraved vvrli cer-

tain IVkrks, Stamps, and Devices, in Manner as to them shall feetn meet (which Marks, Stamps, and

Devices, omihe said Plates, or any of them, may from Time toTimebc varied or altered in luvh Manner,

and as often as the said Commissioner^ for the Time being respectively jha!I think necessary), for the pr im-

ing, flamping, and marking the said Paper; and all Permits from thenceforth to be given or grained, by

the respective Officers for the several Duties of Excise and Inland Duties, for the Removal oi any exciseable

Commodity, shall he printed, stamped, and marked by the said Plate or Plates on Paper so uuie, with the

Words Excise Office visible in the Substance thereof; which said Paper shall be made, and the said Prate or

Plates shall be engraven, by such Person and Persons respectively as are now, or hereafter {hall be, appoint-

ed by the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, from Time to Time, under their 1 e-

spective Hands and Seals, for those Purposes; and as w^ll the said Paper so made, as also the said Plate or

Plates so engraved as aforesaid, shall be kept by such Officer or Officeis as shall from Time to Time be ap-

pointed by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively, for keeping the fame: And

the Officer or Officers ro be appointed for printing Permits, shall not print, stamp, or mark any Paper

whereon any P<*rniit or Permits {hall be given or granted for the Removal of any exciseable Commodity,

but on the Paper so provided as aforesaid, and having the Words Excise Office visible in the Substance of such

Paper.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, fromand after the said twenty-ninth

Day of September, if any Person or Persons whatsoever (not being authorised by the respective Commissioneis

of Excise in England and Scotland so to do) shall make, or cause or procure to be made, or shall knowingly

aid or assist in the making, or without being authorised or appointed r.s aforesaid, shall knowingly have in

his, her, ortheir Custody or Possession, without lawful Excuse, (the Proof whereof shall be on »re Pe fi>n

accused), any frame. Mould, or Inflrurr.ent, for the making of Paper with the Words Excise Office Viff.de

in the Substance of such Paper; or shall make, or cause or procure to be made, or knowingly aid or uftift:

in the making, any Paper, in the Substance of which the Words Excise Office shall be vifiuic; or if any

Person (except as before excepted) shall, by any Art, Mystery, or Contrivance, cause or procure the kbd

Words Excise Office to appear visible in the Substance of any Paper whatever; or if any Person or Pcifms

whatever (not being appointed as aforesaid) shall engrave, cast, cut, or make, or (hull cause or procure to

beengraven, cast, cur, or made, any Plare or Plates, or other Thing, with any Mark, Stamp, or Device

thereon, in Imitation of,* or to resemble any Mark, Stamp, or Device, made and used by the Direction of

the said Commissioners of E^cifr, or the major Part of them respectively, in Manner as aforesaid, so; the

Purpose of printing, flamping, and marking of the Paper to be used for a Permit or Permits, to accompany

5iny exciseable Commodity or Commodities removing or removed from one Part of thi> Kingdom to any

other Part thereof, iri pursuance of the Directions of the several Statutes requiring such Permit; every Per-

son so offending, in any of the Cnres aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for such Of-

fence, be deemed and adjudged a Felon, and {hall suffer Death, as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of

Clergy.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day

of September, if any Person or Persons whatever shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or

forged, any Permit for the Removal of any exciseable Commodity from one Part of this K ngeiom to any

Other Part thereof, for the Removal of which a Permit or Certificate is by any Act or Acts of Park jment now

in force required; or it any Person or Pei ions shall knowingly or willingly give any falfeor untrue Permit,

or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any falie or untrue Permit with any such exciseable Com-

modity to be removed or removed as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently alter orerafe

any Permit, after the fame (hull have been given or granted by the proper Officer of Excise; or if any Person

or Persons shall knowingly or willuigly pnbiifh or mike use of any inch Permit so counterfeited, forged,

false, untrue, altered, r rrai^d; every Pei Ion so offending shall (in lieu of any former Penalty), for each

and every such Often.ce, forfeit and lofc the bum of five bundled Pounds; which Forfeiture shall and may

be prosecuted in any of his Majt fly’s Courts of Record at tVeJlminjUry or in the Court of Exchequer in

Scotland.

XI. And be it ft»: ther crmfled by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth

Day of September, if any ( Officer of Excise or other inland Duties, shall deliver out, or suffer to be delivered

out, any Paper having the WExcise Office vitible in the Substance thereof, either before or after the

Stamp or Maik, so to be provided as aforesaid, {bill be primed tnercon, or before the fame shall be filled up,

agreeable to the Request Note brought from any Trader, for the Purpose of having a Permit for the Re-

moval of fame xcueaHe Commodity; or if any such Officer (lull knowingly give or grant any false or un-

true Permit, or shall make any false or untrue lEntry in the Counterpart or Counterparts of any Permit or

Permits, by him g.ven or granted for the Removal of any exciseable Commodity from the Stock of any

Dealer therein; or shall knowingly and willingly receive or take any exciseable Commodity whatsoever in-

to the Stock of any such Dealer, brought in with any false, forged, or untrue Permit, or {ball knowingly

permit or suffer the fame robe done, dreftly orindireftly, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the T .

:several Statutes in such Cafe made and provided, every such Officer so offending, being thereof lawfully 1 ,

convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported, in like Manner as other Felons are

directed to be tia*,{'ported, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, for any Time not exceeding feve*

. yea's.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Action, Bill, Plaint, or Upcnevery

Informatiun, entered or filed in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVtJimsnffir, or Court of Ex- a a- enters

Vol. XIV* Part III. Ccc chequer huyqwtii

1C

Kj IV.ttu:.

t’> - gun»ei uii

aotae* fifer.

All Perf. ns

C all m»ke j if

Mcul t, 6cc.

rr: j Jc t i l u: Q

4i ifai&j

« ' '

or afiiff in m»1r-

inij inch Paper,

See.

unleis appointed

by the Co mm if,

(touch ot fcacilr.

ffnH sufferD«tA

as Felon*.

Perf cour.’cr,

foiling Pv»mi(s,

or pjiing or

rrt cl "g my

so*.": Pc unit,

or Ar.eun- any,

g,r: ted b- the

pro;.fi Oilicrr,

’ Aallioileujcol,

Penalty on Er-

nie Officers de-

livering out

l^per for. Per-

ir.iisimproj cry,

or granting folfe

PeraJ^s, &c«

