A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Gbough UI. C. 12, 13. 291

tlining five hundred Weight net of Cwnmts, hut not otherwise; any Thing herein before contained

to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Reettalof 18

Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty JevtraJ additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar Geo. III. cap.

4 imported into this Kingdom, it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That no Wines of the Growrh or

4 Produce of any Part of the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Spain or Portugal* and that no French

4 Wines fibouW be imported or brought into Great Britain in any (mailer Vefltl or Cask than what is

4 commonly called an Hogshead, in which such Wines have been usually imported, upon Forfeiture of

4 all such Wines as should be imported contrary to the said Act, together with the Calks, and other

4 Package containing the fame (except as therein-after was provided): And whereas by the said Act it

4 was provided, that any French Wines may be imported in Bottles, or that any Wines may be imported

’ 4 in fmaHer Calks than is therein-before limited, without Fraud or Concealment, for private Use, and not

4 by way of Merchandize, any Thing in the said Act, or any other Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary

4 notwithstanding: And whereas the said Proviso has induced rhe Mailers of Vessels and other Persons to

4 import great Quantities of Portugal and Spanish Wines in small C<*(ks, and, under the Pretence that such

4 Wines are imported for private Use, great Quantities are clandestinely run on Shore without Payment

4 of any Duty, to the Prejudice of the kevenue, and Detriment of the fair TraderFor Remedy where-

of, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fiith Day of March, From Marrbit

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the said Proviso in the said Act, made in the eighteenth Year 17&3,* Proviso

of his Majesty’s Reign, herein-before recited, by which it is provided, that any French \V ines may be in the aid Act

imported in Bottles, or that any Wines mav be imported in fmailer Calks than is by the said Act before Itpeiled*'

limited, for private U'e, and not by way of Merchandize, so far as the fame relates to Portugal or Spanish

Wines, or any other Wines, except French Wines, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made Exception,

void.

VI. And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti- Redtil ofai

4 tuled. An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain* and for granting certain Geo, III, cap*

4 Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more ejfeftualfecuring the Revenue of ExciJ'e, 55-

and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Cortmnjf oners of Exctfe, and for preventing Frauds

therein; for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional

4 Duties imposed on Malt \ and for ref. ifying a Mi/lake, in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament v

vith respect to the exempting oj Candles from the additional Duty of Five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties,

4 of Excifit imposed by the said Act; an inland Duty of Eighteen Pence was imposed upon every Pound

4 Weight Avoirdupois, and fn that Proportion for a g eater or letter Quantity, of Cocoa Nuts then im-*

Sported or thereafter <0 be imported into this Kingdom-, and by th: said A ft only Four Fifths of the said

4 Duty are to be repaklon the Exportation of the said Cocoa Nuts, which in Experience hath been found to

4‘ be a D ifeou rage men t to the Exportation of the fame For Rcmcdv thereof, be it enacted by the Autho-

rity ufortf^id, That, from and after the twenty fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and From March

tighty-three, all such Cocoa Nuts as shall then have been, or shall hereafter be, legally imported into this ortedto

Kingdom, and which shall be afterwards exported to any foreign Parts as Merchandize, and which shall beU*u”Pcd the

have been duly enteicd, and for which the several Imports due on the Importation thereof shall have been full Dumc* pay-

id or secured ro be pa.d, and which dull have been lodged or (ecured in such Warehouse or Ware- abieo*import*-

uses as by the above recited Act, or by any other therein referred unto, is directed and required, shall tioa-thereof,

and may, from and after tly* said twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three,

upon due Entry thereof being made by the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Cocoa Nuts, or by such

Person or Persons whom they shall appoint for that Purpose, be delivered out of any such Warehouse for the

respective Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or such Person or Persons as 0)all be appointed by him, her,

or them, and who shall before such Delivery have duly entered the fame for Exportation* without Payment

being made of the said inland Duty imposed by the said Act on the Odd Cocoa Nuts; any Thing in

the said Act to the contrary thereof in any^wife notwithstanding; such Proprietor or Proprietors, of other Efp0(ffr 10

Person or Persons exporting the said Cocoa Nuts, having first given such and the like Bond*, for the due and g)Ve such Bonds,

fair Exportation thereof, and so produce such Certificates, and to make such Proofs, as are required See. »are re-

to be given, entered into, produced and made, by the before recited Act of rhe twenty-first Year of his 8uircd br‘be last

Majesty’s Reign, on the Exportation of Cocoa Nuts, jn pursuance of the D.iieftions of that Act. recacd

CAP. XII.

At) Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the.Service.of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three. £1,000,000%

CAP. XfIL

An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds within the

Level of Hatfield Chatty and Parts adjacent, in the Counties, of Fork, Lincolny and Notd

tingbam.

1 X)[/HEREAS certain Lands and Grounds fituafe within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts pmnbie,1

adjacent, in the Counties of Fork, Lincoln, and Nottingham, having heretofore been subject to be

4 overflowed, several Powers and Provisions have, from Time to Time, been granted and made, for the 1

4 draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds* under the Conttoul, Management, and Directwn

1 ‘of

