A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III, G. 38, 49

XV. And be it further enadbed by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting Commirtionert

as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath, or made an Affirma- tobefworn.

tion (being of the People called Quakers), to the Effect following \ that is to say,

‘ T i B. do swear, or affirm. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of The Oath.

* my Judgment, hear and determine such Matters and Things as shall be brought before me by virtue

c of an Act of Parliament for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the 7own and Liberties

4 of Beverley, in the County of York, and the several Parishes of the fameToivny without Favour, Affec-

4 tion, or Prejudice to either Party.

c So help me GOD.’

Which Oath, or Affirmation, the Cleik of the said Court, or any one of the Commissioners who shall

have taken such Oath, is hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court, and a Memorial

thereof shall be entered in the Registers of the said Court by the said Clerk.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Ejkricke Hancock of Beverley aforesaid,

Gentleman, shall be, and is hereby constituted and appointed Clerk of the said Court of Requeih, during

his good Behaviour in the said Office, and shall have Power and Authority from Time to Time to appoint

a Deputy ; which said Clerk, or his Deputy, is hereby impowered and required to issue out all Sum-

monfes. Warrants, 2nd Precepts, and to register all Orders, Decrees, and Judgments of the said Court;

and shall enter and register, or cause to be entered and registered, in proper Books to be provided by him,

and kept for that Purpose, all the Adds and Proceedings of the said Court.

XVII. And be rt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Thomas Duncum of Beverlcv shall be,

and is hereby constituted and appointed Serjeant of the said Court of Requests, during his good Behaviour,

for the feiving of Summonses, and executing such Orders, Warrants, and Precepts, and doing and per-

forming such other Acts, Matters, and Things, as are herein appointed to be done by him.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall happen that the

Place or Places of Clerk and Serjeant shall become vacant, the Mayor of the said Town for the Time

being shall, and is hereby required, within ten Days after such Vacancy shall happen, to cause all the said

Commissioners for the Time being to be summoned to meet at the Town or Guild Hall of the said Town,

at a certain Time by him to be appointed, so as the fame shall not be less than four Days, nor more than

fourteen Days, after such Vacancy shall happen, and the Mayor for the Time being have Knowledge

thereof; and the Commissioners affimbled pursuant to such Summons, or the major Part of them so af-

fembleJ, shall nominate and appoint another fit and able Person or Persons to be Clerk and Serjeantof the

laid Court, during his or their good Behaviour.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Fees herein-after limited

and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the said Clerk and Serjeant for their several and respective

Services in the Execution of this Add; that is to say.

Appointment of

the Ciexk

and of the Ser-

jeant.

For appointing

future Clerks,

and Serjeants,

Whit Fees to be

taken.

For issuing every Summons, to the Clerk, Six-pence:

For Service of every Summons, and attending the Court with Return, to the Serjeant, Three-pence:

For entering the Cause, to the Clerk, Six-pence.:

For every Hearing, to the Clerk, Three-pence:

For every Order, to the Clerk, Three-pence :

For entering every Order and Making, to the Clerk, Three-pence:

For Service of every Order against a Party not in Court, and attending with Return, to the Serjeant,

Six-pence:

For a Nonsuit on the Plaintiff’s not appearing, to the Clerk, Two-pence :

For an Attachment against the Defendant for not appearing, to the Clerk, Six-pence;

To the SerjeUnt, for Service thereof, one Shilling:

For acknowledging Satisfaction thereof, to the Clerk, Three-pence :

For an Execution, to the Clerk, one Shilling :

To the Serjeant, for Service thereof, one Shilling:

For a Subpoena, to the Clerk, Six-pence:

To the Serjeant, for Service thereof, Two-pence :

For paying Money into Court, to the Clerk, Six pence :

For every Search of the Books, to the Clerk, Three-pence:

A Table of which Fees shall, from Time to Time, be hung up, by the Clerk of the said Court, in some

conspicuous Part of the said Court or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, so that all Persons

who shall attend the said Court may fee and read the fame.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Costs to be given, awarded, or allowed, by the said Commis-

sioners, in any Cafe whatsoever, shall exceed the Sum of seven Shillings and Ten-pence; nor shall there

be awarded or allowed any other or greater Fees when the Cause is against several Defendants, than if

such Cause had been against one Defendant only (Fees for Copies and Service of any Process, Rule, or

Order, only excepted).

XXI. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Clerk of the said Court for

the Time being, or his Deputy, or Serjeant of the said Court for the Time being, or any of them, shall

knowingly take or demand any greater or other Fee or Fees than as herein mentioned, upon Complaint

and due Proof thereof, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, made in

open Court, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, being a Majority of the said Court,

CoAt to be

awarded, not to

exceed a limited

Sura*

Penalty on tak-

ing greater Fern*

Vol. XIV. Part L

H

Jhal),

ogle

