A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii Ilf.

C. 6a. 361

out a prop?*

Cover,

n ore than cace0

&C»

Any Person who

fliaIJ buy or fell

any Cover* to be

used for inclosing

Medicines more

than once, /hail

forfeit jol.

Either Bayer Of

Seller may in-

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall utter, vend, fell, or expose to Sale* Penalty 00 fcH*

any Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, or any other Inclosure of Medicine, subject to the Stains duties here- rich

by imposed, unless the Cover, W rapper, or Label hereby directed to inclose, or to be affixed to the fame, ^uaVnes whfc-

shall be marked, sealed, and (lumped, as by this Abt is directed, or shall be inclosed in any Cover or

Wrapper, or shall have any Label affixed thereto, marked or stamped with a Stamp or Mark of less Deno-

mination or Value than determined by this Act is directed, all and every such Person and Persons so offending shall for-

feit and pay, for every Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, or other Inclosure of such Medicine (buttered,

fold, or exposed to Sale, the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is

directed.

VIII. And, to prevent the Seal, Mark, or Stamp, hereby directed to be used, which has inclosed any Penalty on

4 Medicine, from being made use of again for inclosing other Medicines, the Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, making ufc of

or other Inclosure whereof is hereby directed to be stamped / be it enacted, That if any Person or Per- flafnP^ CovefS

fons shall fraudulently cut, tear, or take off, any Mark, Seal, or Stamp, in respect whereof, or whereby

any Duties are hereby payable on any Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, or other Inclosure of any Medicine$

or shall fraudulently inclose any Box, Packet, Bottle or Phial of Medicine, in any Paper so sealed and

damped as aforesaid, the fame having been once made use of for the Purpose aforesaid; or if any Person or

Persons shall hereafter fell, utter, or expose to Sale, any Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, or other In-

ciofure of Medicine liable to any of the Duties hereby charged, the fame not being at the Time of such

felling, uttering, or exposing to Sale, inclosed in some Cover, Wrapper, or Label, ablually stamped as by

this Act is direSed; then so often, and in every such Cafe, all and every Person and Persons so offending

in any of the Particulars before-mentioned, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied

as herein-after is directed.

4IX. A.nd, to prevent Persons so licenced as aforesaid from felling and buying any Covers, Wrappers,

and Labels, which have before been made use of for denoting any of the Duties by this Act imposed, and

4 for preventing such Frauds/ be it enacted, That if any Person shall, from and after the passing of this

Ad, fell or buy any such Cover, Wrapper, or Label, in order to be again made use of for the inclosing of

any Box, Packet, Bottle, or Phial, or other Inclosure of Medicine, liable to the Duty hereby imposed,

every such Person so offending (hJl, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered

and applied as herein-after is directed.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if either the Buyer or Seller of any such Cover, Wrapper,

or Label, shall inform against the other Party concerned in buying or selling such Cover, YVrapper, or

Lsbel, the Party so offending shall be admitted to give Evidence against the Party informed against, and be*1*

shall be indemnified from the Penalties by him or her incurred. Mrnfcif indem-

nified.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counter- Peri'ons counter-

feited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, or shall counter- Stamps or

feit or resemble the Impression of the fame, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, D«th aiFclooi!

of any of the said Duties; or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, direckd or

allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the

said Duties; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, dial 1 be adjudged a Felon,

and shall suffer Death as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed shall be divided and

distributed in Manner following; that is to say, one Moiety thereof shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs

and Successors, and the other Mciety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to such Person and Persons as shall

inform and sue for the same, in any of his Majesty’s Courts at Westminster, for Offences committed in

England^ /Vales, or Berwick upon Ttveedy and in his Majesty’s Court of Session, Court of Judiciary,

or Court of Exchequer in Scotland) for Offences committed there, by Ablion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or

Information, wherein no Effbin, Prctcblion, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance,

shall be allowed,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties herein-before granted shall be paid

from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on Stamped

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and diflinbl Account of the several Rates and

Duties, and pay the fame (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the fame, being

^edubled) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned, at such

Time and in such Manner as any former Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed

to be paid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of

the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Rates

and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other

Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succelibrs, upon any Account whatsoever; and the

said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other Rates

and Duties as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund

for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid

and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain

Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for e/iabiishing a Lottery.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Perfoos shall at any Time he sued, molested, or Persons fu?d for

prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clatife, executing this

Matter or Thine, herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Blue*. and *£'G*r0i*

give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdibt shall pals for 1^, In"ihall

the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or be entitled to

Defendants shall baveTxcble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs. Treble Cofli*

PenaU'M how tip

be divided.

Duties to be paid

to the Receiver

General of

Stamp dutie?,

and by i»im paid

into ihe Ex-

chequer,

Auditor to keep

a separate Ac-

count thereof.

Application of

the Duties.

C A

MO

