10

of this Act, rc-

m in veiled in

the forir.er Pro*

prictors thereof,

J.ifrhaMon of

Action:.

•General IHue*

Treble Coff3,

'Preamble#

•From the passing

of this A ft till

March 35,1782,

Merchant Ships,

&c. may be na-

vigated by

Three-fourths

foreign Seamen.

This Act not to

retrain any

Royal Procla-

mation to be

made pursuant

to an Act 13

'Geo»Il«

Preamble#

Recital of an

Ail 13 Geo* H»

C. it, 12. Anno vicesimo pr]mo G eor g i i III. A.D. 1781.

Person, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and to, for, upon, under, and subject to*

such Uses, Trusts, Intents, Purposes, Conditions, and Rcltritifions, as the fame would have been if the

said recited Acts, or either of them, had not been made; any Thing herein, or in the said Acts, or cither

of them, contained, to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted. That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or

Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of the af JteDid recited Acts, or any Tning to be done in pur-

fuance of this Act, every such Action and Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after

|he Cause of such Action or Suit shall have arifcri, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants

in all such Actions and Suits may plead the General lllue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence at any

Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was d.me in pursuance of the said Acts, or one of them,

or in pursuance of this Act: And if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or

Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before limited, then, and in either of futh Cales, the Jury

shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if a Veroict Hull be found for the Defendant nr De-

fendants, or if the Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs shall be nonfuittd, or Idler a Di continuance after the Defe ndant

or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon any Demurrer, ju* gment shall be given for the Defendant

or Defendants; in each of the Cafes afore (a id the Defendant or Defendants (lull have Treble Costs, and

shall have such Remedy for recovering the lame as any Defendant or Luuidaius hath or have for recovering

Cods in other Cafes by Law.

CAP. XI.

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Mn’eflv’s Ships of

War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Sh-ps and Vclfcls.

4 TPOR the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Maj.*fty’$ Ships of "vVar, and on

JP Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vdlcls;’ be it enacted by the King’s nu«lfc

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Loids Spiritual and JKmporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. Tin:, from and alter me

passing of this Act, until the twenty-fifth Day of AAn/*, one thousand 1 even hundred and cghty-ttvo,

and no longer (except in respect to such Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships or VdDL, which

shall be on their Voyage before the said twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and

eig!?ty-two, who shall be, and are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning home navigated in

the Manner as herein-after is provided), it shall and may be lawlul for any Merchant Ship, or other

Trading Ship or Vessel, to be navigated by Foreign Seamen or Mariners, not being Natives of Gnat

Britain, or of any of the Colonies or Plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty’s natural or naturalized

Subjects, so as the Number of such Foreign Seamen or Manners do not exceed Three-fourms of tee

Mariners at any one lime employed to navigate such Merchant Ship, or other T rad in; Ship or Vei-e!,

and that One-fourth at least of the Mariners or Seamen so employed, be at all d imes Natives, or his Ma-

jesty’s naturalized Subjects of Great Britain (sudden Death, and Hazard and Casualties of War, and the

Seas, saved and excepted), one Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

jest King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and incrcafaig of Shipping and ±S liga-

tion, or any other Statute or Law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away or retrain the Effect

of any such Royal Proclamation, as his Majesty, his Hciis and Succtrfibrs, arc impowered tu nuke by

virtue of an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Mijellv’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the baiter

Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Mcjcjlys Ships of // ary and on Beard Merchant Ship* and other

Trading Ships, and Privateers.

CAP. XII.

An Act to continue the Duty of one Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act of

the twenty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for the more effectual re-

pairing and maintaining the Piers and Harbour cf VVnitby, in the County of York.

4 TI THERE AS the Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, has, from long Experience, been

4 W found to be very beneficial to the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms; 3nd several Acts of

4 Parliament have been passed, for railing Money for the Purpote of enlarging and improvirg the said

4 Harbour, and the Piers and other Works belonging thereto, particularly an Act, nude in the twenty-

'4 third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual repairing

4 and preservin? the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York ; by which Act, after reciting

4 that several Duties had been granted by former Acts of Parliament, for the Use of the Did Harbour*

4 and particularly a Duty of one Farthing per Chalder on all Coals laden at Keivccjllc, and other Places

4 in the said Acts mentioned, for the Terms thereby limited, there was given and granted an additional

4 Duty of one Farthing per Chalder on all Coals laden at JSeucajUe upon Tyne, or at Sunderland, Blyth,

4 Seatonf.uice, Cullercoatesy or any other Harbour, Colliery, or Place, being, or reputed to be, a Member

4 of the said Port of Neucafie upon Tyne, to be payable from and after the first Day of June, one thou-

4 sand seven hundred and fifty, for and during, and unto the full End and Term of thirty-one Years :

4 And whereas, in consequence of the Did Acts, the said Harbour hath been greatly improved ; for the

4 Performance whereof a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed upon the Credit of the Duties,

4 a great

