to

Demy Writing

Paper, St. 9 d.

per Ream)

Thick Post dit-

to, st. 3 d. per

Ream,

Thin Post ditto,

is. 9d. per

Ream ;

Small Post ditto,

is. 3 d. per

Ream$

Pools Cap ditto,

is, 6 d. per

Ream ;

Pott ditto, I f,

per Ream;

Double Atlas,

for Writing, or

Copper-plate

Priming, 1 1.

2os. per Ream;

Demy, for ditto,

I s. 9 d. per

Ream;

Copy, for ditto,

a f. per Ream ;

Fools Cap. for

ditto, lod. per

Ream$

Littris Fools

Cap. for ditto,

Jod. per Ream;

Pott, for ditto,

Sfl. per Ream;

Grand Eagle,

for ditto, na,

per Ream

Cofemhirr, for

ditto, 7 s. per

Ream

Atlas, ftr ditto

(worth 31 ),

aos. per Ream;

Atiat, for ditto

(wortfc*l.), 6*,

6 d. per Ream;

Small Atlas, for

ditto, g a. per

Ream ;

Imperial, for

ditto, 4 a. 9<J.

per Ream;

Super Royal, for

ditto, 3 s. 6d.

per Ream;

Long Royal, for

ditto, 3 s. per

Ream 5

Royal, for ditto,

it. 6 d, per

Ream;

Demy, for ditto,

is. gd. jxr

Ream;

Short Demy, for

ditto, is. 3d,

per Ream j

C. 24.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgi III. A.D. 1781.

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Demy, of the Value of sixteen Shil-

lings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of fifteen Inches and an Half by twenty

Inches, two Shillings and Nine-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writine, called Thick Post, of the Value of thir-

teen Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of fifteen Inches and a Quarter

•by nineteen inches and an Half, two Shillings and Three-pence :

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Thin Post, of the Value of ten

Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of fifteen inches and a Quartet by

nineteen Inches and an Half, one Shilling and Nine-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Small Post, of the Value of seven

Shillings and Six-pence per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of thirteen Inches and

an Half by sixteen Inches and an Half, one Shilling and Three-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Fools Capy of the Value of nine

Shilling*per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of thirteen Inches and an Half by

sixteen inch... and three Quarters, one Shilling and Six-pence:

For every Ream of Paper inane in Great Britain for Writing, called Potty of the Value of six Shillings

per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twelve Inches and an Half by fifteen Inches

and an Half, one Shilling:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Double

Atlas, of the Value of fifteen Pounds per beam, 'and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of fifty-

five inches by thirty-one Inches anu an Half, one Pound ten Shillings:

For every Ream or Paper made in Great Britain ior Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Demy,

of the Value of twelve Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions ot fifteen

Inches and an Half by twenty Inches, one Shilling and Nine-pence:

For every Ream of Paper madt in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Copy or

Bastard, of the Value of seven Shillings and Six-pence per Ream, and upwaids, and not exceeding the

Dimensions of sixteen Inches by twenty Inches ana a Quarter, one Shilling :

For every Ream of Paper macR in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Fools

Cap. of the Value of six Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of thirteen

Inches and an Half b> fix'een Inches and three Quarters, Ten-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Littris

Fools Cap. of the Value of six Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not excecdi. g the Dimenfi ms of thir-

teen Inches and an Half by seventeen Inches and an Half, Ten-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, calK d Pott, of

the Value of four Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twelve Inches

and an Half by fifteen Inches and an Half, Eight-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Grand

Eagle or Double Elephant, of the Value of four Pounds per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding tba

Dimensions of twenty-six Inches and three Quarters by forty Inches, eleven Shillings :

Fbf every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Colom-

bier, of the Value of two Pounds and ten Shillings per Ream, and upward*, and not exceeding the Di-

menfions of twenty-three Inches and an Half by thirty-four inches and an Half, seven Shillings :

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Atlas,

of the Value of three Pounds per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-six

Inches and a Quarter by thirty-four Inches, ten Shillings:

For every Refcm of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Atlas, of

the Value of two Pounds per Ream, and upward*, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-six Inches

and a Quarter by thirty-four Inches, six Shillings and Six-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Small

Atlas, of the Value of one Pound and ten Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Di-

menfions of twenty-five Inches by thirty-one Inches, five Shillings:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Imperial,

of the Value of one Pound and ten Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions

of twenty-two Inches by thirty Inches and a Quarter, four Shillings and Nine-pence :

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Super

Royal, of the Value of one Pound and five Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Di-

menfions of nineteen Inches and aQuarter by twenty-seven Inches and an Half, three Shillings and Six-pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Long

Royal, of the Value of one Pound per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty-

seven Inches and an Half by eighteen Inches, three Shillings:

For every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Royal,

of the Value of eighteen Shilling* per R:am, and upward, and not exceeding the Dimensions of nineteen

Inches and a Quarter determined by twenty-tour Tp< ;i , twe hillings and Six-pence :

For every Ream of Paper made in f.re. t BritC.n for Writing, or Copper-plate Printing, called Demy,

of the Value of thirteen Smiling* per R *; d upward*, and not exceeding the Dimensions of seventeen

Inches by twenty-two Inches, one Sirin. % and > int pence:

For every Ream of Paper made in G eat Britain for Writing, or Copper-plate Priming, called Short

Demy or Courts, of the Value of nine Sfvlh/gs per Ream, and upwards, nor exceeding the Dimensions

of fourteen Inches by twenty Inches and a Quarter, or of fifteen Inches by twenty Inches, one Shilling

and Three pence:

For

