The T 1 T L E S of the STATUTES.

62. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made

in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for railing and training the Militia, as relates to Persons

paying the Sum of ten Pounds being liable to feive again

in the Militia at the Expiration of three Years; and also

to oblige Substitu;es to make Oath respecting their Place

of Settlement.

63. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the

nineteenth Year of King George the Second (for the more

effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, and for the

other Purtofes therein mentioned), as restrains the Use of

the Highland Dress.

64. An Act for the amending and rendering more effectual

the Laws in being relative to Houses of Correction.

65. An Act to enable the Mod Noble Henry Duke of

Newcastle, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to

open a Street from the Strand at or near the East End

of the New Church, to the South End of Stanhope-Jireet

in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, within the City and

Liberty of Westminster \ and to make a more commod ious

Communication between the North End of Stanhope street

afo/efaid, and JVyldejL eet in the Parish of Saint Giles in

th Fields, in the Couniy of Middlesex.

66. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties

upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Ma-

nagement of the respective Commissioners of the Customs

and Excise in Great Britain.

67. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying cer-

tain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and

for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Sef-

fion of Parliament.

68. An Act for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and

Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Du-

ties of Excise, and not exceeding eleven Shillings the

Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, and for granting other

Duties in lieu thereof; for g>anting additional Duties on

Coaches, and other Carriages therein mentioned; and

also additional Duties on Sope made in Great Britain,

and upon the Produce of the said additional Duties on

Coaches and on other Carriages; and for the better fe-

curing the Duty upon Tea, and other Duties of Excise;

and also for appointing the Number of Commissioners of

Excise who may hear causes depending before them re-

lative to the Duties on Male Servants.

69. An Act for compelling John WhitehillEsquire to return

into this Kingdom; and for restraining him, in case of

his Return, from going out of this Kingdom for a li-

mited Time; and Tor discovering his Estate and Effects,

and preventing the transporting or alienating of the

fame.

70. An Act to enable the Commander in Chief of his

Majesty's Forces, and the Secretary to the Commander

in Chief of his Majesty’s Forces, to send and receive Let-

ters and Packets free from the Duty of Portage.

71. An Act more effectually to prevent his Majesty’s Ene-

mies from being supplied with Ships or Vessels from

Great Britain.

72. An Act for continuing so much of an Act of the

sixth Year of his present Majesty, as relates to pro-

hibiting the Importations of Foreign Wrought Silk and

Velvets.

73. An Act to explain an Act made in the twelfth Year of

the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act

for prohibiting the planting. Jetting, or fovuin* of Tobacco

in England 3;* Ireland), and to permit the Ule and Re-

moval of Tobacco, the Growth of Scotland, into England,

for a limited Time, under certain Restrictions.

74. An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the first

Meetings of CommiflUoners, or other Persons for putting

in Execution certain Acts of thb Session of Parlia-

ment.

75. An Act to prevent the granting in future any Patent

Office to beexercised in any Colony or Plantation now,

or at any Time hereafter, belonging to the Crown of

Great Britain, for any longer Term than during such

Time as the Grantee thereof, or Per Ion appointed

thereto, shall discharge the Duty thereof in Person, and

behave well therein.

76. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum

of one Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein men-

tioned.

77. An Act to render valid and effectual certain Articles of

Agreement between the Mayor and Commonalty and

Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Pof-

sessions. Revenues, and Goods, of the Hospitals of Ed-

ward King of England the Sixth, of Chtijf, Bridewell,

and Saint Thomas the Apojlle, and of the Hospitals of

Henry the Eighth, King of England, called TheHouse of

the Poor, in // ejl Smith field, near London, and of the

House and Hospital called Bcthclem, and the Prcfldents,

Treasurers, and Acting Govemois, of the said several

Hospitals.

78. An Act to permit Drugs, the Product of Hungary or

Germany, to be imported from the Aujlrian Netherlands,

or any Part of Germany, upon Payment of the single

Duty; to allow the Importation of Hungary or German

Wines, and organzined Thrown Silk, from the Aujlrian

Netherlands, or any Part of Germany, into Great Britain,

and of Timber, and other Goods, from any Part of Eu-

rope, in Ships the Property of Subjects under the fame

Sovereign as the Country of which the Goods are the

Growth, Produce, or Manufacture.

79. An Act for the Encouragement and Disciplining of

such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily

enroll themselves for Defence of their Towns or Coasts,

or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the

present War.

So. An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing

his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth

and Chatham.

81. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Pay-

master General of his Majesty’s Forces.

82. An Act for enabling his Majesty to discharge the Debt

contrafted upon his Civil Lilt Revenues; and for pre-

venting the fame from being in Arrear for the future, by

regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Reve-

venues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices

therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Re-

venues of the Civil List.

83. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor.

84. An Act for better paving, deanfing, and lighting,

Part of the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in

the County of Middhfex, and such Part of Old Bond-

street as lies within the Parish of Saint James, in the said

County; and for removing and preventing Nuisances

and Annoyances therein.

85. An Act for the Improvement of Portman Square, within

the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Mid-

dlcfex.

86. An Act for explaining and amending two Acts, one

made in the eleventh, and the other in the seventeenth

Year of his present Majesty, for paving certain Streets

in the Parishes of Saint John of flapping, and Saint

George in the County of Middlesex, and for other Pur-

poses; and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts

to other Paris of the said Panfties, and also for opening

certain

