26o

No few more

than usual shall

be paid at the

Exchequer, &c»

From on. f,

1783, no Money

/h ill be ifluei

from the Exche-

quer to the Pay*

maftet General,

Payrr.aftrr to

draw on the

Bank for Army

Services,

Tke Monies if*

filed to the Bank

not to be paid

then out, unless

for Army Ser-

vicer.

Claofe to prevent

an nnnecelfary

Accumulation of

pablick Money

in the Bank,

Upon the Death

or Removal of a

Paymaster, the

Balance of Cacti

he Hull have

Credit for in his

Account, shall

be transferred to

the Account of

his Successor

Paymaster to

keep an Account

with the Bank,

Sec,

Any Peson vho

{hall forge the

Name of the

Paymaster, to

obtain Money

from the B.r.k,

shall suffer Death

as a Felon,

C. 81. Anno vicesimo fecundo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1782.

tofore issued to the Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Forces; and all such Monies so to be issued to the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be placed to an Account to be raised in the Books of

the Governor and Company of the fa id Bank of England, and to be intituled. The Account of the Pay-

master General of his Majestys Forces; inferring the Ntme of such Paymaster General for the Time being.

II. And be it enadtec, That no Fees whatsoever shall be paid at the Exchequer or Treasury for or by

reason of the Tianladtions aforesaid, beyond the Amount of what hath usually been paid upon Imprefts

and Accounts hitherto made, according to the former Custom of transtufting Business between the Exche-

quer, Pay Office, and Bank severally.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of Ja-

nuary, one thousand (even hundred and eighty-three, no Money for the Service of the Army shall be issued

from his Majesty’s Exchequer to the Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Forces, or shall be placed, or di-

re£icd to be placed, in his Hands or PoflWfion, but the fame shall be issued and directed to be paid to the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and to be placed to the Account above-men?ioned.

IV. Arjd be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Paymaster General of his Majesty's

Forces for the Time being, by himself or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons in his Office duly autho-

rifed by the said Paymaster General, from and after the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hun-

dred and eighty-three, shall draw upon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for all Army

Services whatever, and shall specify in each and every Draft the particular Service for which the fame is

drawn; and no Draft of the said Paymaster, or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons authorised as afore-

said, shall be deemed a sufficient Voucher to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, un-

less the fame specifies the Service for which it is drawn, and has been actually paid by the said Governor

and Company of the Bank of England.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies so to be issued to the Gover-

nor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Forces,

shall not be paid out of the Bank unless for the Army Services, and in pursuance of Drafts or Checque

Paper, to be drawn on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and signed by the Paymaster

General of his Majesty's Forces for the Time being, or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons authorised as

aforesaid; in which Drafts shall be specified the Heads of Service to which the Sums therein mentiontd are

to be applied ; and which Drafts so drawn shall be sufficient Authority to the Bauk to pay such Money to

the Persons mentioned in such Drafts, or to the Bearer of them.

4 VI. And that the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury may have a frequent Knowledge of the

4 Balance of Calli in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on account of the

4 Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Forces, in order to enable them to judge of the Propriety and Ne-

4 ceffity of further Issues, and to prevent the unnecessary Accumulation of publick Money in the Hands of

4 the Governor and Company of the Bank of Englandbe it enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That,

from and after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, in the first Memo-

rial presented every Month to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, by the Paymaster General of

his Majesty’s Forces for the Time being, for a Supply of Money for the Army Services, such Paymaster

shall insert, in the Body of such Memorial, the Sum Total of the Balance of publick Money on his Ac-

count in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ together with an Account of

all the outstanding Drafts drawn upon, but not paid by, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of

England.

VII. And be it further enaScd by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death, Resignation, or Re-

moval, of the present, and of every other Paymaster of his Majesty’s Forces hereafter to be appointed, the

Balance of Calli for which he shall at that Time have Credit, on his Account as Paymaster General, with

the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, as soon as a Successor shall be appointed to the

said Office, actually vest in such Successor, in Trust for the Service of the Army, and be forthw ith trans-

ferred, carried over, and placed to the Account of such Successor Paymaster General of his Majesty's

Forces, and shall and may be applied, by such succeeding Paymaster, to pay and discharge all Charges

and Demands upon his Predeccflbr, on Account of the Army Services, which shall at that l ime remain

and be unsatisfied, and shall and may be paid by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

in pursuance of the like Drafts or Cheque Paper of such succeeding Paymaster, in Manner above men*

tioned, and not otherwise.

VIII. And be it further erased by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of

January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the Paymaster Genera) of his Majesty's Forces for

the Time being shall keep the Account with the Bank of all Monies issued to or directed to be paid to him

for the Service of the Army : And the said Paymaster General, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby

prescribed, shall not be answerable for any Money which he shall not actually receive ; *nd the Governor

and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies which Hull be actually re-

ceived by them for the Service of the Army.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and

after the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, knowingly and wilfully

forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or

assist in forging or counterfeiting the Name or Harfd of the Paymaster General of his Majifly's Forces for

the 7 ime beiiuj, or of his Deputy, to any Draft, Cheque Paper, Instrument, or Writing whitsoever, for

or in Order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and

Company of ’he Bank of England, on Account of the Paymaster General of his Maj« fty’s Forces ; or shall

foige or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or

assist in forging or counterfeiting, any Draft, Cheque Paper, Instrument* or Writing inTorca of a Diafc*

made

