6o

C. 44*

Anno vicesimo piimo Georgi III. A.D. 1781.

Agents, within

three Mouths

after the Term

of ihiee Yea s

limited h\ the

recited Acts, are

to make cut an

Account of the

Produce of

Prizes, and

Bounty Bi l'.Are.

and deliver the

fame, wi’h the

Balance inHand,

to the PeiJcn

deputed by the

f»jd Treasurer*

Penalty on A-

gents neglecting

to deliver such

Accounts, or to

pay such Ba-

lance,

Agents obliged

to anfWrr, on

Oath, Bill?, &c.

fil-.d ajainff

them in any

Court of Equity.

Penalty on A'

g-nts naking

fraudulent Ac-

counts,

Penalties and

forfeitures how

to be recovered

and applied.

Part of the re-

cited Acts re-

pealed.

This Act to ex-

tend to - li Prizes

a’.reidy taken, ox

which may be

taken before

Nov. 1, 1781,

of the rroioce

where of no D’f

tribution (huli

h ;ve been tr.ade,

aor of the Boun-

ty Money, on

or befere the

said Nov. 1,

' This Act not to

extend to Cap-

tures condemned

or fold in G;eit

Britain, See,

V. And be it fuilber enacted, That such Person ami Persons, Agent and Agents, shall, within the

Space of three Calendar Months next after the T erm of three Years limited by the said Acts, make ouc

an exact Account in Writing of the Produce of such Prize and lYr/cs, Pill and Bills for Bounty, as also

of the Payments of the several Shares to the respective Captors, together with a just ami tiue Account,

upon Oath, to be taken before the Treasurer of the fanl I Jo! pi ta) for the 'Time being, or any other Person

or Persons by him for that Purpose deputed and authouftd (which Oath the said Treasurer of the said

Hospital, ana his (efficient Deputy and Deputies, arc hereby audio tiled and impowered to administer), of

all £>um and Sums of Momy ;>s /h.dl be then remaining in inch Agent or Agents, or Ptifons Cuitody,

Power, or Pollelfiun, on account of such Prize and Prizes, and R unty Pj.11 or Bills; and shall at the

fame l ime ut liver, or came to be delivered, unto loch iVfton or Persons as the Paid IYaiu er shall de-

pute and appoint for that Purpose, in the Colony or Jll nd in which such Prize or Prizes ilu!l be lo con-

deni red or told, the said Accounts so areiled upon Oath as ahjicfaid, and pay over or tender to the said

Deputy or Deputies, ali fuc 11 remaining Sum and Sums of Money then so left and remaining in his or

their Hands as aforesaid, taking from the said Deputy 01 Deputies hi* or their Acquittance or Acquittances

for the t unc.

VI. And be it further enacicJ, That if any such Agent or Agents, or Persons, (lull n< gfcft or refuse

to deliver the said lall-mentioucd Account or Accounts, to the Deputy or Deputies of the Treasurer of

the said Hospital, within the 1 ime before limited for the fame, in Manner and Form as is herein before

mentioned; or if fuih Agent or Agents, or Persons, shall n< gleet or refuse to pay over, or tender to the

said Deputy or Deputies rrfpedlively, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall remain in his

or their Hand or Hands, Power, Custody, or Possession, after the Term of three Years so limited by the

said Adff, he or they (hull forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and

also double the Amount of the Sum or Sums of Money (if any) which were in such Agent or Agents

Hands, Power, Custody, or PolLlfion, at the Expiration of the 'Term of three Years limited by the said

Acts.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better Discovery of all such

forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Money as shall remain in the Hands of any Agent

or Agents, or Person or Persons aforesaid, after the Term of three Years, so limited by the fatJ AcH,

such Agent or Agents, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, shall be obliged and compellable to answer,

upon Oath, such Bill or Bills, Information or Informations, as shall be filed agatnil him or them in any

Court of Equity, for discovering the Monies remaining in his or their Hands.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons as aforesaid,

shall make use of, commit, permit, do, or suffer, any Fraud, ColiufYn, or Deceit, in m.iking up, stating,

or balancing any of the Accounts herein-before directed, he and they so offending shall forfeit and pay,

for every such Offence (over and above the Penalties and Punishments infh&cd by this Act), the Sum of

one hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this

Act imposed, shall be applied to the Use of the Did Royal Hospital } and shall and may be sued for ami

recovered, with Colts of Suit, in the Name of the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital

for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, by Action of Debt, in any of h:r Mnjofty’s Courts of

Record in the Colony or Place wheie such Agent or Ag nis Hull ref.de and be, in which it Iha.i be fuf-

ficient to declare that the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in the Sum of being

forfeited by an Adit, pa lied in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his prefen: Majesty, intituled, [here

insert the Title of the Ati\ wherein no Eiluin, Protection, Privilege, or Wrgcr of Law, o; more than one

Imparlance, shall be allowed.

X. And be it funher enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts as imposes a Penalty of one hun-

dred Po unds on Aginrs and Persons not transmitting or delivering the Accounts therein mentioned to the

Treasurer of the said Hospital, or his Deputy or Agent, or within the Time therein linvtrd, or neglect-

ing to pay over such Sum and Sums of Money as therein mentioned, shall (except as to Agents for Prizes

condemned in Great Britain) be, and the lame is hereby repealed.

4 XL And whereas fnmiry Ships and Vessels belonging to his Majesty’s Enemies have been, and may,

c before the fiilt Day of November, one thousand (even hundred and ughty-one, be taken and made Prizi

c of by his Majesty’s Ships of War, and no Diilribution of the Produce c»f such Prizes, or of the Bounty

4 Money in respect thereof, may have been made before the said first Day of November,9 be it tuither

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship or VilLl belonging to any of his M ijesty’s

Enemies hath already b^en, or shall, before the first Day of November, one thou find seven hundreJ and

eighty one, be taken and made Prize of by any or his Majesty’s Ships of War, and no D.ftnbutDn of the

Produce of such Prize, or of the Bounty Money in reflect thereof, shall have been made on the faio hrlt

Day of November, that then, and in every such Cafe, the several Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, and

Penalties, contained in this Act, shall, and are hereby declared to extend to every such Prize, and to the

Bounty Money in respect 'hereof, and also to ail Agents and others appointed or to be appointed for the

Condemnation and Sale of such Prize, in such and, the same Manner, and as fully and effectually, to all

Intents and Purposes, as if such Prize were taken after the said fuss Day of November $ any Thing.herein

contained to the contrary hereof no^withstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained Ihffl extend, or be cor. ft rued- to extend,

to any Capture which shall be condemned or fold in any Port or Place within Great Britain, nor to any

Bounty Money arising therefrom or in respect thereof, nor to any Agent or Agon's, or Person or Persons,

to be appointed for the Condemnation or Sale of such Capture > any Thin^ herctn-before contained u>

the contrary notwithJftanding.

