188

Ooodt the Pro-

duce or Mano-

facture of St.

Christopher’s,

Nevis, and

Mortferrit, may

betmporcd in

neutral Vefieli,

on Payment

cr Plantation

Duties} pro* ded

the Importer

make Oath to

the Truth

thereof*

Preamble*

Certsin Free-

holders intitled

to vote for the

Boruugh of

Ciickladcs

Customary

Voters a)so

fowled*

No Freeholders

to tote but. such

as are qualified

to be Couaty

Voters.

Freeholders to

be u ora.

The Oath*

Penalty on com-

mitting Perjury,

or Subornation

thereof*

C. 31. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 178*.

sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and bj

the Authority of the same, That it shall and maybe lawful to import, in any British or neutral Vessels*

from the ftid Islands of Saint Christopher's, Nevis, and Montserrat, any Goods of the Growth, Produce,

or Manufacture, of the said Islands, into any Ports of his Majesty’s Dominions in Europe or America; and

that the saidGoods Hull be admitted to an Entry, on Payment of the fame Duties to which they would

have been subject, if imported from any of the British Wefi India Islands, on Board British Ships navigated

according to Law; any Law, Ufaee, or Custom, to the contrary notwiihstanding.

II. Provided always. That the Importer or Importers of any Goods from the said Islands of Sa nt Chris*

tophefs, Nevis, and Mont ferrety (lull make Oath before the Colledoror Comptroller of his Majority's Cuf-

foms, that, to thebeft of his or their Knowledge or Belief, the Goods so imported are really and bona fide

of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the said Islands; and in Default of such Oath, the Goods

imported from the said Islands shall he subject to the Payment of the fame Duties, as they would have been

liable to if imported from any Foreign IVeJi India Island; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwith-

Handing.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve

in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade^ in the County of Wilts.

WHEREAS there was the most notorious Brlbety and Corruption at the last Elc£th>n of Burgeffrs

to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade in the County of Wilts: And whereas such

4 Biibery and Corruption is likely to continue and be pracii.cd in the said Borough in future, unless some

4 Means are taken to prevent the Line; in order therefore to prevent fuvh unlawful Practice s for the fu-

4 tore, and that the said Borough may from henceforth be duly reprelented in Pailiajneni be it enaited

by the King’s meft excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lo»ds Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affirm h] d, ano by the Authoiitv of the fame, That

from henceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for every Freeholder, b^i- g above the Age of twenty-one

Years, who shall have, within the Hundreds or Divisions of High wo*tb, Cricklade, Staple Kin?(bridge, and

Malmsbury, or one or more of them, in the County or Hilts, a Fr^eh Id of the < lear yearly Value ol forty

Shillings, to give his Vote at every Election of a Burgess or B^rgdfcs to terve in Parliament for the said

Borough of Cricklade.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right of Election of a Member or

Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade, (lull be, and is hereby declared to be*

in such Freeholders as aforesaid, and in the Persons who, by the Custom and Usage of the said Borough*

have, or shall hereafter have, a Right to vote at such Election; and the proper Officer for the Time being,

to whom the Return of every Writ or Process does belong, is hereby required to return the Person or Pei-

Tons to serve in Parliament for the said Borough who shall have the major Number of Votes of such Free-

holders and other Persons having a Right to vote at such Election; any Law or Usage to the contrary not-

withstanding.

III. Provided always, That such Freeholders only shall be intirled to vote as shall be duly qualified to

vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire for the said County of Wilts, according to the Laws now in be-

ing for regulating County Elections.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Freeholder, before he is ad-

mitted to poll at any Election for the said Borough, shall, if required by the Candidates, or any of them,

or any other Person having a Right to vote at the said Elc&ion, li: ft take the Oath, or, being one of the

People called Quakers, the solemn Affirmation following; videlicet,

4 T Do swear [or, being a Quaker, solemnly affirm]. That I am a Freeholder in the Hundreds or Divisions

4 A of Highworth, Cricklade. Staple, Malmsbury, and Kingsbridge, or any one or more of them, in the

4 County o( Wilts, and have a Freehold Eliate, consisting of [ fpreifying the Nature thereof \

and if it confi/Js in Messuages, Lands, Tenements* or Tithes, in whose Occupation the fame are; and if in Rent,

the Names of the Owners or Pcfiiffors of the Tenements out of which such Rent is tjfuing, or of some of fhemjt

4 situate, lying, or being at in the aforesaid Hundreds or Divisions, or in one or

4 more of them, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Shillings, over and above all Rents and Charges pay-

4 able out of\>r in respect of the fame; and that I have been in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents

'4 and Profits thereof, for my own Use, above twelve Calendar Months [or, that the fame came to me

'within the Time aforesaid determined by Descent, Marriage, Marriage Settlement, Devise, or Promotion to a Be-

4 nefice in a Church, or by Promotion to an Office]; and that such Freehold Estate has not been granted

4 or made to inc fraudulently, on purpose to qualify me to give my Vote; and that the Place of my Abode

4 is at in , and that 1 am twemy-one Years of Age, as I believe, and that I

4 have not been polled before at this Election.'

Which Oath, or solemn Affirmation, the proper Officer, to whom the Return of any Writ or Precept for

such Election shall belong, is hereby required to administer: And in case any Freeholder, or other Person

taking the said Oath or Affirmation hereby appointed, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, and be thereof

convicted; or if any Person shall unlawfully and conuptly procure or suborn any Freeholder or other Per-

son to take the said Oath or Affirmation, in order to be polled, whereby he shall commit such wilful Per-

jury, and shall be thereof convicted, be and they, for every firch Oflcncc respectively, shall incur such

Penalties

