|S

'■I

;:i!

K

k-

r :t*

h

, U>

ci o;

mi

fe*.

tec-

! W

is.’i

xil

J:it,

:ox:;

VJ3

-,r3

r.fc

ifi

Tfli"

}&

, Ve ;"

i'i

b1

y?;

fit-

tuts

fr.-‘

, !> -r.

if

.?

,-Cf

f

¥■

0-

y;

After July*f,

178*, an addi-

tional Duty of

3 d. per Pound

to b.- paid for all

White Bee*

Wax impored

into this King-

V

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo fecimdo Georgii III. C. 61, 62,

Verdict shall pais against him, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given again# him, then, and in

any of the Cafes aforesaid, the Defendant shall recover Treble Costs. ' Treble Coll*,

1 /

CAP. LX I.

An Act for granting an additional Duty upon Whitcor Manufactured Bees Wax imported

into Great Britain.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

TX/E, ydur Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament Preamble.

VV assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences,

have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Rates and Duties herein-

after mentioned and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted \ ind be it enacted

W the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thar,

from and after the twenty-fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, over and above.all

Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and all other Subsidies and Duties whatsoever, due*and payable for all

White or Manufactured Bees Wax imported into Great Britain* determined by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in

Force, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto ins Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, before

landing thereof, the additional Rates, Duties, and Imposts following, without any Discount or Deduction

Whatsoever; that is to say.

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of such White or Manufactured Bees Wax, which shall be im-

ported into this Kingdom, the Sum of Three-pence, and after that Rate for any greater or less Quantity.

II. And it is hereby further enacSted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar the said additional Rate or Duty

herein-before mentioned, shall be alfosubject and liable to an additional Impost or Duty of five Pounds per

Centum, in the same Manner, and under the fame Regulations, as the additional Duryof five Pounds per

Centum is granted to hF M i jetty by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under tue Manage-

ment of the respective Comm’jjioners of the Cujltms and Excise in Great Britain.

III. And it is hereby f ur ,her enacted by the Authoriiy aforesaid, That the said several Duties and Im-

Eofts, herein-before gianted, shall be raised, levied, collected, pjid, and recovered, in such Manner and

orm, and by such Ways Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the former

Duties now payable to his Majesty upon Bees Wax are raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, as

fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties

and Forfeitures, respectively relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of

this present Act; and the fame shall be under the Management of the n-spective Commissioners of the Cuf-

tomsand their Officers for the Tinye being, and shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver-general of the

Customs in England, and shall be by him paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer in the follow-

ing Manner 5 that is to say. The said additional Du'y upon White and Manufactured Bees Wax shall be

paid in distinct and apart from all other Monies which such Receiver-gener d shall receive for the Use of his

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned; and the said addi-

tional Impost of five Pounds per Centum upon the Duty granted by this Act, shall be paid in as Part of the

said Impost granted by the before-mentioned Act of the nineteenth Year of his prtMent Majesty’s Reign,

under the Title and Description of The Impojl one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

IV- And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That theie thall be provided and kept in the

Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising

from the said Duty and Impost, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart

from 3II other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account what-

soever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with

such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as fhA\ be granted by any Act or Acts of this Session of Parlia-

ment for this Plirpose, and not otherwise applied, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities,

and all such other Charges and Expences, as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an Act of

this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities,

ond for establishing a Lottery,

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Export-

ation of any White or Manufactured Bees Wax from this Kingdom to any Port or Place beyond the Seas

as Merchandize, the Exporter shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of all the before mentioned Duties

paid upon the Importation of such Bees Wax by virtue of this Act; which Drawback or Allowance shall

be made in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Respects,

as any former Drawback or Allowance payable out of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation of Bees

Wax was, could, or might be made, before the patting of this Act.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the feCond Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, for raising and training the Militia, as relates to Persons paying the

Sum of ten Pounds being liable to serve again in the Militia at the Expiration of three

Years; and also to oblige Substitutes to make Oath respecting their Place of Settlement.

$ W7 ^ E RE A S by an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled. An

YY Act to explain, amende and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in fragg

G g a /I

The new Duty

to bt subj'ft to

an additional

5 per Cent,

agreeable to 19

G o. Ill, Cap.

25*

The new Dntiet

to be levied md

recovi re in the

fm.e M.u«nr a*

the f.-rmei 1-

tif* on Ij'-c*

Wax; *nu to be

und-r ’he Ma-

naterr>rni 0 the

Coron UhotvM*

ot th.: C’.iftom*.

How o be paid

into the txchfi*

quer.

A Boole *o be

provided in the

Aut'ito/s Ot-

her, m wh.ih

the new Duty

/ball he fepa-

ra rly entered.

Apphcatioa

thereof.

A Drawback of

the Ou h-s to bt

allowed on Ex«

porution.

