4 55

A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georg 11 III. C. it.

44 granted by this Act ; which shall be Tax-free. Subscriptions paid in Part, and not completed, shall

44 be forfeited to the Publick. As soon as Contributes have completed their Payments, the Sum fua-

44 feribed shall, in the Books of the Bank, be placed to their Credit j and shall be assignable. Annuities

ct charged on the Fmid to be eftabJished for Payment thereof. Governor, &c of the Bank, to appoint a

44 Chief Cashier and Accountant-General. Monies to be issued at the Exchequer to the Chief Cashier,

44 for Payment of Annuities created by this Act. Accountant General to examine Receipts and Pay-

4< ments. Annuities to be deemed personal Estate. Books to be kept by the Accountant-General, wherciiv

*4 shall be entered all Transfers of Sums advanced on this Act. Persons poffcfied of Stock may devise the

44 fame by Will, tefc. Commissioners of the Treasury impowered to defray the incidental Expences at-

44 tending the Execution of this Act. The 3 ter Cent. Annuities granted by this Act, shall be added to

41 the 3 perCent Confois, tramferrable at the Bank. The 4per Cent• Annuities granted by this Act, shall

44 be added to the fame Fund as the per Cents. granted by the Lottery Acts of 20, 2t, 22, and 23

44 Geo* III. The Annuities of 5 s. 6 d. per Annum for 7$ Years and six Months, to be added to the eon-

44 folidated Long Annuities of 1, 2, 4, 20, 22, and 23 Geo, III. ; but to be paid out of the Fund to be

<c established this Session. The Bank to continue a Company till Redemption of the Annuities.

44 ?60,coo /. to be raised by a Lottery ; the Prizes whereof to be paiJ out of any Supplies granted this

44 Session. Guardians having the Disposal of Infants Money, may contribute to the Loan, Qc. Mana-

44 gers and Directors of the Lottery to be appointed by the Treasury Managers to examine the Lottery

44 Books with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt for the fame.

44 Cashiers to return the Books, with the undisposed Tickets, with an Account of Monies paid in.

44 Undisposed Tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets of the middle Columns to be rolled up,

44 and fastened with Thread or Silk ; and cut off indentwife into a Box marked with the Letter (A).

44 Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two Columns, on each of which 36,000

41 Tickets are to be printed. The Number and Value of the Fortunate Tickets specified. $00/ to each

44 first-drawn Ticket of the first fix Days; i,oco/. to ditto the 13th Day ; 1,000/. to ditto the 16th Day;

44 2,000/. to ditto the 19th Day; 1,000/. to ditto the last drawn. Ticketsof the last-mentioned Books

44 to be rolled up and tied. Publick Notice to be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes. Lottery

44 to begin drawing on Nov. 22, 1784. Method to be observed in drawing, fc. Number of the Fortu-

44 nate Tickets, and the Sums, to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the Managers. Persons forging

44 Tickets guilty of Felony. Offenders (not in Prison) discovering Pe fons guilty to receive a Pardon,

44 and $0/. Reward. Managers to be sworn. Cashier may receive the Sums subscribed before receiving

44 the Lottery Book; giving a Note for the fame; which shall entitle the Bearer to a Ticket for every

44 io/. so paid. Contributors not making good their Payments wirhin the Times limited, forfeit their

44 Deposits with respect to the Lottery ; and the Tickets for such Sums to be delivered into the Exchequer.

44 Commissioners of the Treasury may reward the Managers, Izfc. as they shall think fit. The 360,000/.

4< for the Payment of the Fortunate Tickets, to be charged on any Supplies granted this Session ; and shall

44 be paid to the Proprietors, without any Deduction, on March 1, 1785, iffc. Managers to give Notice

44 of the Times for exchanging Tickets for Certificates. Certificates to be numbered, Qc. and signed,

44 No Fee to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution Monies, or for any Receipts, &c on Penalty of

44 20 L Persons sued in Execution of this Act, may plead the General Issue, and recover TrebleCofts.*

CAP. XI.

An Act: for laying additional Duties upon all Candles (except Wax. and Spermaceti

Candles), and for more effectually securing the Duties upon Candles.

4 Mofl Gracious Sovereign,

4 II 7 E your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

4 VV assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick Expences,

4 have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Rates

1 and Duties upon Candles herein after mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty

that it may be enabled ? and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authoriryof the fame, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand

seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of

his Majesty, his Heirs and Sucrcflbrs, for and upon all Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles),

which at any Time or Times shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, or made

within the same, over and above all other Custnms, Subsidies, Duties of excise, or other Duties already

imposed thereupon, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duties herein after mentioned; that

is to say;

For all Candles whatsoever (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles), which shall be so imported, one

Half-penny for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois, and after that Rare for a greater or lesser Quantity ;.

•the said Duties for and upon all imported Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candies), to he paid

down in ready Money by the Importers thereof, before the binding the fame;

And there shall be raised, levied, collided, and paid, to nnd for the Use of his Majesty, his Hrirs and

Successors, for and upon all Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles), which at any Time or

Times shall be made within thej Kingdom of Great Britain^ the further Ducks herein after mentioned;

that is to say i

1 For

Vjl,

Preamble*

From Aug. r,

1784. the fol-

lowing additional

Duties to be paid

to his Majesty ;

videlicet.

For *11 Cardiff

in ported (except

Wax and Sper-

maceti), one

Halfpenny per

Poundj

•ogle

