286

C*rn, Sec. im-

ported before the

passing of tbit

Act, end ware-

housed, may be

taken oot, Sec,

on Payment of

the Duties*

Continuance of

thie Act*

Preamble*

Recital of It

Geo, lli, cap*

S4*

The recited Act

continued to the

End of the pre-

fefctScftuft*

C. 2—5. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

II. A*d k ielwefey farther enwSted by tbc Atrtbomy aforesaid, That any Sort of Coro, Grain, or Floor,

which may have been imported before the passing of this Act, and which shall be remaining in any Ware-

house in Great Britain, under the joint Locks of the King, and the Importer or Proprietor of such Corn,

Grain, or Flour, shall and may, during the Contiauanoe of this Act, be taken out of such Warehouses in

order to be used or consumed in Great Britain, upon Payment of the last mentioned low and additional

Duties, in like Manner, and subject to the fame Regulations as such Corn, Grain, or Flour, would be

subject and liable to if the fame had been imported alter the said twenty-fifth Day of December, one thou-

sand /even hundred and eighty-two.

III. And be it farther enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of

jlugo/li one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, for that Part of Great Britain called England\ and

until the twenty-fifth Day of September, 00c thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, for that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. IL

An Act to continue an Act, made in the Iaft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act more effectually to pre-

vent his Majesfys Enemies from being supplied with Shi*s or Vessels from Great Britain.

[Continued during the present Holiduics.2

CAP. lit

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britainf for the Service #f

the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three. 4 n

cap. nr.

An Act for continuing'and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. V.

An Act for continuing an Act, passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of hia presentr

Majesty, intituled, An Act for refraining Sir Thomas Rumbold Barone/, and Peter

Perring Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom, for a limited Time ; and for discovering therr

EJUtes and Effects% and preventing the iranfporting or alienating the fame.

4 IT 7,HEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for refraining Sir

4 y, Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, from going cut of this Kingdom, for a limited

4 Time ; and for discovering their Estates andEffefts, and preventing the (ranjporting or alienating the fame:

/ And whereas by the said Act (after reciting that a Bill was then depending in Parliament, for inflicting

4 certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, for certain

4 Breaches of public Trust, and high Crimes and Misdemeaners, commuted by them whilst they respec-

4 tively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Commitne of

4 the Settlement of Port St, George, on the Coast of Coromandel in the East Indies \ and therefore, to the

4 End that the Persons, and Estates real and personal, of the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter

* Perring Esquire, might be secured, so as to answer and be liable io Justite in Parliament), it was

4 enacted, That the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Liquire, or either of them, should

I4 not go or depart out of the Kingdom before the first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred

/ and eighty-threev and that they (hcu)d each of them respectively, before the 'l ime by the said Act*

4 limited, enter into certain Recognizances with Sureties in Manner and in the respective Penalties therein*

4 mentioned and described ; upon Condition that if either of them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, or

4 Peter Perring Esquire, who should enter into such Recognizance, should not go or depart out of this

4 Kingdom before the first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, then such*

4 Recognizance should be void, or otherwise the fame should remain in Force and in case either cf them,

4 should neglect to enter into such Recognizances within the limited Time, each of them so neglecting^

4 should be committed to the Prison of the Fleet for the Time mentioned in the said Act; or if either

4 of them {hould go or depart out of this Kingdom before the said first Day of February, one thousand seven,

4 hundred and eighty-three* each of them lo offending, and all Persons willingly aiding and assisting to

4 such Departure, should forfeit alL their EstatesAnd whereas several Provisions were contained in the

4 said Act for discovering the Estates and Effects of them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter

4 Perring Esquire, and for preventing the transporting, incumbering, or alienating the fame, until the

4 said first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, except as in the said Act

4 was excepted : And whereas the said Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on them the said Sir

4 Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, is still depending in Parliament, and it is therefore

4 expedient ih^t the said Act, made in the last Section of Parliament, which will be in Force only to the

:4 first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, should be continued, in order and

4 to the End that their Persons, and Estates real and peifonah may be secured, so as to answer and be liable to

* Justic? in Parliament May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That

the fa id recited Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for njlrnininz Sir Thomas

Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom, for a limited Time* and for

discovering

