144

'Vht Name,

f-iipiioa, it'd

1 Aace of-A bade*

of every Native

employed in the

Service of th?

Company, in

• ny judicial Off-

ice, &c, fha.ll bs

entered iu a

Btfnk.

bn tf/e Death of

iAy Person cm-

ployed by the

f.'umpDjir, hi-3

Nanr-e /hall be

entered in a

Book.

.All British Sub-

ject* /hall cn'er,

in the Provincial

Office,the Name

and Place of

Abode of their

native Stewards,

Agents, See,

Penoltjr on Bri-

tlfh Subj:£ts

f nploying sny

native Agent,

&c, not so rc-

fcilUxed.

Ko Native in*

tirled to toy Sa-

lary before he is

re^iflered.

Penalty on Bri-

tish European

Subjfdts en-

gaging in Trade

with native

Partners not re*

gi tiered.

74ow the Su-

preme Court

shall determine

Artiers between

M a homed an and

Centu Inhabit-

ants oi Calcutta,

The Authority

of Fathers and

Matters cf Fa-

milies, among

the Natives, to

bepreserved, Ac.

The Supreme

Court may frame

such Forms of

Process, Ac. in

Suits against the

Natives, at

shall suit their

Such Fcrrr.s to

be transmUteo Co

One of the Se-

CTftaries of State,

for his Majesty’i

Approbation,

C. 7.0a.

Anno vicesimo primo G e o r g i i III. A.D. 1781,

eighty-three* the Governor General and Council shall cause the Name, Description, and Place of ufuat

Abode, of ail and every Native employed in the Service of the East India Company in any judicial Office*

or as principal native Officer of any Distridt in the Collection of Revenue, or in any commercial Concerns

of the Company (except as herein-before excepted), to be entered in a Rook or Books alphabetically dif-

posed, distinguishing the Distridf in which the said Officers are employed ; of which Book or Books two

Copies shall be made, one of which shall remain in the Provincial Office, and the other of which shall be

registered in the Supreme Court; and the Governor General and Council are hereby required to remitter,

or cause to be registered, the Name of every Person who shall afterwards be appointed to succeed to any

Office vacant ornew created, within three Months of the said Appointment or Creation.

. XII. And be it further enacted. That whenever any Person or Persons shall happen to die, or shall be

removed from^any judicial Office or Employment whatsoever, in the Service of the East India Company*

the Name or Names of such Person or Persons so dying or removed, as aforesaid, shall be entered in a

Book or Books for that Purpose, to be kept in the Manner aforesaid.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every of his Majesty’s BritiJI) Subje£ls shall, in

like Manner, C3ufe to be entered in the Provincial Office of the District in which the said British Subject

doth most commonly reside, the Name, Description, and Place of Abode, of his native Steward or Stew-

ards, Agent or Agents, or Partner or Partners, in any Concern of Revenue or Merchandize (if any such

Steward, Agent, or Partner, he hath), and jn like Manner shall enter, or cause to be entered, within

three Months from the Time of Suecession or new Appointment, or new Partnership, the Names of him

or them who are dismissed, dead, or new appointed, in the said Provincial Office; and the President of

the said Council is directed to transmit, within three Months, to Calcutta the Name of every Person who

shall succeed to the said Employment or Partnership, for which a Fee of one Sicca Rupee for every Entry*

and no more, shall be paid to the Officer keeping the said Register.

XIV. . And be it further enacted, That if any British Subje£t shall beconvi£led, before the Supreme

Court, of employing any native Agent, or engaging with any native Partner, not registered as herein-

before is provided, or who shall be bona fide, and in Effect and Substance, such Agent or Partner (al-

though by Covin, Collusion, or Deceit, the fame may be covered and concealed, contrary to the true

Intent and Meaning of this Act), the said British Subject, if in the Company's Service, shall forfeit, on

Conviction, the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and if not in the Company's Service, shall forfeit one hun-

dred Pounds, to any Person suing for the fame.

XV. And it is hereby further enabled, That no Native shall, after the first Day of January, one thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty-three, be intitled to receive any Fee or Salary except from the Day of the

Date of his Registry.

• XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any British European Subject shall engage in any Concern of

Trade with a native Partner not registered as herein directed, the said British Subject shall not be intitled

to recover or receive any Sum or Sums of Money by reason of the said joint Concern, or to compel an

Account thereof, by any Suit in Law or Equity, in any Court within the said Provinces; and any Per-

son, prosecuting to Conviction, in the Supreme Court, a British Subject having a native Partner or Agent

not being registered as aforesaid, shall be intitled to, and shall recover, by due Process of the said Court,

the Whole of the Salary engaged for, and shall also be intitled to an Account and Receipt of the said

British Subject's Share of Profit of any Partnership entered into with any Person or Persons not conform-

ing to the Regulations of this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in

Bengal, shall have full Power and Authority to hear and determine in such Manner as is provided for that

Purpose in the said Charter or Letters Patent, all and all Manner of Actions and Suits against all and

singular the Inhabitants of the said City of Calcutta; provided that their Inheritance and Suecession to

Lands, Rents, and Goods, and all Matters of Contract and Dealing between Party and Party, shall be

determined, in the Cafe of Mahomedans, by the Laws and Usages of Mahometans, and in the Cafe of

Gcntus, by the Laws and Usages of Gentus\ and where only one of the Parties shall be a Mahomcdan or

Gentu, by the Laws and Usages of the Defendant.

4 XVIII. And, in order that Regard should be had to the civil and religious Usages of the said Natives,’

be itenaCfed, That the Rights and Authorities of Fathers of Families, and Masters of Families, according

as the fame might have been exercised by the Gentu or Mahomcdan Law, shall be preserved to them reflec-

tively within their said Families; nor shall any Acts done in consequence of the Rule and Law of Call,

respeoting the Members of the said Families only, be held and adjudged a Crime, although the fame may

not be held justifiable by the Laws of England.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Supreme Court of Judicature

at Fort William in Bengal, to frame such Process, and make such Rules and Orders for the Execution

thereof, in Suits civil or criminal against the Natives of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJd, as may accommodate

the fame to the Religion and Manners of such Natives, so (ar as the fame may consist with the due Exe-

cution of the Laws and Attainment of Justice. t

Religion and Manner#.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such new Forms of Process, and Rules and Orders for

the Execution thereof, shall be forthwith transmitted to one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State,

to be laid before his Majesty for his Royal Approbation, Correction, or Refusal ; and such Process shall

be used, and such Rules and Orders shall be observed, until the fame shall be repealed or varied, and in

the Eft Cafe, with such Variation as shall be made therein.

4 XXI. And whereas the Governor General and Council, or some Committee thereof, or appointed

1 thereby, do determine on Appeals and References from the Country or Provincial Courts in Civil causes

be

