138

Preamble

Any Price Offi-

cer may fee ore

Per/bns driving

Cattle through

the Streets of

London, Arc. in

an improper

Manner*

If the Party be

eonvifted before

a Justice, he

shall forfeit from

5 s, to 201. to the

Prosecutor.|

or be committed

to the House of

CorreOion, &c.

for one Month.

Persons not be-

ing Drivers of

Cattle who shall

pelt them with

Stones,&c. or set

Dogs at them,

without Leave,

may betaken be-

fore a Justice5

and on Convic-

tion shall forfeit,

to the Profecu-

for, from 51. to

10 s.

C. 67; Anno vicesimo primo G eorg 11 Ilf. A.D. 178 r,

FORM of B O N D to be given by the Nominee and his Surety, pursuant to the Direction of the said Att.

4 BLIGATION of the Bond (in the common Form of Obligations) from A. B. (defer ibing him as in

4 the last Form of Receipt) 2nd C. D* of etcetera (defer ibing the Surety), to (defer ibing

* the Ordinary) in the penal Sum of (to be double the Sum for which the Security is tobt

c given, etcetera, etcetera./

FORM of the Condition of the said Bond.

4 TH E Condition of the above Obligation is such. That if the said A. B. (naming the Nominee as before

4 * mentioned) shall and do justly and truly pay and account for the Sum of

* received by him this Day from C. D. being the Person to whom a Mortgage hath been this Day made

4 and executed of the Glebe, Tithes, Rents, and other Profits and Emoluments, of the Re&crry (Vicar-

4 age, etcetera, as the Cafe fall be) of for the Purpose of building (rebuilding, or repairing^

4 of the said Rectory, etcetera (as the Cafe fall be), according to the true Intent, and Meaning of two

4 several Acts of Parliament, passed in the seventeenth and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his Majesty

4 King George the T hird, for those Purposes; then this Obligation to be void, or otherwise to remain m

4 Force.

« A. B.

* C. D:

CAR LXVII.

An Act to prevent the Mlfchiefs that arise from Driving Cattle within the Cities of London and

Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Bills of Mortality.

* 'f X7*HEREAS the improper and cruel Manner in which Cattle are driven from Smithfield Market,

4 VV # within the City of London, through the Streets of the said City and Liberties thereof, the City of'

4 J^'ejlminster, and the Bills of Mortality, has occasioned great Mischief, and endangered the Lives of many

4 of his Majesty’s liege Subjects inhabiting thereinfor preventing whereof for the future, may it please

your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament affrmbled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the patting of this

Ad, if any Person or Persons, who (lull be hired or employed to drive any Cattle within the said Cities of

London ox Westminster, or the Liberties thereof, or the Bills of Mortality, shall, by Negligence or ill Usage

in the driving such Cattle, be the Means that any Mischief shall be done by such Cattle, or by any one or

more of them, which shall be committed to his, her, or their Care; or if any Driver or Drivers of Cattle,

within the Limits aforesaid, shall in anywise misbehave hi.nfelf, herself, or themselves, in the Driving,

Care, or Management of any such Cattle, by the improper driving, treating, or using of such Cattle;

then and in any of the said Cafes, and so often as any of them shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to

or for any Constable, or other Peace Officer, upon View thereof, or Information of any Person or Per-

fons (whoihall declarehis, her, or their Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, to the said Con-

stable or other Peace Officer), to seize and secure, by the Authority of this Act, and, without any other

Warrant, to convey such Offender or Offenders before fume Justice of the Peace of the said Cities of Lon-

don or IVejltninster, or within the Bills of Mortality; and the Party or Parties accused being brought before

such Justice within whose Jurisdiction the Offence shall be committed, such Justice shall proceed toexamine

upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such

Offence (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required toadminister); and if the Party or

Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Conftftion, or upon

such Information as aforesaid, he, (he, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding

twenty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to the Person or Persons who shall prosecute to Convidioni

any such Offender or Offenders*, and if the Person or Persons so convicted shall refuse, or nut be able

forthwith to pay the Sum forfeited, every such Offender shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of

feme Justice of the Peace, within whose Jurisdiction the Person offending shall be convicted, be committed

to the House of Correction, or some other Prison within the Cities of London or Westminster, or Liberties

thereof, or within the Bills of Mortality, within which the Offence shall have been committed, or the

Offender shall be apprehended, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one

Month.

II. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons, not being hired or employed to drive

Cattle within the said Cities of London or Westminster, or the Liberties thertof, or the Bills enf Mortality,

shall pelt with Stones, Brickbats, or by any other Means drive or hunt awa}’, or shall set any Dog or Dogs

at any Ox, Heifer, Cow, Steer, or other Cattle, without the Consent of the Owner of the fame, or his

Servant; then and in any of the said Cafes, and so often as any of them shall happen, it shall and may be

lawful to or for any Constable, or other Peace Officer, upon View thereof, or Information of any Person

or Persons who shall declare his, her, or their Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, to the said

Constable or other Peace Officer, to seize and secure, by the Authority of this Act, and, without any

other Warrant, to convey such Offender or Offenders before some Justice of the Peace of the said Cities

of London or JVcjhninJler, or within the Bills of Mortality 5 and the Party or Parties accused being brought

before such Justice, within whose Jurisdiction the Offence shall be committed, such Justice shall proceed 10

examine, upon Oath, any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information

touching such Offence (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised And required to administerj; and

GoogI<

