184- C. 27. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

For calling the Plaintiff and Defendant before the Court, Two-pence:

For every Execution against Body or Goods, one Shilling:

For every Commitment for Insults or Misbehvaiour in the Court, one Shilling.

By the G O A L E R.

By ihe Gioicr. For every Commitment, two Shillings,

Table of Fees

to be hungup in

lhcCourt-house.

Whole Fees in

any Cause li-

mited.

Penalty on Of-

ficers raking

greater Feel.

Fws to Deputy

Clerk *fccr»

tained.

No Commi'’-

fioner or Olficer

to act where in»

terellfd, or who

' shall fell Ale,

Ac.

No Attorney to

be a Commis-

fioner, or iniitled

to any Privilege*

this Court, or

employed as ao

Advocate.

Perfcm intuiting

the. Court to be

fined.

Cl

A Copy of which Table of Fees shall be hung up by the said Clerk in some conspicuous Place within the

salt) Court, so as all Perf mseonewned may eai'aly peruse and examine the fame.

XXVI. Provided always, That no greater Sum shall be demanded, taken, or received, for the Fees pay-

able upon any Cause, Which shall be heard and determined in the said Court, than six Shillings and Eleven-

pence by the said Clerk, and three Shillings and Eleven* pence by the said Serjeants; notwiinilanding the

Fees payable upon the Proceedings in such Cause may, according to the above Table of Fees, amount to

more than the said respective Sums.

XXVII. And be it futther enacted, That if the said Clerk, Deputy Clerk, or either of the said Ser-

jeants, or the said Goaler, {hall demand, take, or receive, any gieater Fees or Rewards than as before-

mentioned, for his Trouble and Services; and being thereof convicted, upon the Oath of any credible

V/itnefs, before the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them; cveiy Person offending herein

{hall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine, not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than Foiiy

Shillings, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall order, assess, and impose; the

fame to be applied either to the Relief of such Debtor or Debtors, who shall be then, or at any Time after,

by virtue of this Act, committed to the said Goal, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any three

or more of them, shall order and direct, or otherwise to be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish

wherein the Person paying such Fine shall, at the Time of his Conviction, reside, for the Ute of the Poor

of the same Parish, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners who shall impose such Fine; the fame to

be levied and recovered (if not paid on Demand) in like Manner as any Debtor Costs can or may be

levied or recovered, by virtue of this Act: And such Offence shall also be deemed a Mi(behaviour in such

Officer.

4 XXVIII. And in order to make Satisfaction to the Deputy Clerk of the said Court, so to be appointed

as aforesaid, for his Trouble and Services in the Execution of this AClbe it further en idled. That

whenever the said Deputy Clerk shall attend the said Court in the Stead or Absence of the Clerk, the said

Deputy Clerk shall be intitled to, and shall have and receive, one Half Part of the Fees payable, by virtue

of this Act, to the Clerk of the said Court, for all the Business which shall be done and transacled in the

said Court, upon all such Days as the said Deputy Clerk shall so attend, and the o'her Half Part of the

said P'ees shall he paid to the said Clerk. Provided always, That in case the Clerk to the said Court shall

pay to the Deputy Clerk the Sum of thirteen Shillings and Four-pence upon any Court Day previous to

the Sitting of the Court, for his Trouble in attending ihe Court in the Stead or Absence of the said Clerk

upon that Day; then the fame shall be accepted by the Deputy Clerk, in full for such his Attendance, and

the Clerk shall be intitled to, and shall be paid the Whole of the Fees payable by virtue of this Act to the

Clerk for the Business which shall on that Day be done and rranfaded in the said Court, and upon every

other Day, 6n which the said Sum of thirteen Shillings and Four-pence shall have been paid as aforesaid,

any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Person shall be capable of

ailing as a Commissioner, or as a Clerk, Deputy Clerk, or Serjeanr, in pursuance of this Act, in any Cafe

where he shall be concerned in Interest, or who shall keep any Victualling House, or other House of pub-

lick Entertainment, or shall fell Ale, Wine, Cyder, or Spirituous Liquors, by Retail: And that no At-

torney at Law, or Solicitor, shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act,

unless he shall be the Mayor, or one of the Aldermen, or Assistants, of the find C:ty; and that no Attor-

ney at Law, or Solicitor, appearing in the said Court, shall be allowed to plead or maintain any Privilege

against the Process, Authority, Jurisdiction, or Judgement thereof; nor (h<dl any Attorney at Law, or So-

licitor, be admitted to appear in the said Court as Attorney or Advocate on th- Behalf of any Plaintiff or

Defendant, to speak in any Cause or Matter before the said Court, in which such Attorney or Solicitor is

not himself a Party or Wimefs.

4 XXX. And, for better enforcing the Orders and Decrees of the said Commissioners, and forprevent-

4 ing Insult and Abuse in the said Court;’ be it further enacted, That if any Person shall affront, rnfult, or

abuse the said Commissioners, or any of them, or any of their Officers in the said Court, or in Execution

of their respective Offices, or shall interrupt or difiurb any of the Proceedings of the said Court, or shall

obstrudl, hinder, or prevent the Execution of any Process thereof; it shall boHawful for the said Commis-

sioners, or any three or more of them, to cause a Warrant to be issued by the Clerk, or Deputy Clerk, of

the said Court, directing the Serjeant or Strjeants of the said Court to app enend the Person so offending,

and to take him before the said Mayor or any Justice of the Peace for the Lid City; and such Mayor or

Justiceis hereby impowered, upon the Offence alledged against such Person being proved determined by the O.nhof

any credible Witness, to impose any Fine, not exceeding twenty Shillings, on the Person so offending;

which Fine shall be immediately paid into the Hands of the said Mayor or Justne, and shall be paid by

him to the Overseers f the Poor of the Parish wherein the Person committing the said Offence shall reside,

to be applied for the life of the Poor of the fame Pariflt And in Calc the Pc. son who shall hive committed

such Offence shall not pay such Fine as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Ma or or Just ice, determined by VV ar-

rant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender to the said Goal, there to remain for any 1 ime

exceeding three Days, or until he or she shall have paid the said Fine.

A"d

O

