258

Penalty on She*

rift's or their Of-

ficers making

Default ,

and also on Jo*

rorf.

In case t fuflv*

cient Jury shall

sot appear upon

Return of the

Warrant, Com*

missioner* may

•diourn the In-

quest, and issue

their Warrant

for summoning

other Jurors in

Room of De-

faulters,

Commissioners,

after the Inquest

shall te taken,

may adjourn, Ac*.

Commissioners

to give Notice

previous to their

rospective Meet-

ing*.

How they are to-

proeetd if Own-

ers make Default

in appearing,&c.

On Piyatent of

the Sums affriled

fey Jury, &c.

Trurtres to be

deemed seised of

the Premises,

ior the Use of

kiS Majesty,

Pumps, Wells,

Ac. (0 be free.

No private

building to be

etefted op00 any

landslected by

Ihii AO*

C. 8o<

Anno vieefimo fectindo Georgii III, A.D. 1782.

pannd, summon, and return, such Jury as aforesaid, and, at the Return of such Warrant or Warrants,

to attend the said Commissioners with his or their Bailiffs or Officers, to prove, if necessary, upon Oath

(which Oath the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer),

the summoning of the Jurors so to be impannelled and returned rcfoe&ively : And in case the said Sheriffs,

or either of them, and his or their Bailiffs or Officers, shall neglect or refuse, being, duly served with such

Warrant or Warrants fourteen Days or more before the Return thereof, to impannel, summon, and re-

turn such Jury, or shall not attend the said Commissioners with his and their Bailiffs or Officers, at the

Return of such Warrants as aforesaid ; then, and in either of the said Cafes, the said Commissioners, or

any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to impose a Fine upon such Sheriffs, Bailiffs,

and Officers, or either of them so making Default, not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds, '

for any one Offence; and if any Person so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, shall not appear

at the Return of such Warrant or Warrants, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn for the Purposes afore-

said, or being sworn shall depart without the Licence of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of

them, before the Verdict is given, or shall not give his Verdict, or in any other Manner neglect his Duty

in the Premises, in every such Cafe, the said Commissioners then aflcmhled or met, or any five or more of

them, may and are hereby impowered to set a Fine upon such Person so offending, and not having lawful

Excuse to be allowed by the said Commissioners then fitting, or the major Part of them, not exceeding the

Sum of ten Pounds upon any one Person for any one Offence ; all which Fines the said Commissioners are

hereby authorised and required to eftreat into his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, to be levied to the Use of

his Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case a sufficient Jury shall not appear upon the Return of the said

Warrant or Warrants to take the Inquest-, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or

more of them, from Time to Time to adjourn the Inquest to any future Day, not'exceeding fourteen

Days nor less than four Days from the Adjournment thereof, and to issue out their Warrant or Warrants

for impannelling, summoning, and returning an equal Number of Jurors to those so making Default, who,

together with the Jurors before returned by the said Sheriffs respectively, upon such second Warrant or

Warrants, or upon any future Warrant or Warrants, Adjournment or Adjournments, which the said

Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised to make from l ime to Time, until a

sufficient jury can be had, shall enquire as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That twelve good and lawful Men shall be sufficient to

take the Inquest aforesaid ; and that tn case twelve or more shall appear upon the Return of the said War-

rant or Warrants, then, and in such Cafe, the said Commissioners shall proceed to take the said Inquest,

and after the Inquest shall be taken may adjourn to some future Day for making their Judgements and

Decrees thereon.

VII. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall cause

Notice to be given in Writing of the Days appointed for the Meeting of such Jurors as aforesaid, fourteen.

Days at least before every such Meeting, which Notices shall be affixed at the Gates of the respective Docks

at rortfmouth and Chatham, and on the Door of the respective Town Halls of P ortfmouth and R:cht>(crr,

and shall like wife cause the fame to be publiftied in the London Gazrttt ; and if any Person or Persons (hill

not appear pursuant to such Norice, or shall refuse to shew his or their Deeds or Writings relating to the

Premises, that then the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and also the said Jury, shall pro-

ceed and determine, upon the best Information they can then procure oi obtain, to m ; Ice such Inquffte,.

Judgements, and Decrees, as before directed ; and all such Judgements and Decrees, being entered and

certified as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately from and after the Time

that Payments shall be made of the Sum and Sums of Money so to be agreed for or afflfT d by the hid Jury,.,

and decreed and adjudged determined by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to the Owners and Pro-

prietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments herein-before mentioned, or to any or either of

them, the Trustees herein-before mentioned shall be deemed and adjudged to stand seised of such Fait and

Parcel of the said Premises as shall be so paid for, ro and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue-

cessors, forever, freed and discharged of and from all and all Manner of Right, Title, Claim, and De-

mand whatsoever, that can or may be made by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ec-

clefiastical or Civil.

IX. And be it further ennfted, That all Pumps, Wells, and Springs for Water, comprized in any Part

of the Premises herein-before mentioned, shall be free and open to all Person and Persons lor such Right or

jntcreft therein as they or any of them may respectively have to make use of the fame, and to tr.kc the

Water therefrom ; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

* X. And whereas certain Parts of the said Lands, so vested by this Act, may be wanted only for the

* Purpose of restraining the Proprietors thereof from erecting any Buildings Structure, or Edifi-. e thereon,.

* which from 1 heir too great Vicinity may be prejudicial to the said Fortifications, erected or to be erected

* for the Defence of the Lid Dorksbe it therefore further enabled. That no private Building, Structure,

or Edifice, shall, at any Time after the passing of this A eft, be made or erected upon any of the Lands

so vested by this Act as aforesaid ; and that upon a Declaration being signed by the Master General or

principal Officers of the Board of Ordnance, containing the Specification of such Parcels as shall be wanted

only for the Purpose herein-before recited, Notice whereof shall be forthwith given to or left at the usual

Place of Abode of the Proprietors of such several Parcels, the Jury shall forthwith thereafter assess, instead

of the Value of the Lands herein-before mentioned, the Damages which in their Estimation such Pro-

prietor or Proprietors shall or may sustain by reason of such Reftiaint, and the Pr< perty, Poffiflion, and

beneficial Interest, of and in such Lands, subject to such Restriction as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be re-

placed in such Owners and Proprietors, of such Lands, for such Estates and Interests as they respectively,

