A.D. 1782.

Anno vice/Imo secundo Georgii III. C. 48. 213

ro*

ef-

\$

ise

\y

td

i*

sid

-C?

(f

ttf!

T

I*

fame Time there shall be paid a proportional Part of the Duty for such fractional Part of a Year (not being

less than the Quarter of a Year), as shall have elapsed from the said twenty-fourth Day of Juney one thou-

sand teven hundred and eighty-two j and on every Policy, upon which the Premium has been paid for more

Years than one Year, the said one Year’s Duty, and also the said proportional Part of the Duty for such

Fraction of a Year as aforesaid, shall be paid on or within fifteen Days after the Expiration of the Year

which, on the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be cur-

rent under such Policy; and the said Duties shall be afterwards payable yearly, during the Continuance of

such Policies, in the same Manner as is herein-before provided in respect to Policies of Insurance which

shall be granted after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two;

and the Person or Persons, who shall for the Time being be intitled to the Benefit of any such Policy as

shall have been granted before the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and

eighty two, shall accordingly pay or cause to be paid the said Duty to the Insurer or Insurers in such Po-

licy, in Maimer herein-before mentioned; or in case of any Default, such Policy shall be void, sofar as re-

gards the Insured, to all Intents and Purposes whatfeever.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case of any Policy of Insurance for less

Time than a Year, the insured Person or Persons shall be liable to pay only so much of the yearly Duty of

this Act, as shall bear aProportion to the Fraftion or Part of the Year for which such Policy isor(hall be given.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case of any Policy of Insurance for one or more

Year or Years, and Part of a Year, the insured Person or Persons shall, sofar as regards such Fraftionor

Part of a Year, only be liable to so much of the said yearly Duty as shall bear a Proportion to such Frac-

tion or Part of a Year, if the insured Person or Persons shall, on the first Payment of the said Duty, pay

as well the Proportion of the Duty for such FVa&ion or Part of a Year, as the Whole of the first Year’s

Duty; except a Fraction less than a Penny, which shall not be accounted for.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case of taking out a new Policy of Insurance

Fefore the Expiration of an old one, for the Sake of insuring a greater or different Sum, the fame propor-

tionable Abatement of the Duty, which under this Act shall accrue on the new Policy, shall be made, as

the Insurer or Insurers shall make in respect of the Premium of Insurance.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in respect to all Policies of Insurance which shall

befubfifting before the passing of this Act, if the insured Person or Persons in any such Policy shall, at the

Time of the passing of this Act, not be in any Part of Great Britain, all and every such Person and Persons

shall have one Month, to be computed from his, her, or their Return, for making the first Payment of the

Duty which shall become due from such Person or Persons by virtue hereof; and in the mean Time, and

until the Expiration of one Month from the Day of his, her, or their Return, the Policy and Policies of

all and every such Persons, notwithstanding any Default of Payment of the Duty imposed by this Act,-

shall be in full Force as if this Act had not been made.

i XVIII. And whereas in the Cafe of Insurances against Loss by Fire for seven Years, or any Number

of Years more than one Year, the Persons whose Property is insured frequently pay, on taking out a Po-

Itcy of Insurance, one.entire Sum as the Premium for the whole Term, instead of paying an annua]

c Premium; and in such Cafes it may be convenient to pay the Duty hereby imposed for the whole

1 Term of the Policy by one Payment in the same Manner -r9 be it therefore enacted, That it shall be law-

ful for all and every Body and Bodies Politick or Corporate, and Person and Persons, being Insurers against

Loss by Fire, within this Act, to take by one Payment the Duty hereby imposed for the whole of the Term

for which the Policy bath been or shall be granted, if the Person or Persons whose Property shall be in-

sured shall so desire; and in Consideration of such prompt and immediate Payment of so much of the said

Duty as by the Terms of this Act would not be payable til) a future Time, and in every such Cafe, such

Insurer or Insurers shall have Authority to make the fame proportional Abatement of the Duty as the said

Insurer or Insurers hath or have made, or shall make, in Consideration of receiving the Premium for the

whole Term of Insurance by one Payment.

4 XIX. And whereas it frequently happens that the Property of Persons insuring for Terms of Years

1 cease and determine before the Expiration of the Term, for which the said Insurance was made,’ be ir en-

acted, That where the Property of a Person insured for a Term of Years, shall terminate or cease before

the Expiration of the Teim for which such Insurance was made, that the Commissioners of the Stamp-

duties may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, upon Proof made of the Truth of the said

Kaft, to allow and pay back to the Person or Persons respectively appointed to receive the said Tax as

aforesaid, so much of the said Duty or Tax as shall appear to have been paid for the unexpired Term of

the said Insurance.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politick or Corporate, or other

Person and Persons, which or who, under this Act, shall obtain a Licence for any Office of Inftirance,

shall, from Time to Time, keep a true and faithful Account in Writing, in which shall be inferred the

Number of the Policy, or Instrument of insurance, wAich, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of

June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be issued or granted by such Body or Bodies Poli-

tick or Corporate, or Person or Persons, the Name or Names of the Person or Persons insuring, with the

Place or Places of his, her, or their Abode, the Sum insured, and the Time for which the fame is in-

sured; and also the Day of the Month, and the Date of the Year, in which such Policy Avail be issued ;

which said Account shall, at all Times, be open for the Inspection of any PeFfon or Persons duly autho-

rifed, under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners for the Stamp-duties, or the major Part of them,

to inspect the fame.

XXL And be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politick or Corpora^, and other

Person or Persons, who or which shall have any Licence under this Act for an Insurance Office within

London or Westminster, or within five Miles of either of them, whether the-Licence of such Body or Bodies

PoLttfTT'

g VJ

Policies far lefr

than a Year to

pay proportion-

as also those for

t Year or Years,

and Pan of a

Year.

How the Doty

foal! be paid cir

new Policies

taken out before

the Expirat ion of

the old ones.

Cliufe relative to

insured Peuons

not resident in

Great Britain*

When the Id-

furance Money,

on talcing out a

Poiicy, is paid

for several Years,

the Insurer may

receive 1 he Duty

for the fame

Term, dec.

When the Pro-

perty of the ln-

lured fojIJ cease

before the Expi-

rat.on of his Po-

lity, the Over-

plus Money to be

returned.

A true Account

to be kept at each

Insurance Othce,

of the Polices

granted, and to

whom, &c.

Dir'ion* rel

tive to IVrt.’n?

haviru L cr f s

for

OO

