92

The Money so

allowed to the

con-iron Drevver

how to be ie-

p!aced.

This Act not to

abridge the Pow-

er? of the Excite

Officers,

Ail the Power*,

Ac. pranlH by

lnmicr -A<ltff te-

lating to the Re-

venue ot txcile

upon Ever, anJ

other L poors,

iball be applied

in executing this

Act.

Penalty on sf*

faulting Othcen

in executing this

Act.

Pmalttes and

Forfeitures hotr

to be recovered

and applied.

Juc?gm?nte of

Commiihoni-rs

of EvifcjOr Juf-

tices of Peace, in

( onderrnation

of extifeable

Co' d«, shall be a*

hn.il a? ar.y such

Jutg'r.ent in the

Exchequer.

Judgments of

Com mi flippers,

Arc. liable lo

Appeal in cer-

tain Cafes,

I.imi'ation of

Actions.

Perform feed in

executing this or

any othrr Act

to Ex-

el fe Dufier, m:y

j/Je.d the (>n«r-

i.il JfTne, and rc-

■tuvcrUcbkCXfls.

C. 55.’

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III, A. £>. 1781,

Allowance, so to he made and set off as aforesaid, the respective Commissioners of Excise are hereby

authorised to make and allow accordingly.

XLII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever

Sum or Sums of Money shall be so allowed or set off as aforesaid to any such Brewer, or Maker of Beer or

Ale for Sale, shall be replaced to the Duties on Beer or Ale out of the first Monies that shall arise and be

received from and upon Account of the additional Duties on Malt by the said Act imposed, in Pieference

to all other Payments whatever.

XLIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall ex-

tend, or be constiutd to extend, to take away or leilen any of the Powers or Authorities heretofore given

to the Officers of Excise, and for the Inland Duties, by any Law or Laws now in Force relating to the

said Duties.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers and

Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things,

which, in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled.

An Ai7 for taking away the Court of ll'ards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and

Purveyances and for settling a Revenue upon Lis A laic fly in lieu thereof), or by any other Law now m force

relating to his Majesty’s Revenue of Fxcise upon Beer, Ale, or ether Liquors, are provided, settled, or

cttablished, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or re-

covering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detect-

ing, and punching Frauds relating thereto (other than in such Cafes for which other Penalties or Provisions

are prescribed by this Act), shall be exercised, practised, applied, tiled, and put in Execution, in and for

the managing, raising, levying, colliding, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering, and paying

the feveial Duiics hereby grained, as fully and tffeftually, to all Intents and Purposes, as it all and every

the f lid Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitutes, Clauses, Matters, and.

Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this pi dent Act.

XLV. Ami be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Perffin or Persons whatsoever

shall assault, refill, oppose, mokft, or hinder, any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of

the Powers or Authorities given or granted to such Officer or Officers by this Act, every Pci Ton or Persons

so doing shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty rounds.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, anil Forfeitures,

imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, or mitigated by such Ways, Means and Methods, av

any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, or mitigated, by any I.aw or Laws of

Fxcise, or by Aftffin of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his M ajeityk Courts of Record at J! cjl~

tninjler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively ; and that one Moiety of every such fine.

Penalty, or Forfeitme, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or

them who shall ddcover, infi rm, or sue for the same.

XLVIl. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Judgments of the

Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, for the Con !cm-

nation of any Commodities, Goods, or Effects, seized as forfeited under this or any other Act or Acts of

Parliament relating to the Duties of Excise, or other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners

of Excise, shall be, and shall be deemed and taken to be, as final and conftuiive, to all Intents and Pur-

poses whatsoever, as any Judgment for the Condemnation of any Commodities, Goods, or Effects given

in his M Jetty's Court of Lxcht quer.

XLVIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That such Judgments of the

Commissioners of ixcise, and Justices of the Peace refjxftii t !y, shall be ffihp ft and liable to Appeal in

all Cafes in which any Appeal is by any Act or A ft s of Parliament given or allowed ; any Tiling herein

contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XLIV, And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Aral],

at any Time or 'Limes, be iued or prosecuteJ for any Act or Thing by him or them done or executed by

virtue or in pursuance of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties of Excise, or

Inland Duties, such Action or ProCcution shall be commenced within the bpace of three Months next

after the Act or Thing done, and which shall be sued in the proper County ; and furh Person or Persons

shall and may plead the General lifue, and give this Act and the special Matt- r in Evidence for his or their

Defence; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs, in such Action or Suit, shall discontinu? his or their Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall

be given agaiftt him or them on Demurrer or other wise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have

treble Colts to him or them awarded against such Piaffi: ft or Plaintiffs.

4 ]j And whereas by an Act made in this orftent Sefiffin of Parliament (intituled, An Act for granting

4 to his Afe.jfty an additvrwl Duty upon the Prod.,re of the several Duties under the Management f the resprch

4 ive Cornu: fdoners of the Excise in Cheat Britain), it \va-, amonp.il other 'Things, provided, That 11 >tr. 1 ng

4 in the said Act contained should extend, or be construed to extern i, to chuge w.tn the additional Duty

4 thereby granted the Produce or Amount of the Duties upon Candles mat e in Great Entrant And

4 whereas by one other Act, rmde in tnc ninetenih Year of his laid present M »j, fly’s R«on (intituled. An

4 A'dfor granting to his A'd flfly additional Duties upon the Produce of the fever ai Duties uncLr thcMunage inert of

4 the respective Commijficmn of the Cujlcms and Excise in Great Britain), it was, amongst other 1 hmgs,

4 provided, That nothing in the said Act contained should extend, or be construed to extend, to charge

4 with the additional Duty thetehy granted the Produce or Amount of the Duties payable for I allow

4 Candles; And whereas it was the Meaffing and Intention of the said before-recited Act, made in this

4 present deffion cf Parliament, that the Exemption of the additional Duty of live Pounds per Centum

4 ihouid. extend only to I'alloy/ Candles made in Great Britain, in like Manner as the Exemption by ffie

X lain

"*

