A.D. ijSt. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C. 59, 60.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it (hull and may be lawful for the fakJ

Commi/Roners for Trade and Plantations to make such further Rulcsand Orders for the said bounties, and

for preventing Abuses theicin, as they shall think, expedient, according to the true Intent and Meaning of

this Act.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That furh reason^blc Allowances shall be made to

the Clerks of the Peace respectively, for what they shall do and perform m their ieipective Offices for and

towards the carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act, as the Justices, at their respecltve Quarter

bc/Iions, shall from Time to Time order and direct.

XiV, Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority a fore fa id, That the faiJ recited A<3s

of the seventh and tenth Years of his Majesty’s Reign, shall continue and ue in lull Force in all RefpsCU,

except in so far as the same are hereby altered or varied.

X VC And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act (hill continue and be in Force for and

during the full Term of five Years from the fi<ft Day of Augr.ft^ in the Year one th ufand seven hundred

and cighiy-cwo, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Pailiamenu

C>> Tm.lili >'*er<

cr» ly tt.uk f ir-

t:Wr Roles rc»

lati.p to th-

B >unies

Ah iv. a nc<r' l > be

ii'.-’tie t-» tt.f

Clerks of the

Peace.

T he r c:re I A fts

to conniire in

Furce, e*ceyt

where ahcreJ.

C.«n'irvi *r.cc of

ill.s Act,

CAP. LIX.

An Act fox enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein

mentioned.

CAP. LX.

An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng-

land, for advancing the Sum of two Millions, towards the Supply for the Service of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

4 T Y 7 HEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her hre Ma- Prem.bJe.

VV jessy Queen Anney intituled, An Act for enlarging the capital Stick of the Bank of England; and for

4 raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and nine, it was *

4 declared 2nd enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors 41 ’

4 for ever, should continue and be one Body Corporate and Politic, and {hould for ever have, receive, and

4 enjoy, the entire yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds therein mentioned, out of certain Rates

and Duties of Excise therein described, and such Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises,

4 Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages, as are therein expressed; subject nevertheless to a

4 Power and Condition of Redemption, in that Act contained in that Behalf: And it was thereby pro-

4 vided and enabled, That at any Time, upon twelve Months Notice, after the first Day of August, which

4 should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, and not before; and

4 upon Repayment by Parliament, to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their

4 Succcflois, of the several Sums, amounting to one million six hundred thousand Pounds" therein men-

4 tioned, without any Deduction, Discount, or Abatem-nt whatsoever to be made out of the said Sum of

4 one million six hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof; and upon Payment to the said Governor

and Company, and their Successors, of all Arrears of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum%

and al! the Principal and Interest Money which should be owing unto them upon all such Tallies, Ex-

4 chequer Orders, or Parliamentary Funds, which the said Governor and Company, or their Successors,

4 should have remaining in their Hands, or be intitled to, at the Time of such Notice to be given as afore-

4 said (such Funds for Redemption whereof other Provision was made in the fame A<fl only excepted); then,

and in such Cafe, and not till then, the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds should cease

and determine, as by the said Act (Relation being thereunto had) may more plainly appear: And

4 whereas, by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of her said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

4 An At1 to raise twelve hundred thousand Pounds for public Uses, by circulating a further Sum in Exchequer Recital of tti

4 Bills y and for enabling her Majesty to raijc five hundred thousand Pounds on the Revenues appointed for Uses 11 An‘

4 offer Civil Government, to be applied for or towards Payment of such Debts and Arrears owing to her Servants^

4 Tradefmeny and others, as are therein mentioned \ the before-recited Proviso or Condition for determining

the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, upon twelve Months Notice after the said first

4 Day of AuguJ?, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, upon such Payments as aforesaid* was

4 thereby repealed and made void: And it was thereby provided and enacted, That at any Time, upon

4 twelve Months Notice, after the first Day of August y which should be in the Year of our Lord one

4 thousand seven hundred and forty-two, and not before; and upon Repayment by Parliament, to the said

4 Governor and Company of the Bank of England*, or their Successors, of the said Sum of sixteen hun-

4 dred thousand Pounds, without any Deduction, Discount,. or Abatement whatsoever, and upon Pay-

4 ment to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, of all Arrears of the said one hundred

thousand Pounds per Annunty and all the Principal and Interest Money which should be owing to them

4 upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, or Parliamentary Funds, which the said Governor and Com-

4 pany, or their Successors, should have remaining in their Hands, or be intitled to at the Time of such

4 Notice to be given as aforesaid (such Funds for Redemption whereof other Provision is made in the said

4 former Acts, or any of them, or in the said recited Act, always excepted); then, and in such Cafe*

and not till then, the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds should cease and determine: And

4 it is also further provided and enacted, Thar, from and after such Redemption of the said one hundred

1 thousand Pounds per Annum, and from and after Redemption should be made by Parliament of the An-

nuity of one hundred and six thousand five hundred 2nd one Pounds* thirteen Shillings and Five-pence*

O 2 4 by

