The TITLES of the STATUTES.

*08. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

• Act, made in the second Year of the Reigrt of his present

Majesty King Gtorgt the Third, intituled, An Act for

widening, repairing, and amending the Road from Hefket,

by Yewes Bridge, to Cocker mouth ; and from thence, by

Lorton, over Whinbtter to Keswick, in the County of

Cumberland; and from Keswick, by Dummaii Rays and

; Amblefide, to Kirby in Kendall, in the County 0/Weft-

morel and; and from Plumbgarth’s Cross, near Kirby in

Kendall aforesaid, to the Lake called Windermere, in the

County 0/Westmoreland; and from Keswick aforesaid, to

■ theTowrtofYcnfxth, in the County ^Cumberland.

109. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

for altering, widening, and amending the Road from the

North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Cow

Down, through Whitchurch, and ether Places, to New-

town River ; and also the Road from Worthy Cow Down

aforesaid, through Wherwell, to the present Turnpike Road

at Andover, in the County ^Southampton,

lie. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two

Acts, made in the seventh Year of King George the First,

and the eighth Year of King George the Second, for re-

pairing the Road from Saint Giles’s Pound to ICilbourne

Bridge, and for paving Oxford Road; and also of an Act,

ihade +n the twenty-ninth Year of King George the

Second, to enable the respeStive Trustees of the Turnpike

Roads leading to HighgateGate House and Hampstead, and

from Saint Giles's Pound /^Ki) bourne, to make a new Road

from the Great Northern Road at Illington to the Edge ware

Road near Paddington; so far as the fame is by the said

Act directed to be under the Management of the Trustees

of the said two fiift-mentioned Acts.

til. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers of two Acts made in the second and

twenty-htth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, /sr

repairing the Highways between Sheppards Shord and

Horftey Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in

the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the High-

ways thereunto adjacent.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 23 Georgii III.

?. \ N Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

/I Open amd Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands

and Grounds, in the Parish of Turvey, in the County of

Bedford.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields within

theTownship of Bernard Castle, in the County of Durham.

3. An Act for inclosing Dunnington Heath, within the Ma-

nor of Priors Salford, in the County of Warwick.

4. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields,

and a Parcel of Meadow Ground, within the Township

of North Deighton, in the County of York.

5. An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open

and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows,

Common PaftuTes, and Commonable Places, within the

Parish of Hcytesbury% in the County of Wilts.

6. An Act for naturalizing jWw Daniel Frederick Ruete.

7. An Act for naturalizing David Emanuel Fufnacht,

8. An Act for naturalizing Ephraim Rinbotd Seehl.

9. An Act for naturalizing Stephen Gideon Renaud and John

Francis Daniel Renaud.

10. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the twenty-second

Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act

for inclosing and leafing a Piece of Waste Land called The

Marsh, within the Parish and Borough 0/* Newcastle under

LymZyin the County ^Stafford ; and applying the Profts

3

thereof in Aid of the Poor's Rates of the said Parish and

Borough.

11. An Act for naturalizing David Piffard.

12. An Act for vesting the Manor, or reputed Manor, of

Vintners, otherwise Vinters, the Mansion House, and cer-

tain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent,

being Part of the settled Effaces of the Right Honourable

Robert Lord Ongley, of the Kingdom of Ireland, in Truf-

tees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies arising

by such Sale in the Purchase of other Meflbages, Lands,

and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the

like Uses.

13. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance

of several Pieces or Parcels of Land in or near the Parrfti

of Peterjham, formerly Part of the Park there, called

Richmond Park ox New Parky in the County of Surrey, to

Thomas Pitt Esquire, and his Heirs, for a full and valuable

Consideration.

14- An Act for enabling William Pulteney Esquire, to grant

Leases of certain Estates in the County of Middlesex and

City of London.

15. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Common-

able Lands, within the Manor and Township of Stanford,

in the County of Berks.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several

Town-fields, Commons, Moors, ami Waste Grounds,

and Stinted Land, within the Manors of Henjhaw and

Melkeridge, in the Parish of Haltwhijlle, in the County

of Northumberland.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable

Lands and Grounds, in Roofs in Holderness, in the East

Riding of the County of York.

18. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable

Places, in the Parish of Burton Hastings, in the County

of IVanvick.

19. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving a certain

Common, or Waste Ground, within the Parish of Staun-

ton upon Wye, in the County of Hereford, and for extin-

euiftling the Right of Common upon certain inclosed

Lands within the said Parish.

20. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Williams, of

the City of Exeter, Gentleman, with Elizabeth his now

Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other

Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act to enable Richard Newman Harding Esquire,

and his first and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of their

Bodies, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of

Newman, pursuant to theWill of Richard Newman Esquire,

deceased.

22. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Hankey Esquire,

with Elizabeth Thompson, his now wife, and to enable

him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

23. An Act for naturalizing John Urban Reybaz and Alex-

ander Aubert.

24. An Act for naturalizing John James Tourneifen

2^. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and other Commonable Land, within the

Parish of Church Lench, in the County of Worcester.

26. An Act to enable John Browne Esquire, and his Issue

Male, to take and use the Surname of Selby, pursuant to

the Will of William Selby Esquire, deceased.

27. An Act for naturalizing Christian Hinrich Ruther.

28. An Act for impowering Nigel Bowyer GrejUy Esquire,

to lease Part of his settled Estates in Staff ordshire, purfu-

ant to an Agreement entered into with George Parker,

and others, Iron Mailers; and also, to grant Leases ot

Lands and Mines within the same Estates.

29. An

e

