I5° C*74—76. Anno viceCmo primo Georgi III. A.D. 1781.

of Amends, this A&, and the Special Matter, in Evidence; and if, upon the Trial of the faiJ Cause*

the Jury shall find the Amends io tendered to have been lulhcient, then they shall give a Verdict for the

Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdu'l, or in case a Vcidict or Judgment shall he given for tnq

fetid Defendant or D; kndanfs, c»r it the Plaintiff 01 Plaintiffs shall hicoms mmtuited, or oikojilinue his,

her, or their Actions, the said Defendant or Defendants shall be intitled to double Cods,

N* Actioni but XXIII. Ai d be it further enacted by the Authority aforefnd, That no Action or Suit {hall be recover-

rrpVir*nfh?U a^c m Votirt by v‘ftuc ot or under this Act, Actions ut Dvbt and upon /jumfjit only excepted.

lc rcccvualic under tbi: Adf.

T>rfnre? of this XXIV. And be it further enndted. That all the Charges and Expences of procuring and passing this

/wti.jwiotc Act shall he pbd, fatbtwa, and discharged, out of the fir it Monies arsfing Iron the Fees which shall bq

*ai<i- raised as afoietaid, by virtue or in pursuance* of this Act.

Public Act. XXV. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act (hill be deemed, adjudged,

and taken ;v; a Public Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, JulLces, and other

Persons whomsoever, without the fame being specially pleaded.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for erefling a new Gaol, and for removing certain Gateways, in the City of Ghucester \ and foe

amending the several Acts pilleii for the Maintenance and Support of the Po>r of the said City, and

lighting, patirg, and regulating the Streets there.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for appointing new Comm i (honors for continuing to carry in*o Execution the Tr 11 (Is and Powers

of an Act pallid in ttu* fourth and filth Years of the K? ?gn of ner Lie Majesty Queen June, intirtiled,

/in /cl for making the K\iver Stower navigable, from the '1 own of Mantngtrce, in tie County of LiLx, to

theToun f tnnUnny, in the County cj fcunoik, in the Room and PD.ce of those named in thy said Act

who aie iiuce dead; and for explaining and amending the said Act; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act fur building a new Church and Rcciorv Huifc within the Pnrish of Efcrick, in the County of

It tv k; at.d for confirming an Agreement with ihc Rector of the saul Parish, lor exchanging and exO-

iterating from Tythes ccitain Lands and t enements in L.jernk aforesaid.1

