A.D. 1782. .Anno vicesimo lfccundo Georg 11 III. C. 46, 47.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be liable to any Forfeiture or Penalty in- Umhauon of

(lifted by this Act, unless a Prosecution- shall be commenced within twelve Calendar Months after such Atiloau

Penalty or Forfeiture shall be incurred.

. CAP. XLV I.

An Act to enable.his Majesty to conclude a Peace or Truce with certain Colonies in North

America therein mentioned.

* \X7HEREAS it is essential to the Interests, Welfare, and Profperftyof Great Britain^ and of the

4 VV Colonies or Plantations of New Hampshire, Majfachujets Bay, Rhode ljland% Connecticut) New

4 Yorkx New Jeffey% Pensylvania, the three Lower Counties on Delazvare, Maryland, Virginia, North

4 Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, in North America, that Peace, Intercourse, Trade, and Com-

4 merce, should be restored between them : Wherefore, and for a full Manifestation of the earnest Wish

4 and Desire of his Majesty and his Parliament to put an End to the Calamities of War/ be it enacted by

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Gonfent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern-

8oral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it

jail and may be lawful for his Majesty to treat, consult of, agree, and conclude, with any Commissioner

or Commissioners, named or to be named by the said Colonies or Plantations, or any of them respectively,

or with any body or Bodies Corporate or Politick, or any Assembly or AlUmblies, or Defcripcion of Men,

or any Person or Persons whatsoever, a Peace or a Truce with the said Colonies or Plantations, or any of

them, or any Part or Parts thereof; any Law, Act or Acts of Parliament, Matter, or Thing, to the con-

trary in any wise notwi'hstanding.

11. 4 And, in order to obviate any Impediment, Obstacle, or Delay, to the carrying the Intentions of

4 his Majesty and his Parliament into Effect, which might arise from any Act or Acts of Parliament

4 affecting or relating to the said Colonies or Plantations/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That, for the concluding and establishing of a Peace or Truce with the said Colonies or Plantations,.or

any of them, his Majesty shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, by his Letters

Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to repeal, annul, and make void, or to suspend, for any

Time or Times, the Operation and Effect of any Act or Acts of Parliament which relate to the said Co-

ionics or Plantations, or any of them, so far as the fame do relate to them, or any of them, or any Part

or Parts thereof, or any Clause, Provision, or Matter therein contained, so far as such Clauses, Pro-

visions, or Matters relate to the said Colonies, or Plantations, ox any of them, or any Part or Parts

^hereof.

III. And b? it further enacted, That this Act, as to the Exercise of the Powers and Authorities hereby

given to his Majesty, shall continue to be in full Force until the fjrft Day of Jufyj one thousand seven

hundred and eighty-three.

Preamble*

His Majesty im-

pov/ered to con-

c'u'ie a Peace or

Truce wi»h the

CoJomes in

North America \

and, for that

Purpofr, to re-

peal, or to

pend the Opera-

tion of any Acts

lo tar as they

relate to the said

Colonies.

Continuance of

this Alt*

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for licensing Lottery Office Keepers, and regulating the Sale of Lottery

Tickets.

4 \T7 HER E AS all Lotteries, except such as are permitted by Act of Parliament, are contrary to

4 VV- Law, and punishable under various Statutes of this Realm : And whereas, to prevent the Abuse

4 of such Lotteries as for the Time being are established by Act of Parliament, it is fit that there should be

4 a permanent Regulation, both of the Keepers of Lottery Offices, and of the Sale of Lottery Tickets:

4 And whereas it is become a common Practice in London, and other Places of Great Britain, to have Of-

4 ces for felling Tickets in Lotteries established in Ireland, by Irish Acts of Parliament: And whereas it is

4 thought expedient to allow of the felling such Irish Tickets within Great Britain, on the Terms of hav-

4 ing the Sale of them under the fame Regulations as are herein-after appointed for Tickets in Lotteries

4 eftubliflied by Britiff) Acts of Parliament*/ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That it shall be lawful to buy and fell, within all Parts of Great Britain (except with.n the Univer-

fmes of Oxford and Cambridge), any Ticket or Tickets in any Lottery or Lotteries now authorised or

hereafter to be authorised by any Irish Act cf Parliament, or any Share or Shares of any Ticket or

Tickets in any such Irish Lottery or Lotteries, in the same Manner as if such Irish 1'ickets were Tickets

in a Lottery established by an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain.

II. And be it further enaftcJ, That no Person or Persons shall, publickly or privately, open, set up,

exercise, or keep, by himself or her ft If, or any other Person or Per ions, any Office for buying, felling, or

otherwise dealing in any Tickets, or for registering the Numbers of any Tickets in the Lottery authorised

by any Aftof the present Section of Parliament, or in any Lottery which shall be authorised by any future

Act of Parliament ; or in any Lottery now established, or hereafter to be established, by any 7/7/7; Act of

Parliament; or shall, by Writing, Printing, or otherwise, pubiifli the setting up, or using any such

Office, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose from the Commissioners for managing the

Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment,- and Paper, for the Time being, in Manner herein-after

mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any three of them, are hereby impow-

«red and required, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to grant a Licence for an Office for felling/aqd

dealing

VJr\

Preamble* }

Inti)

may be 1 l.l in

the fame Mao-'

nrr .i> firtish

Ticket;.

No Person to

kr*'7> a ],->nery.

cHlce \v thout

taking out a Li-

cence from the

St amp-office.

Each licence I

ct. il 501*

>og!e

