A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georg 11 III. C. 83. 277

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Visitor, Guardian, or Governor, shall fell or furnish any

Materials, Goods, Clothes, Victuals, or Provisions, or do any Work in his Trade for the Use of any

Workhouse, Poor House, or poor Persons, within any Parish, Township, or Place, for which he shall be

so appointed to act, or be concerned in Trade or Interest with any Person or Persons who shall fell, pro-

vide, do, or furnish the fame, he shall, for every Aich Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds,

nor less than five Pounds, on being dulyconvifted thereof by a Tuftice of the Peace.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it {ball and may be lawful for the Guardians of the Poor of any

Parish, Township, or Place, which shall adopt the Provisions of this Act, with the Approbation of the

Persons within such Parish, Township, or Place, qualified as herein-before mentioned, omained at a pub-

lick Meeting, held for that Purpose, to fell or dispose of any House, Cottage, or Building, which shall have

been crested or purchased*lor the Use of any poor Person or Persons, at the Expence of such Parish,

Township, or Place, and apply the Money arising therefrom for the Purposes of this Act ; and also to re-

move, by Order from a Justice or Justices of the reace, the Person or Persons who shall inhabit the fame,

or any other House or Dwelling rented or provided at the Expence of such Parish, Township, or Place, if

he, (he, or they refuse to quit, after receiving fourteen Days Notice for that Purpose.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to

oraffeft, or be deemed, construed, or adjudged to extend toor affect, any Parish, Township, or Place,

which shall not agree to adopt the Provisions herein contained, in the Manner hereby directed and pre-

scribed ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLV, And be it further enacted. That all Penalties inflicted by this Act shall be recovered before one

or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Jurisdiction where the Offender dwells; who shall, upon

Conviction, in Default of Payment, after due Summons, and Demand made, cause the fame to be levied

by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and

Seal of any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction where such Offender shall dwell, rendering to the said

Offender the Overplus (if any) after the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted 5 and in case

Sufficient Distress shall not be found, then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for any

such Justice of the Peace to commit such Offender to the House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail

orMainprize, for any Space not exceeding six Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month; and

that every such Penalty and Forfeiture, if not hereby otherwise directed to be disposed of, shall be paid to

the Treasurer of every such House or Houses, where any such shall be established under the Authority of

this Act, to be applied by him towards defraying the monthly Expences of Victuals, Beer, Firing, and other

necessary Provisions for the Poor within such House or Houses.

XLVI. And be it further enacted. That any Person aggrieved by the Act of any Justice or Justices of

the Peace out of Sessions, in or concerning the Execution of this Act, may appeal to the next General

Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Liberty, Division, Precinct, or District, wherein

• such Act was done, giving eight Days Notice thereof to the Party against whom the Complaint shall be

made, and giving Security, by Recognizance, to be acknowledged before a Justice of the Peace, with a

sufficient Surety, to pay the Costs attending such Appeal, if the Matter shall be determined against the

Appellant; and the Justices ar such Quarter Sessions are hereby authorised to hear and determine such Ap-

peal, and to award Costs, for or against the Appellant, as they shall fee just Cause so to do; which Deter-

mination shall be final, and shall nor be removed by Certiorari.

XLVII. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be aPublick Act; and

shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without

specially pleading the same.

Penalty on Vifi-

tori. Guard;ini,

and Governors,

who (hallfurnift

Provisions, See.

for the Poor

House to which

they belong.

Guardians, with

the Approbation

of the Parfli-

inners, may fell

Houses provided

by the Parish for

the Poor thereof.

This Act not to

extend to any

Place which shall

not adopt Yhe

Provisions.

thereof.

Penal tier and

Forfeitures how

to be recovered

and applied.

Persona ag-

grieved may ap-

peal to the Quar-

ter Sessions ;

whose Determi-

nation shall be

final.

Publick A&•

Schedule, containing the Forms of Proceedings referred to by the

aforesaid Act.-

N° I.

FORM of AGREEMENT at a Publick Meeting, for a single Parish or Township

to adopt the Provisions, Rules, and Regulations, of an Act, made in the twenty-second

Year of George the Third, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

IT is agreed, at a publick Meeting duly holden this Day of at in the County of

pursuant to the Directions of an Act, made in the twenty-fecund Year of King George the

Third, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, That the Parish [or TownshipJ of

[as the Cafe JhalL be] shall from henceforth adopt, in all Refpcfts, the Provisions, Rules, Orders, and Regu-

lations, and comply with all the Requifues prescribed by the said Act; and that our Workhouse [if there is

one] shall be immediately fitted up and accommodated for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act. [If

there is none] We will forthwith provide a pioper Workhouse, either by erecting a new one, or hiring,

altering, and fitting up Buildings suitable to the Purpose, at some convenient Place within our Parish,

etcetera And we recommend to the Consideration of the Justices " and as fit and

proper Persons for Guardians of the Poor ; and and as fit and proper Persona

for Governors of the Poor House, for the said Parish, Township, etcetera [as the Cafe shall beJ.

Given under our Hands, etcetera.

N# IL

1C

