The TITLES of the STATUTES.

certain Communications within the said Parish of Saint

George,

$7* An Act for paving, and freeing from Nuisances and

Annoyances, the several Streets, Ways, and Places,

within the Parish of Saint Anne* in the County of Mid-

dlefeXi and ^ueen-street and London-street, in the Hamlet

of Rateliffey within the said Parish*, and for making

Ways and Streets into the Street called Rifby’s Rope-

groundy and through or across Shoulder of Mutton Alleys

and a Street called Ropemaker's Fields, to Three Colt Street

and from the Bridge in the said Street called Rish/s Rope-

ground into Three Colt Street aforesaid.

88. An Act to continue the Term of an Act, made in the

twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, for repairing and widening the

Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place

tailed Heiring-fyke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster

and VV1 ft mor eland.

89. An Act for extending the Provifi *n$ of an Act, made

in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty for more

effectually amend ng everal Roads leading from the Borough

of Truro, in the County of Co nwall, to the Roads leading

from Shortlanes End, in the Parish ofK a vyn, to Caile-

stock Burrow, and from the The Two Burrows, in the

said Parish) to Perran Almjhouse, and from The Three

Burrows, in the said Pat ish} to Saint Agnes AlmJhjufeyin

the said County.

90. ,An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of an Act,

passed in the ti:ft Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for repairing and amending ihe Road leading from

White Crof', in the Parish of Leve n, in Hold:rnefs, in

the East Riding of the County of York, in the Town of Be-

verley, in the foul County.

91. An Act to confirm, and carry into Execution, certain

Articles of Agreement entered into between the Ri^ht

Honourable James Earl of Sail (bury y and the Trustees

appointed by and under t'cverai Acts of Parliament, for

repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner adjoining

to Endfield Ch .ce, in the Paufh of South Mimsf in the

County of Midulfex, to Lemrtsford Milly :a the County

of Hertford; and for turning and altering the said Road,

in the Manner mentioned m me said Agreement.

92. An Act for continuing the Te. m, ami altering and en-

larging the Powers, of an Act, made in the thirty-third

Year cf his late Majesty, for repairing several Reads lead-

ing to the Town a/Oakhampton, in the County of Devon.

93. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers

of an Act, made in the first: Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and

widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley

Moor, in the County of York, to Staindrop, in the County

of Durham ; and from the said Turnpike Road near Small-

ways, across the River Tees, to Winston, in the said

County 0/* Durham 5 and for building a Bridge over the said

River at or near Winston Ford.

94. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late

.Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An At7 for

repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called Lil-

tlegate, at the Top of Leadcnham Hill, in the County of

Lincoln, to the iVejl End of Bamby Gate, in Newark

upon Trent ; and from the Gaidc-post at the Divijhn of

Kelham and Mufkham Lanes to Mansfield, and from

Southwell to Oxton, in the County of Nottingham ; and

for repairing the Road from the Weft Side of Newark

Bridge to the said Guide-port.

95. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers, of an Act of the second Year of his

present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from

t

I the Market-house in Stourbridge to Colly Gate, in Crad-

ley, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of

Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, so far as the fame relates

to the Roads leading from the Market-house in Stour-

bridge to Colly Gate^ and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and

from Colly Gate to Ha Iefowen ; and for opening a more

commodious Communication with the Birmingham Turn-

pike Road.

96. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers, of an Act, of the first Year of his

present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road

from the Town of Stone to Wordfley Green Gate; and

from the IVejl End of Bilfton-street, in Wolverhampton,

to The High Street opposite The Old Bufb, in Dudley ;

and from a Place called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Bir-

mingham ; and from The Market Cross in Wolver-

hampton, to Cannock ; in the Counties of Stafford, Wor-

cester, and Warwick.

97. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his Ma-

jesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for

amending and widening the Road from Bawtry to Sheffield,

and from Sheffield to the South Side of Wortley, in the

County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading

from Rotherham to Manchester, so far as the fame relate*

to the Road leading from Bazvtry aforesaid to Tinfey%

and through Part of the Town of Tinfey, to the Place

where the fame joins the Road leading from Rotherham

to Sheffield.

gS. An Act for continuing the Term and altering the

Powers of an Act of the first Year of his present Ma-

jesty, for amending the Road from Hartford to Northffietr

and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of

Kent\ and for allowing an annual Payment out of the

Tolls arising upon the said Roads, to the Trustees for

the Care of the Road leading from Rochefcr to Maid-

flonty in the said County, to be applied for the Purpose*

therein mentioned.

99. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of ant

Ad, of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for repairing and widening everal Roads leading

to and though the Borough of Tamworth, and other Roads

therein mentioned, in the Counties 0/* Stafford, Warwick*

and Dei by.

100. An Act for amending and keeping in repair the Roads

leading from the JVillerfley Turnpike Road, near Partonr

to monkland Mill; and from the Turnpike Road on

Fair Mile Field, to the Turnpike Road at Broad Heath ;

and from the 7'urnpike Road at or near the Fords Bridge,

to the Turnpike Road near Stockton ; and from Kyre

Common, to the Turnpike Road at Grendon Green, in

the Counties of Hereford and JForcester.

101. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act*

made in the first Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for repairing and widening sever al Roads leading to

and through the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe

Regis and Dorchester, in the County of Dorset; and for

repairing the Road leading from the Parish of Warm-

well) through the Parishes of Poxwell and Ofmingtony to

the Church in the said Parish of Ofmington, in the said

County of Dorset.

102. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in

the second Year of the Reign of his prefrnt Majesty,

for amending and widening the Rood leading from the High

Po/l Road near the Town of Faverfharn, by Bacon's

Water, through Aftifoid, to the Town and Port fl/'Hythe,

in the County tf Kent; and from Breen’s Water, to a

certain Lone called Holy Lane, in Wincheap, near the

City of Canterbury.

103. An Act for reviving and continuing the Term, and

enlarging

1  VjOOQICf

