The TITLES of the STATUTES.

and a Lottery; and for consolidating certain Annuities,

wfiich were made one joint Stock by an Act made in the

fccontl Yrarof the Reign of hirs present Majesty, ^with

certain Annuities consolidated by several Acts made in

the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of

King George the Second, and in the fifth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty.

15. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for

the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty’s

Navy.

16. An Act for repealing the Discounts and Abatements

upon certain foreign Goods; and L granting additional

Duties upon Tobacco and Sugar imported into Great

Britain.

17. An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty

upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Manage-

ment of the respeSiye Commifliqners of the Excise in

Great Britain.

18. An Act for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom

complete, during the Time therein mentioned.

19. An Act to permit the Importation of Flax and Flax

Seed into this Kingdom or Ireland, in any Ship or Vefiel

belonging to any kingdom or State in Amity with his

Majesty, navigated with foreign Mariners, during the

present Hostilities.

20. An Act for declaring certain Provisions of an Act,

made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, re-

lating to the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Bri-

tain called England, to extend to all Acts made., and

' to be made, for repairing Roads subsequent to the passing

of the said AS.

21. An Act /or defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

called England^ for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth

Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

one.

22. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River

called Bourn Eau, from the Town of Bourn to its Junc-

tion with the River Glen at a Place called Tongue Endy in

the County of Lincoln.

23. An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in

Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled,

An At1 for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to

be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

24. An Act for'repealing the present Duties upon Paper,

Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaieboards, made in

Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu

thereof.

25. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to

indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have

omitted to regiller or deliver in their Qualifications with-

in the Time limited by Law, and for giving further

Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members

n: 1 d Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough

Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be

stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped,

have been loft or rniflaid ; and for allowing them Time

to provide Admissions duly stamped ; and to give further

Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file

Affidavits of the Execution oof Indentures of Clerks to

Attornies and Solicitors.

^6. An Act to permit Goods, the ProduS or Manufac-

ture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean

Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland in

E'itifn or Foreign VefleJs from any Place whatsoever;

and ior laying a Duty on Cotton and Cotton Wool im-

ported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships or Vessels,

during the present Hostilities.

27. An A & to permit, during the present Hostilities, the

Importation of Goods, the Produce of the Plantations of

the Crown of Portugal, into Great Britain or Ireland*

in Portugutfe Vessels; and the Importation of cert tin

other Googs, therein enumerated, in any Neutral Ships

and Vessels.

28. An Act for allowing further Time for the Exportation

of, or Payment of the Duties upon Bugles, when wre*

housed upon Importation into this Kingdom ; and for

obviating a Doubt with respect to charging the Duties

on Rum imported from Scotland into the ljle of Alan* -

29. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the open-

ing and establishing certain Free Ports in the Island of

?amaica ; to the allowing the free Importation of Sago

owder and Vermicelli from his Majesty’s Colonies in

North America; to the free Importation of certain Raw

Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations

in America $ to the allowing the Exportation of Pro-

viftons, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to certain

Places in North America, which are or may be under thj

Protection of his Majesty’s Arms, and from such Places

to Great Britain and other Parts of his Majesty’s Do-

minions; to the clandestine running of uncustomed

Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs ;

to the preventing the clandestine running of Goods, and

the Danger of Infcdion thereby ; to the encouraging the

Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations in Ame-

rica \ to the preventing the committing of Frauds by

Bankrupts; and to revive and continue several Laws re-

lating to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities

of Wheat and other Articles to his Majesty s Sugar

Colonies in America; to the impowering his Majesty to

prohibit the Exportation, and restrain the carrying coast-

wife, of Copper in Bfers, or Copper in Sheets ; to the

allowinga Drawback of the Duties on Rum flopped as

Stores to be consumed cn Board iVlerchant bh.ps on

their Voyages; and to the allowing a Bounty on the

Exportation of British Corn and Grain in Neutral

Ships.

30. An Act for continuing, and making more effectual,

feveial Acts of Parliament passed for cleansing and mak-

ing navigable the Channel from the Hythe at Coichtfter to

ll ivenhcc, in the County of Ej]ex\ and for repairing and

cieanfing the Streets of the T< wn of Cclchester ; and also

for lighting the Streets and Lancs, and lor preventing

Annoyances in the (’aid 1'own.

31. An Act for the better Management and Collection

of the Duties upon Male Servants, granted by an Act

made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty.

32. An Act to encourage the Manufactory of Verdegreafc

in Great Britain, and for laying a Duty on foreign Vcr-

degreafe imported.

33. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames,

at the Town of Henley upon Thames* in the County of

Oxford, and making commodious Avenues therero ; for

widening lbme Part of the High Street and the Market

Place; for fighting and watching, for regulating the

Footways in, and for removing Nuisances, Obliructions,

and Annoyances from, the Lid Town.

34. An Act for further continuing and amending the

several Acts passed for preventing the Frauds and Abuses

committed in the Admeasuresment of Coals within the

City and Liberty cf Westmin/tcr, and that Part of the

Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several

Parishes of Sain Giles in the Fields, and Saint Alary It

Borty and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Hd-

born, as lies in the County of Middlesex.

35. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Adur* at or

near Old Shoreham* in the County 0/ Suffix.

\6. An

Godgl

5

