47

A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c.38.

IV. And, to the End that no undue Preference may be made and given in summoning the said Com-

missioners appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of this A&, to attend the said Court,’ be it further

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Serjeant of the said Court for the Time being, to be no- H°w Commis-

minated or elected as herein-after mentioned, shall summon the Mayor and one Alderman, or two Alder- ^oneri aT«tQ

men, together with fix other Commissioners, beginning with the Mayor and one Alderman, and fix other ummoce

Commissioners who shall be first named in the Lilt ot Commissioners to be hung up in the said Court, to

attend the said Court as Commissioners, for four Weeks then next ensuing, and shall afterwards from

Time to Time, once a Month, l'ummon the like Number of Commissioners, as they shall (land in Order

and Rotation upon the said Lift.

V. Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall extend to exclude or debar any of the Com- Commltonner*

missioners for the Time being from fitting in the said Court, although such Commissioners shall not have m3y though

been summoned, or (land in Rotation to be summoned, but that such Commissioners, if they shall think n<H !umn,oned*

fit foto do, shall and may fit, hear, determine, give Judgment, and make Orders and Decrees in the said

Court; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, Method of Pm.

k(h*ll and maybe lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who now hath or have, or here-

after shall have, any Debt or Debts, under the Value of forty Shillings, due or owing, or belonging unto Debts unices,

him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or as Executor, Administrator, Guardian, or Trustee

to any other Person or Persons, by or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever, inhabiting or re-

acting within, the said Town and Liberties of Beverley, or the several Parishes of the fame Town, or using

or frequenting the Markets thereof, or usualiy buying or selling, or seeking a Livelihood therein, or failing

r navigating to and from the said Town and Liberties of Beverley, or any Wharfs or Landing Places

within the Parishes of the fame, to apply to the Clerk of the Court for the Time being, or his Deputy,

who shall immediately make out and deliver to the Serjeant of the said Court for the Tune being ( who is Clerk to Iff!*

hereby authorised and required to execute all Warrants, Precepts, and Procefies of the said Court of Re- Prjcrfs to the

quests) a Summons in Writing, under his Hand, directed to such Debtor or Debtor?, expressing the Scrjc*»m*

Sum demanded of him, her, or them, the Party demanding, and requiring him, her, or them, to appear

at a certain Time and Place, to be mentioned in such Summons, before the Commissioners of the said

Court, to answer such Complaint; and the Serjeant of the said Court shall forthwith cause such Summons Manner of Ser.

to be served on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the fame at the Dwelling-house, vice.

Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing or trading of such Debtor

or Debtors, being within the Limits of the said Tbwn and Liberties of Beverley, or Parishes of the fame,

with his, her, or their Servant, or other Person belonging to him, her, or them; and that upon Proof lrp°n Proof

made that such Summons had been duly served, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, ^’fl-\hn7rc,

assembled in Court, being a Majority of such Court, are hereby impowered and required to make due alTue*

Inquiry concerning such Demands or Plaints, and make such Orders and Decrees therein, and pass such termine.

final Judgment or Sentence thereupon, and award such Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem agreeable to

Equity and good Confrience: And for the better Discovery of the Truth, and more solemn Determina- Commissioners

tion of Matters and causes which shall be depending in the said Court, it shall be lawful for the said to admhuiter

Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Courr, and they are hereby impowered, to 0 thi-

gdminiitcr, or cause to be administered, an Oath or Oaths to either of the said Parties willing to be ex-

amined touching the Matters then in question, and to such Witnelsor Witmflfes as {hall be produced by

each Party, and to the Officers of the said Court, and also to any other Person or Persons whose Evidence

shall seem necessary, towards the hearing or determining any of the said causes, or making any Older or

Decree 1 herein, or for any other Purposes requisite to the Execution of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Debtor or Debtors, who shall Upcn fron-pp.

have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall not appear before such Court at the Time and Place men- (K'*ti,v;e ’ c"

honed in the said Summons, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Jra*

three or more of them so afi'embled, being a Majority of the said Court, after due Proof made, upon Oath, tc

of the Service of the said Summons in Manner aforesaid, to hear the Cause on the Part of die Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs of Iv, and to make such O/der, Decree, or Judgment, and to award reasonable Costs of Suit,

as to them shall seem moll: agreeable to Equity and good Conscience.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon the Day of Return of the cwm fii mir.

Summons, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not rn N ” ^-re-

appear, or appearing shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Demand, to the Satisfaction of the Cuutr, *^rc °.r

but become nonfimed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of

them, being a Majority of the said Court, to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and

to order and oblige the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame, by such Ways and Means as are he;tin pro-

vided for the Recovery of Debts ordered and decreed by the said Court.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Cafe where the said Commis- Commijrionfrs

sioners, or any three or more of them, as aforesaid, shall have made any Order or Decree for the Payment ay Exe-

of Money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, CUU0;I>

being a Majority of the said Court, to award Execution cither against the Body or Goods of the Party

against whom such Order or Decree shall be made; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk

of the said Court, at the Prayer of the Party prosecuting such Order or Decree for the Payment of Money,

to issue a Precept under his Hand and Seal, by way of Capias ad Jatisfaciendum, or Fieri Facias, to the

Serjeant of the said Court; who, by virtue of any such Precept issued, upon Execution awarded against and may commit

the Body of such Party, shall and may, and is hereby impowered to take such Party, being within the the parry to the

laid Town and Liberties of Beverley.) or the Parishes of the fame* and carry him, her, or them, to the

Common

