A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georg 11 III* C. 65.

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, a oil by the Authority of

the fame. That, from and after the first Day or August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-ihree,

all the Powers and Authority to the Commissioners of Excise, or other. Persons, by all or any of the

said Acts, given to compound and agree with any Person or Persons for the Duties on Malt by any such

Persons made or to be made, shall cease and determine; any T hing in any of the said Statutes, or in

either of them, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons,

who hath or have already made Composition or Agreement for the Duties of the Malt by them re-

spedlively made, or to be made, in pursuance of the said Acts, or any of them, shall, on or before the

tenth Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, make true and particular Entries

of all such Malt as they, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons in Trust for them, or any of

them, were possessed of on the first Day of Aupu/l, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or had

in his or their Custody or Possession, at the Office of Excise within the Limits of which they shall re-

spectively inhabit, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, and also all the Malt of which no such

Entry {hall be made; and within fix Days after he, (he, or they, shall have made, or ought to have made,

such Entry as aforesaid, shall pay down for the said Malt* the several Duties chargeable upon Malf, or.

In Default thereof, shall forfeit and lose double the Value of the Lid Malt; and that the Houses, Our-

houses, and orher Places belonging to such Com pounders, from and after the said first Day of August,

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall, and are hereby made liable to the Survey of the

Officers for the Duties on Malt, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules, and under the fame

Fines and Penalties for Refusal, as Persons making Malt for Sale are liable.

4 III. And whereas it may have happened, that, in pursuance of the Powers by the said before-recited

• Statutes given, the Officers appointed by the Commissioners of Excise for that Purpose may, since the

4 twenty-third Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, have made or renewed Com-

• Dofitions for the Duties on Malt with Persons applying to make or renew such Compositions, and the

• Money payable for the fame may have been received by such Officers :* Now, to prevent all Con-

fu(nn, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Compositions as shall have been so made,

renewed, or agreed to be made, since the said twenty-third Day of June, one thousand seven hundred

ind eighty-three, shall be, and are hereby declared null and void ; and all such Sums of Money as shall

have been received by the said Officers from the Persons so making or renewing their Compositions as afore-

said, shall, and the fame are hereby directed and required to be returned to the Person and Persons re-

fpcdlively who shall have paid the fame; any Thing in the said former Acts to the contrary in any wise

notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

in relation to the said Duties upon the Malt Stock in hand, shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, or

mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be re-

covered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information,

In any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland re-

spe$ively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, and the ojher Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform* or sue for the

fame.

363

From A up. f,

I 83. *U Com-

pofiponi, for

making Malr for,

private Families,

/ball cease.

Compounders,

on 01 before

A ig. 10, 1783,

to make Fn'riei

of ail Milt they

were possessed of

on Aug. r, oa

Forfei ureof 50L

and all such un-

entered Malt.

Howfea, Sec. of

Compounder*,

after Aug. i, li-

able to Sutvey of

proper Otiucis*

Compofinont

made or renewed

since June 23,

1783, to be void*

Penalties and

Forfeiture* to

levied and reco-

vered, See. in the

same Manner at

those under for-

mer Laws of Ex-

life.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for repealing the Act made in the last Session of Parliament y intituled, “ An

44 Act for vejlirtg the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants

44 trading to Africa •” and to vest as well the said Fort and its Dependencies, as all other the

British Ports and Settlements upon the Coajl of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and

Cape Rouge, together with all the Property, Estate, and Effects of the Company of Mer-

chants trading to Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Settlements, and their Dependencies, in

his Majesty ; and for fe curing, extending, and improving the Trade to Africa ; and for vest-

, ing James Foriy in the River Gambia, and its Dependencies, and all other the British

Ports and Settlements between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, in the Company of

Merchants trading to Africa \ and for securingomd regulating the Trade to Africa.

4 \X/HEREAS by the Preliminary Articles of Peace between his Majesty and the Most Christian

4 VV King, signed at Versailles, on the twentieth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and

4 eighty-three, it was agreed, that the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, should be ceded to his

4 Most Christian Majesty, who, on his Part, guarantied to his Majesty the Pofle/fion of Fort James, and

4 the River Gambia: And whereas the said Fort and River are within the Limits between the Port of

4 Sallee and Cape Rouge, on the Coast of Africa; and by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of

4 his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for repealing the Act made in the last Sejfiw of Parliament, in-

4 tifuled, “An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trad-

€* ing to Africa and to vest as well the said Fort and its Dependencies, as all other the Britishi Forts and

4 Settlements upon the Coajl of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with

1 4 all

.  \

Pramblfj

