Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III.

A.D. 1782.

G. 81,

261.

made by such Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Forces, or his Deputy; or shall utter or publish any

such, knowing the fame to be forged or counterfi ed, with Intention to defraud awy Pttfon wffiusoever;

every such Person and Persons so offending (being thereof lawfully convicted) shall be, and is and are

hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty ot Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cafes of Felony, with-

out Benefit of Clergy.

X. And be it enacted, That all Books of Account? whatsoever, kept in the Office of Paymaster Ge-

neral, shall be held to belong to the said Office, and shall not beat ihe Disposal of the Paymaftci Genenl

to take and dispose of the fame as his private and proper Books of Account: Provided that nothing herein

shall extend to prevent any Person or Persons who hath oj have exercised the Office of Paymaster Geneial,

or his or their Executors or Administrators, by himself or themffilves, or by any Peilbn or Persons au-

thored by him or them, fiom taking Copies or Extracts ineieof, until an A< quittance in the Exchequer

shall he made out for every several Paymaster, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators.

XL And whereas it appear from the Reports of the Commiiliuners for examining, taking, and (fating

the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, that the Salaries, Fees, and Emoluments, received by several of

the Officers and Clerks employed in the Office of Pavm?fter General of his Majesty’s Foices, have, of

4 late Years, amounted to Sums beyond a reasonable and adequate Compensation for their respedhve Ser-

4 vices / be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day ot October, one thousand (even hun-

dred and eighty-two, all Fees, hitherto payable at the Office of the said Paymaster General, shall be depo-

sited in the Hmds of the Cashier of the said Office, or others au horiz<*d by the Paymaster General, in

order to form a Fund, from which a reasonable Augmentation to the Salaries and Appointments of the

several Officers and Clerks shall be made, if it shall be found expedient *, as also tuch further Compenfa-

tion as the Increase of Bufin fs in the Office, from Time to Time, shall require; and the Remainder shall

be paid to the Treasurer or Vice-treasurer of Chelsea Hcfpiinl, towards a Fund for an Augmentation to the

Half-pay of Officers who have been or shall be maimed or grievously wounded in his Majesty’s Land Ser-

vice; or as an Augmenmi n to the Pensions of Widows; or as Pensions to the Children of such Officers

as have been killed in the said Land Service, as his Majesty shall direct and appoint.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Laid Augmentation to the Salaries and Appointments of Officers and

Clerks in the Pay Office shall (but not more frequently than once in each Year) be regulated determined by the said

Paymaster General, by and with the Concurrence of the Commissioners of the Tieaiury, and his Ma-

jesty’s Approoation obtained thereon, and not otherwise.

4 XIII. And whereas a considerable annual Sum of Money is or may be saved from the Allowance for

4 Clothing of certain Invalid and Independent Companies, a large Part of which Saving is or may be ren-

, 4 dered permanent*/ be it hereby enacted, That ail Sums saved fiom the said Allowance, or brought in

Account in consequence of any Savings to be made in the Administration of the said Hospital, (hfti be ap-

plied to the Fund above mentioned; provided that no Addition to Half-pay in consequence of Maims or

Wounds, or Pensions to Widows whose Husbands have or shall have been killed in his MajestyV Service*

shall exceed twenty-five Pounds a Year; nor shall the Allowance to a single Child of an Officer killed ex*

ceed twenty Pounds a Year, nor be continued longer (if a Male) than to twenty five Years of Age, or

until he be provided (or in his Majesty’s Service; or if more Children arc left, the Share of each Child

shall not exceed twelve Pounds a Year, to be continued to the Males as aforesaid, and no otherwise. '

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this A& con-

tained shall be construed to crprive the Paymaster Genera) of the usual Allowance for Clerks and Contin^

gcncies, or such as his Majesty dial) hereafter be pleased, from Time to Time, to direct and appoint, and

to administer and apply the fame according to the u ual Courle of Office.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, That Copies of the Amount of the said Allowance be deprfited in the

Bank of England, the Pay Office, and the Treasury, together with a List of all the Officers, Clerks, and

Servants, to the Office of the said Paymaster General belonging.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of Ja~

nuary% one thousand fevtn hundred and eighty-three, no Fee, PeiquUice, Emolument, or Reward what-

soever (other than and except the Salaries and Allowances herein-hdore mentioned) shall be taken, in the

said Office, for any Business, Matter, or Thing to be done therein; and that if any Be.Ton belonging, or

who shall hereafter belong, to the said Office, shall, on any Pretence whitsoever, preiume to take or ac-

cept any Fee, Perquisite, Emolument, or Reward (other than and except as aforesaid) every fuen Person

shall forfeir his Office or Employment.

XVII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take

away, diminish, or alter the Power of the Paymaster General of his Majesty’* Forces 10 appoint, remove,

or change at his Pieafure, all or any of the Officers ano Clerks employed in h*s said Office, or with the

Gonfent and Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of >h; m, signified in Writ-

ing, to increase the Number of such Clerks, in case the Circumstances of the Bufinef of the said Office

should render such an Increase necessary; whkh said additional Officers an i Clerks (lull, upon their rc-

spective Appointments, become intitkd to the like Salaries as are herein before dirtied to be paid to the

Officers and.Clerks in a similar Rank and Station in the said Office, and shall be subject to all the Rules,

Regulations, Provisions, Pains, and Penalties, to which the Officers and Clerks now existing. in the said

Office are mare liable by this AdE

1 XVIII. And, for the better Prevention of the iffuingfrem the Exchequer of any more Monies than

the Services of the Army do a&uaJIy require/ be it enacted, That, from and alter the first Day of Ja-

nuary ^ one thousand fever hundred and eighty-three, the Secretary at War shaft, on or before the fifteenth

Day of every Month, return into the Office of the' Paymaster General of his Majesty's Land Forces an

Account of the effective Commissioned and Non-conuniliiomd Officers and private Men of his M< jetty’s

Regular Forces and Militia feivin&in Great Britain, accoidir.g ^0 the Iaft Returns from the Adjutant Ge-

itfeUL

Vj(J

Bootes of Ac-

count in the

mallet’s Of-

fice fhull be hcM

to belong to the

fame.

All Fees payable

at the 1‘aymaf-

ter’s ( slice to be

carried to a

F und.

Application of

1h.1t Fund.

Augmentation

of Salaries nnC

to be more ibaa

Once a Year.

Savings in the

Clothing of In-

valid Compa

ni-r, See. hovr.

to be applied.

Nut to deprire -

th- Pawnufler

of the ulual Al-

lowance for

Clerks, &c.

Ci pies of such

All ance to be

devoftted in the

Bank, &c.

(Jm.ers raking*

Fees to forfeit

their Otfkc.

Not to take

away the Power

of the payu.aQcr

of removing Of-

ficers employed

in his Office*

&c»

After Jsn. 1,

1783, the Secre-

tary at War to

return into the

Paymaster’s Of-

fie m.mihly,

a ne Account of

O

gle

