The T 1 T LE S • of the STATUTE a

Comm bus, And Wa)let, ih Great Ringfead, mthfe County

of Norfolk.

7. An Act for inclosing and improving ceft^lh Larins and

Grounds within the Township of West Halton, in the

Parish of Long Preston, iti the Weft Riding of the County

of York.

8. An Act for naturalizing Dame Charlotte Sophia Smyth,

Wife.of Sir Robert Smyth Baronet, and for qualifying

and enabling her to hold and enjoy a Reric Charge,

limited to her upon her Marriage, in the Name Of her

Jointure. • j 1 * •'

9. An Act for naturalizing John Herman Kater.

lc. An Act for naturalizing 'John Engelbert5 Ziegenbtin and

Charles Augujhis PiefchelL

11. An Act for naturalizing George Lewis Kohn.

12* An Act for naturalizing Peter Chajftaud.

13. An Act for naturalizing James Alary Siordet and John

Lewis Hooffjletter.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Common Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable

Places, of and within the Parish of Chicklade, in the

County of Wilts.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons

and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of

Dillorn otherwise Dilhorne, in the County of Stafford:

lb. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons

and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Stoney Middle-

ton, in the County of Derby.

1;. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and other Commonable Land, within the

Parish of Ilmington, in the County of Warwick.

i3 An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, as well

within the Parish and Township of Rothley, as within

the Extraparochial Liberty of Rothley Temple, in the

County of Leicester.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste

Grounds, in the Parish of Little Harrowden, in the

County of Northampton.

20. An Act to enable John Tripe Clerk, and the Heirs

Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms

of Sivete.

21. An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates in the

County of Kent, devised by the Will of Sir Gregory Page,

Baronet, deceased, inTrustees, to sell the same, fordif-

charging Incumbrances ; and for laying out the Residue

of the Money arising by Sale io the rurchafe of other

Lands and Hereditaments, to be ftttled in lieu thereof,

to the like Uses ; and for the oilier Purposes therein

mentioned.

2 \ An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors,

Commons, or Tracts of Corrrnonable Land, called or

known by the Names of Tcalbam Moor, Blackford

Moor, Blackford Ham, and Hare Pit, within the Manor

of Blackford, in the Parish of IVcdmore, in the County

of Somerset.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Lammas Mea-

dows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the

Parish of JVtnfartbitig, in the County of Norfolk.

2i. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Fields, Commonable Grounds, and Places, of and within

the Manor, Lordship, and Liberties of Alouniforrell, in

the County of Lei refer.

25. An Act for naturalizing Dorothy Hannah Louisa Har-

riot Henley, the Wife of William Henley Esquire.

26. An Act for vesting several Lands and Hereditaments

therein mentioned, of which Jacob Earl of Radnor is

Tenant for Life, in Trustees, to be sold 5 and for laying

•

out the Monicsto irife ther^ftbmln tffie Plirchafe of other

Lands and Tenements, to he settled to the like Uses, in-

stead thereof.

27. An Act for vesting Part of ar certain Clofb called Shack

Field, otherwise VicarT Field. Parcel of the Lands be-

longing to the Vicarage of Halifax, in the County of

York, in Trustees, for the Purpose of making a con-

venien^Road from a Street called Southgate, in the Town

of Halifax, over and through the said Close, to the

Public Hall lately,erected in the said Town of Halifax%

* called The Manufacturers Hall \ and to enable the vicar

Of the Parish of Halifax, arid his Successors, to grant

Building Leases of the other Parrs of the said Close, and

for the othdr Purposes therein mentioned.

28. An Act for diverting the Ihhefitanee in Fee Simple of

drvers Manors, Messuages, Farms.Reftories, AdVovv-

fons, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, Rents, and Heredita-

ments, of the Right Honourable James Earl of Salisbury,

out of Charles Banks and his Heirs, and for vesting the

fame in Trustees, and their Heirs, to, for, and upon

such of the several Uses, Trusts, Powers, Provisoes,

Ends, Intents, and Purposes, mentioned and declared

in and by an Indenture of Release of the nineteenth

Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-

eight, as remain to be performed, or are capable of taking

Etfeft.

29. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Ed-

mund Alatoes Esquire, in Honeing, in the County of Nor-

folk, in the said EdmundMapes, in Fee Simple j and for

settling an Eft ate of the said Edmund Shapes, in Rollefby

Burgh alias Burrow and Repps, in the same County, of

greater Value, in lieu thereof.

30. An Act for vesting divers Messuages, Lands, and Here-

ditaments, in the Counties of Sussex and Kent, being

Part of the settled Estates of John Radcliffe, of Hitchin,

in the County of Hertford, Esquire, in Trustees, to be-

fold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale

in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Here- 1

dicaments, situate and being in the Counties of Hertford

and Bedford, or one of them, to be settled, in lieu there-

of, to the like Uses.

31. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of John

Baker, Efauire, in Folkllonc, in the County of Kent, in'

the said John Baker, in Fee Simple; and for settling an-

other Estate of the said John Baker, in the said County of

Kent, of equal Value, in lieu thereof.

32. An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement, for

cancelling and making void a Settlement of certain-

Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the

North Riding of the County of York, the Estates of the

Honourable Ann Fairfax Spinster; and for making an-

other Settlement of the fame Manors, Messuages,

Lands, and Hereditaments, to the Uses mentioned in such

Agreement.

33. An Act for effectuating the Sale of a Freehold Estate

cf Ann Pinnock, an Infant, at New Windsor, in the County

of Berks, pursuant to an Agreement with Thomas Tildcjley,

Gentleman.

34. An Act for eftefting an Exchange between John

Pratcbitt and William Pratchitt, Gentlemen, of their

Estates in the Counties of Stafford and Salop j and for

other Purposes therein mentioned.

35. An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution

certain Articles of Agreement, made between the Devisee

and Heirs at Law of Frederick Lord Baltimore, deceased,

respecting the Province of Maryland in America, and for

other the Purposes therein mentioned ; and for establish-

ing and veiling the said Province in Henry Harford

Esquire, and h;s Heirs, upon the several Payments,Tenns,

and Conditions, and in Manner, therein mentioned.

