450 C. 5» Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. f,

4 fix Collateral Cuts from the same to several Coal Mires; and nlfo a Navigable Canal from or near the Town

4 cf Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Pivi/b cf Tam worth, in the fid

4 County of Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part of toe pid Town of Birmingham: And whereas

the Canal and Collateral Cuts, authorised to be made by virtue of the said la ft* mentioned Aif, will com-

4 municate with the Canal and Collateral Curs made and completed by virtue of the Powers granted by

the Did firit recited Act; and nearly the Whole of the Proprietors in the said respective undertakings

4 are the fame Pc;Tons: And whereas great Expences and Inconveniencies would be avoided, by incor-

4 porating the said two Undertakings, and uniting and consolimiting the Affairs and Concerns of the

4 fame; and Agreements have been entered into between the two Companies of Proprietors for that

c Purpose; but the fame cannot be efreded without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And whereas,

4 for the more speedily and tfl\dually completing the Canal and Cuts authoiilcd to be made by virtue of

the said last-mentioned Act, it will be necessary to ruife Money by way cf Loan, upon the Credit of

the Tolls of the said two respective Undertakings; and it will be likewise necessary, that some of the

' 4' Clauses in the said last-mentioned Act should be explained and amended, and some further Powers given,

4 for the better carrying on, completing, and improving the said respective Undertakings:’ May it there-

fore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre-

Thct*o Under- sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the passing cf this

r4rfjn$sujwcd. Ad, the £;ana] ancj (juts made and completed by virtue of the said first-mentioned Act, and the Canal

and Cuts authoiifed to be made by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act, and all and Angular the Con-

cerns, Matters, and Things, to the said several Canals and Cuts appertaining and belonging, lb all be

united, consolidated, and made, be, and considered, as one common Concern and Undertaking, and the

Commissioners of each shall be Commissioners o! both; and that all and Angular the several Proprietors

-possessed of Shares in the said respective Undertakings shall be united and incorporated together,!and shall

for that Purpose be one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the

Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, and by that Name mall have perpetual

Succeilion, and shall have a Common Seal, instead and in lieu of the respective Common Seals belonging

to the said two Companies hereby united, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued; and to that

end all and every the Proprietors or Persons polfcifing or being intitled to one or more Share or Shares,

under or by virtue of the said first* recited Act, or under the Act passed to explain and amend the Came,

shall also, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, have, hold, pellets, and be intitled to an

equal Number of Shares of and in the Canals and Collateral Cuts authorised to be made by virtue ef

the said last-mentioned Act, and vice versa, and which shall be considered as one Share, or the ftme

Number of Shares, in the Company of Proprietors hereby created, and shall defeend, or may be trans-

ferred as such accordingly, whereby all and Angular the Shares in the two Undertakings dull become

consolidated and veiled in one and the lame Body.

PowcrVoTV^ Ik Provided always, and be it further eriaded and declared by the Authority aforesaid, Thatnonet>f

AftstitliReu the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Restrictions, Exemptions, Matters, and Things, contained in the said

Ad of the eigh’h Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, are meant or intended, or shall be deemed,

adjudged, or taken to extend to the navigable Canals or Cuts, or other Works, authorised to be made

by the said Act of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and that none of the

Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Restrictions, Exemptions, Matters, and Things contained in the said last-

meneioned Ad, are meant or intended, or shall be deemed, adjudged, or taken to extend to the navi-

gable Canal or Cuts, or to any other Works authorised to be made by the said Act of the eighth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty; but that the fame shall be and remain separate and distinct from

each other, in like Manner as they would have done in case this Act had not been made, or the said

fespective companies had not been united; any Thing in this Act to the contrary hereof notwith-

standing.

44 The Shares of the two Undertakings confofcdated, and comprehended in five hundred Shares. Power

44 granted to borrow the 115,000l. by Mortgage, instead of the Mode prescribed by the Act of 23 Geo III.

44 Mortgages to be entered in Books. Railways from Mines to the Canal to be made over adjoining

44 Lands. If Parties cannot agree, the Proprietors of Mines may apply to the Commissioners. Persons

44 destroying or damaging the Works to be punished. Clause in Ad 23 Geo. Ill respeAing Fire Engine

44 of Mr. IVeod) tSc. explained. Expences of this Act how to be paid. Publick Act.”

CAP. V.

An Act for enlarging the Marketplace, and regulating the Markets within the Town of Sheffield\ in

the Weft Rrding of the County of York; and for widening and rendering more safe and commodious

several Streets adjoining or leading into the said Market Place; and for taking down the present

Slaughter Houses within the said Town, and erecting others in a more proper Situation.

4

C‘A P

