242 A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo fecundo Georgii III. C. 69.

Personi detain-

ing any Part of

the Property of

John Whitehill

tlq; or able to

give Information

concerning the

fame, and who

dull refuse to

come before the

fa d Baronj, Sec,

vhen lawfully

forsmoned) shall

he coou&iucd.

Tohn Whitehill

£fq. disabled

from aliening or

incumbering

hii real Estate

until Feb. i,

I7S5 ; and also,

from a/hgn<ng

hi# perfooal

Efbte, except

for certain Pnr-

pofci.

Exception of a

certain Sum to

make a Proti-

fion for Chil-

dren'

Thii A£ not to

difabie John

Whitehill Esq.

from dispo-

iing of his

Edate or EiTedls,

in case he Hull

die before Feb.

I, 1783, ftc.

If John White,

hill Esq. Dull,

Before f'eb. 1,

1783, convey

any of his Mo-

nies or Etfeftt

out of the

Realm (exeunt

at is excepted),

he, and hit

Aiders iherein,

shall be p milhed

«< Fcions.

Penalty on Per-

fons who shall

toncal any

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, being known

or suspected to have or detain any Part of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chanels,

or Personal Estate, of the said John Whitehill Efquite, or to be able to give Information or Evidence con-

cerning the fame, or to be indebted to, or for the Benefit of him the said John Whitehill Esquire, shall,

after lawful Summons to appear before the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them,

to be examined concerning the Lands. Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, and personal

Estate, of him the said John IPhitehill Esquire, in any Matter or Thing concerning the fame, neglect or

refuse to come before the Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, at the l ime ap-

pointed in such Summons, having no lawful Impediment, such as shall be allowed by the said Lord Chief

Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, and which shall be signified and made known to the

said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, or shall refuse to be sworn, or to make

Answer to such Interrogatories as shall be administered to him, her, or them respectively, according to

the true Intent and Meaning of this A ft (which said Summons, and Examination on Oath, upon

Interrogatories to be administered to every such Person or Persons, the said Lord Chief Baron and

Barons, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to Blue, take, and admi-

nifter); then, and in the said respective Cafes, it (lull and may be lawful for the said Lord Chief Baron

and Barons, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby required to issue their Warrant or Warrants

to such Person or Persons as they shall think fit, to apprehend any Person or Persons so neglecting or re-

fusing to appear, as aforesaid, and to bring him, her, or them, before the said Lord Chief Ban n and Ba-

rons, or any two or more of them, to be examined as aforesaid, and to commit to the said Prison of the

Fleet all and every such Person or Persons as shall so refuse to be sworn, or make Answer to such Interro-

gatories as shall be administered as aforesaid, there to remain, without Bail or Main price, until such Time

as the said Person or Persons so refusing to be sworn, or to answer to such Interrogatories as shall be admi-

niftered as aforesaid, shall submit him, her, or themselves to be examined according to the true Intent and

Meaning of this Act.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That cHe said John Whitehill Esquire, shall, until the

said first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, be, and he is hereby disabled

from, and made incapable of, conveying, aliening, settling, charging, or incumbering any Lands, 7'ene-

ments, or Hereditaments, to which he, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, or for his Use and Be-

nefit, is, are, or shall be intitled, or hath or have any Right or Title; and also, during the Time afore-

said, shall be, and is hereby disabled from assigning, conveying, granting, transferring, or making over,

any of his personal Eftatts in Trust for himself, his YVife, or Children; and also from otherwise

disposing of his personal Estate (except for the Subsistence of himself and Family, or for paying such just

Debts as arc or shall be contrafted and due by him before the twenty ninth Day of April, one thousand

seven hundred and eighty-two; and except periftiable Goods ; and also except with respect to so much of

the personal Estate of the said John Whitehill Esquire, as shall be sufficient to indemnify his Sureties in the

said Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, so to be entered into as herein-before directed).

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted nevertheless, 7'bat it shall and may be lawful to and for the

said John Whitehill Esquire, to give, advance, transfer, lay out, and apply, or otherwise to raise out of,

or in any Manner charge upon, his real and personal Estate, or any Part or Parts thereof, any

Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of ten thousand Pounds, for the Purpose of making a

Provision for his Child or Children, in case of Marriage; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary

in any wise notwithstanding; and which Provision, or any Part thereof, shall not in any Manner be af-

fefted or defeated by the Recognizance so to be entered into by the said John Whitehill Esquire, as is re-

quired by this Act.

VII. Provided always, That this Act shall not disable him the said John Whitehill Esquire, from disposing

of his Estate or Ettefts by hislaft Will and Testament, in case he shall happen to die before the said first

Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, subject nevertheless to the Justice and Dif-

position of Parliament; nor shall this Act restrain or disable the said John Whitehill Esquire, from con-

curring in any Alignment or T ransfer of any Mortgage or Incumbrance afflfting his real Estate on the

twenty-nimh Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and created for feeuring Mo-

ney bond fide due and owing on such Mortgage or Incumbrance; so nevertheless as no further Sum shall be

advanced on such Mortgage or Incumbrance than was actually due and owing on the said twenty-ninth

Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

V11L And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, before the first Day of February,

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, he the said John Whitehill Esquire shall not transport or

convey, or cause to be transported or conveyed, any of his Goods, Chattels, Monies, or Effects what-

soever, of what Nature or Kind soever, out of the Realm, other than Ships or Shares of Ship?, whereof

he was possessed on the said twenty-ninth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and

other than for paying such just Debts as are or shall be contracted and due by him on the said twenty-ninth

Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; and which shall be accordingly paid and

satisfied with such Goods, Chattels, Monies, and ErFefts; and if he the said John Whitehill Esquire

shall, before the said first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, transport or

convey, or cause to be transported or conveyed, any of his Goods, Chattels, Monies, or other Effects

whatsoever, out of this Realm, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then, and in every

such Cafe, he the said John Whitehill Esquire, so offending, and every other Person knowingly and wil-

lingly aiding and assisting therein, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as a Felon, with-

out Benefit of Clergy.

* IX. And, for the more effectual Discoveryof the Estate and Effeftsof the said John Whitehill, Esquire/

be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thatevciy Person or Persons, now being within this Kingdom,

* ^

