328

Company fro*

powered to in*

create their pre*

feat Bond Debt;

and m make a

Dividend of 4

perCent.atMKJ-

fu miner next*

Preamble*

Recital of to

Gco.III.cap.37r

^he recited Act

XCpeaied*

Preamble,

C. 37. 3^. Anno vicesimo testio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

4 IT. And, it* order to give a temporary Relief to the said United Company in respe# to their Commercial

4 Debts f be it further enarfted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

said United Company to borrow Money upon, and issue Bonds under their Common Seal, as the Affairs

Of the said Company may require, not exceeding the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds beyond the

Amount of the Company's present Bond Debt.

IH. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

said United Compiny to set apart and apply, at Midsummer next, so much Money as shall be equal to

four Pounds per Centum on the Capital of three Millions two hundred thousand Pounds, as and for a

Dividend to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company for half a Year, from the fifth Day of

January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty*three, to the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hun-

dred and eighty-three*

cap. xxxvir.

An Act to repeal an A6V, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, so much of an Act made in the lafi

Session of Parliament, 44 for the more easy and better recruiting his Majestfs Land Forces and

44 Marinesas relates to the Encouragement of Volunteers.

C WHEREAS an A& was ma(*c *n the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti—

4 VV tuled, An Act to continue, for a limited Titne,so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Par Ha-

4 ment, for the more easy and better recruiting his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as relates to the

4 Encouragement of Volunteers: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed;’ be it

therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

rity of the fame, That, from and immediately after the passing of this AdT, the said AdT, made in the

twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be, re-

pealed and made void.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, or Ifts,

at or near Leacblade, to join and communicate with the Strcudivater Canal at Wall-

bridge, near the Town of Stroud % and also a collateral Cut from the said Canal at or

near Siddington, to or near the Town of Cirencester, in the Counties of Gloucester and

Wilts.

WHEREAS the making and maintaining a Canal, with a proper collateral Cut, for the Navigation

of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the River Thames* or ljis, at some Place at or near

4 Leacblade, in the County of Gloucester, to join and communicate with a navigable Cut or Canal, now

4 made between the Town of Stroud and the River Severn, in the said County of Gloucejhr, will open an

4 easy Communication between the interior Parts of the Kingdom and the Port of London, which will be of

4 great Advantage to many of the Sea Ports of this Kingdom, and to several different Manufactories in the

4 interior Parts of the Kingdom, and will afford a Supply of Coal to those Parts of the Country through

4 which the intended Canal and collateral Cut. are proposed to be made, and will also be of great public

4 Utility: And whereas the several Persons herein-after particularly named are desirous, at their own

4 proper Costs and Charges, to begin, carry on, complete, and maintain, the said navigable Canal and

4 collateral Cut, intended to be made by virtue of this A&; but the fame cannot be effected, without the

4 Aid and Authority of ParliamentWherefore, for obtaining and perfecting the good Ends and Purposes

aforesaid, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, 5v.

44 The Proprietors are incorporated ; with the usual Powers. Not to ufc the Springs at Sapperton, but under

44 Lord Bathurf's Direction. To carry a Feeder through Lord Bathurf?s Gardens ; and lay a Water Pipe

44 from the Feeder into Lord Batburjt\ Matifion House. Lands may be entered for making Survey. Leve’s

44 and Surveys have been taken, and a Book of Reference made. Two Parts to be made thereof, and authen-

44 ticated by the Speaker of the House of Commons; and allowed to be given in Evidence. Canal and Cut

44 not to deviate more than sixty Yards from the Course in the Plan. Land-owners being omitted in the Book

44 of Reference, not to obstruct the making of the Canal and Cut. The Line of the Cahal through Mr.

44 Eliot9s Lands described; and through several Yards and Gardens. Breadth of the Canal and Towing

44 Paths. Bodies Politick, iAc. impowered to sell and convey Lands. Satisfaction to be made in Gross, or

44 by annual Rent. If Rents, &c. are not regularly paid, how to be recovered. Copyhold Rights to be

44 preserved. Commissioners appointed, who shall determine Differences, and settle Recompences. If.

44 Parties refuse to submit to, or are dissatisfied with, the Determination of the Commissioners; or refuse

44 to accept the Purchase Monies; or to treat, or shall not agree; a Jury shall be impannclled to assess the

44 Purchase Monies, or Recompence. Witnesses may be examined on Oath. Jury to assess Damages.

44 Verdict of the Jury, tffc. to be final. Sheriff, £sV. making Default, to forfeit $ /. Juries under the

44 fame Regulations as in the Courts at Westminster. Expences of Juries how to be paid. Persons re-

auefting Juries, to enter into Bond to prosecute. Notice of Injury to be given to the Proprietors, before

Complaint to the Commissioners. Persons giving false Evidence shall be deemed guilty of Perjury,

Manner of making Satisfaction for Damages done in getting Materials. Verdicts fot Value of Lands,

44 and

4U

