368

The Doty to he

under the Ma.

Dageo.ent of the

Commissionen of

lumps.

Penalty on Par-

ions, dec. who

shall enter any

BunaljMarriage,

Ac. on Unilamp*

fid Paper.

Pirfont, Ac. em-

powered to de-

mand 3d. from

the Undertaker,

or Person* mai-

fied, fire.

and If they refuse

to pay the fame,

they shall forfeit

3»-'

Churchwardens*

tec, to provide

Books with pro-

per Stamps for

entering Burials*

Marxians, &c.

Certain Cafes in

which Entry may

be made without

any Stamps,

Not to extend to

Burials,&c. from

any Hospiul.&c,

But to extend to

Quakers,

An Allowance

of is. in the

Pound ’o be

made to Parsons*

Ac. for their

Tioubk.

C. 67. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 178$^

II. And be It further enacted, That, for the better and more effectual levying and collecting the said

Duty herein-before granted, the fame shall be under the Government, Care, and Managvment, of the

Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stampeu Vellum, Parch-

ment, and Paper; who, or the major Part of them, aie hereby required nnd impowered to appoint and

employ such Officers under them lor that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as

may be necessary, and to provide and ule such Stamps, to denote the ;aid Duty, as shall be rtqu-ifice in

that Behalf; and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with

relation to the said Duty herein-before granred, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they, or

the major Part of them, are or is authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning damped

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

III. And be it further enacted. That every Parson, Vicar, or Curate, or other Person having Authority

to make Entries of Burials, Marriages, Births, or Chrifienings, who shall, from and after the fitft Day

of October, one thousand (even hundred and eighty-three, enter any Burial, Marriage, Birth, or Chriiten-

ing, in the Register for any Parish, Precind, or Place, in Great Britain, before the Patchment, Vellum,

or Paper, on which the Entry of such Register shall be made, shall have been duly stamped, as by this

Ad is directed, every such Parson, Vicar, Curate, or other Person, shall, for every such Offence, for-

feit the Sum of five Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted. That every Parson, Vicar, Curate, or other Person having Authority

to make the “Entry of any Burial, Marriage, Birth, or Christening, is hereby veiled with full Power

and Authority, previous to the making thereof in the Register of any Parish, Precind, or Place in

Great Britain, to demand and receive from the Undertaker, or other Person employed in and about the

Funeral of any Person so to be buried, or from the Parties married, or from the Parent of the Child whose

Birth or Christening is registered, or other Person requiring the Christening of such Child, the Sum of

threePence: And if such Undertaker, or other Person, so employed m and about'such Funeral, or if

the Parties so married, or the Parent of, or other Person bringing the Child, whole Birth or Christening

shall be so required to be registered, shall neglect or refuse, on Demand, to pay the said Duty, he, (he,

or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

V. And be it Further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of every Parish, or one of

them, shall, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, provide one or more Book or Books for the

registering of Burials, Marriages, Births, and Christenings, with such Stamps for each Entry to be

made therein, as by this Act is required ; and shall pay for such Book or Books, and the Stamps to be

conained therein, out of the Rates under their or his Management, and shall, from Time to Time,

receive back the Money, which shall be so paid, from the Person authorizedoy this Act to demand and

receive the Duty hereby imposed, on the Entry of any Burial, Marriage, Birth, or Christening; and in the

Cafe of extraparochial Places, such Book or Books, with such Stamps as aforesaid, shall be provided, front

Time to Time, by the Person whose Duty it shall be to make Entries of Burials, Marriages, Births, and

Christenings.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Parson, Vicar, Curate, or other Person, shall

be subject to any the Penalties or Forfeitures in this Act mentioned, for entering, or causing to be entered,

any Burial, Marriage, Birth, or Christening, in any Parish Register, without any Marks or Stamps thereon,

whera a Licence, under the Hands of three of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to put

this Act in Execution, or some Officer or Officers by them impowered, shall have been granted, signifying

their or his Leave or Approbation that the Entry of any Burial, Marriage, Birth, ot Christening, to be

written in such Register, may be therein written without any Marks or Stamps thereon ; so as the Person

or Persons, having the Custody of such Register, do, from Time to Time, when and as often as he or they

shall be thereto required, permit the said Commissioners, or any of them, or any Officer or Agent by them,

or the major Part of them, for that Purpose appointed, to imped and view such Remitter; and do nlfo,

from Time to T ime, when and as often as he or they shall be thereto required by the said Commiliioo*

ers, or the major Part of rh^m, or any other by them, or the major Part of rhem authorized, pay unto the*

Receiver General for the Time being of the said Duties, or such other Officer or Person as the said Com-

missioners, or the major Part of them, dull appoint to receive the same, all such Sum and Sums of Money

which, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, ought to be p.iid rn respect of all and every

such Entry and Entries as shall be written in such Register; any Thing herein contained to the contrary

thereof notwithstanding.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge the

Entry in any Parish Register of the Burial of any Person who shall be buried from any Workhouse or

Hospital, or at the foie Expence of any Charity; nor the Entry in any Parish Register of the Birth or

Christening of any Child whose Parents shall receive, at the Time of the Birth and Christening of such

Child, any Parish Relief.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the Provisions of this Act, with respect to the

Register of Births, Burials, and Marriages, shall extend to the People called Quakers; and that the Re-

gifters of Births, Burials, and Marriages, now kept by them, shall be fuojedt and liable to the Stamp-

duties hereby imposed upon the Registers of Births, Burials, Marriages, and Christenings; any Thing

herein, or in any other Law, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver-general of the Stamp-duties at the He2d

Office, and the Head Distributors of Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or other Person or Persons

duly appointed by the major Part of the said Commissioners of Stamp-duties to receive the Duty, by

this Act imposed, shall make an Allowance to every Parson, Vicar, Curate, or other Person receiving

the said Duty, as a Recompence for his Trouble in accounting for the fame, at and after the Rate of

two Shillings in the Pound, out of the Monies by them regularly accounted for, and paid to such Receiver-

ner*l

V^OOQIC

