A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 45. 337

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaiti, That th;s Act shall be deemed and taken Pubiick. A a.

to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by ail judges, Justices, and other Per-

fons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLV.

An Act: for regulating the Proceedings of the Court of Justicrary, and Circuit Courts, in

Scotland.

t'ion of Justice throughout that Part of the United Kingdom, by the King's Courts and 'Judges there ; and for

% obliging all Persons a Hi ng as Procurators, IK titers, or Agents in the Law in Scotland to take the Oaths

4 and for rendering the Union of the two Kingdoms more complete-,) it is amongst ether things enacted, 1 hat

• it shall and may be lawful to and for any P^rcy or Parties conceiving himself or theml'clvcs aggrieved

4 by any Interlocutor, Decree, Sentence, or Judgement <»f any of the inferior Judges therein men-

• tioned, concerning Matters criminal, of whatever Nature or Extent the fame may be, except all

4 Cafes which in‘er the Loss of Life, or Demembration, or in Matters civil, where the SubjMt Matter

4 of the Suit did not exceed in Value the Sum of twelve Pounds Sterling, to complain and feck Relief

4 against the fame by Appeal to the next Circuit Court of the Circuit wherein such inferior Court shall

4 lie, to be proceeded in before the said Circuit Court, in the Way and Manner therein directed; and it is

4 thereby enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March, in the Year of our Lord one

4 thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, the Circuit Court shall be regularly held tfoice in every Year,

4 within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and the Judges theieof mail continue by the Space

4 of fix Days at the least, at each Town or Place where the Circuit Courts shall be held for the Dispatch

4 of Business: And whereas it has been found from Experience, that few Appeals have been taken or

4 brought from the inferior Courts to the Circuit Courts, either in Matters criminal or civil, Parties con-

4 ceiving themselves aggrieved by the Judgements or Decrees of the inferior Courts, chooling to take

4 their Appeals by Advocation or Suspension, and to have the fame heard and dilcufled bcfoie the Courts

4 of Judiciary and Session, in the Course of Law as formerly established, rather than by the summary Re-

4 medy of Appeal to the Circuit Courts, whereby one Branch of Business in these Circuit Courts is

4 greatly abridged, and thereby the Continuance of the Judges at each Circuit Town for the Space of

4 fix Days is become unnecessary : And whereas the Judges continuing at any Circuit Town for a longer

4 Time than may be necefl'ary for dispatching and fimshing the Business brought before them, is attended

4 with many Inconveniencies to the Publick, and an unnecefLry Expence to the Judges, Jury, and whole

4 Members of Court, as well as the Sheriffs and inferior Magistrates, who, by Law, are obliged to at*-

4 tend the Judges while they continue at the Circuit Towns; for Remedy whereof,’ may it please your

Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Judiciary,

and the said Court is hereby authorised and required, at the Time of settling and appointing the Spring

and Autumn Circuits, that is to fa , between the fiift and twentieth Days of March, and li ft and-

twentieth Days of August, in each Year, by an Act nr Minute to be rccoiJcd in the Books or Ad-

journal, to declare and determine how long the Judge or Jug^s (h.d! continue and remain in each Cir-

cuit Town or Place of the respective Districts ; at the Expiration of which Time so to be limited and

declared, the Justice-Ayre at such 7'own or Place shall be concluded and ended, the Jury, Sheriffs, and

other Magistrates, discharged from their Attendance, and the Judge or Judges not obliged to continue

longer in such Town or Place ; any T hing in the atoielaiu Act tu the contrary notwithstanding.

11. Provided always, That if any "Trial or Matter Civil or Criminal shall happen to be begun or en-

tered upon, and not concluded and determined, before dapfing of the I ime so to be limited and declared

for the Judge or Judges continuing in each Ciicuit Town or Piace, it shall nevertheless be proceeded in,

and the Judge or Judges, and Jury, shall not be at Liberty to depart or leave the said (own or Place till

the fame is c-ncluded and determined: And provided also, That the Judge or Judges of the Circuit

Courts shall continue, and the Sheriffs and othrr Officers shall attend thtrn, by the Space of three whole

Days at the least at each Town or Place whcie the Cncuit shall be held, but that the Jury shall be dif-

charged from their Attendance as soon as the Business may admit.

continue three whole Dayi

Preamble.

zo G*o. II.

cap. 43, *-

ciccd.

Court of Juf*

ticiary to de-

termine ho*r

Jong the

Judgis shall

remain in cacb

Circuit Town.

All Triali

brgun be-

fore the li-

mned 7'tnc

it elapsed,

shall be fi.lift-

ed.

Judge*, She-

ri fls, Arc. to

in each Town.

4 III. And whereas by an Act, made in the twen:y-fi ft Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty RCnui of

4 King George the Second, intituled, An Aid for the mote effectual T/ial and Punishment of High Ireason, *1 Geo. H*.

4 and Misprision of High Treason. in the Hi ft. lands of Scotland j and for abrogating the Practice of taking cap. 19.

4 down the Evidence in JVriting in certain criminal Prosecutions; and for makingJomefurther Regulations re-

4 lating to Sheriffs Depute and Stewarts Depute, and their Snbjlitutes; and for other Purposes therein men-

* tionedand reciting, 4 That whereas the taking down and reducing into Writing the Evidence given in

4 criminal causes and Prosecutions (not extending to the Lois of Life, or Co Demembration) before the

4 Court of Judiciary, and the Circuit Courts, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, had, by Ex-

cellence, been found very inconvenient, and to occasion great Delay as well as hxpence ; it is thereby

4 enacted/ That, from and after rbe fi ft 1 )*y July, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hun-

4 dred and forty-eight, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Judiciary, and the said rdpeetive

4 Circuit Courts, to proceed in, try, and determine, all causes and Pxolecations before them for any

4 Ciime

V ^00

