The TITLES of the STATUTES.

of an Act passed in the fourth and fifth Years of the

Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anney intituled. An

Attfor making the River Stower navigableyfrom the Town

of Maningtree, in the County of Eilex, to the Town of

Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, in the Room and

Place of those named in the said Act who are since dead ;

and for explaining and amending the said Act; and for

other Purposes therein raenrioned

76. An Act for building a new Church and Rectory H )use

within the Parish of Efcricky in the County of York \

and for confirming an Agreement with the Rector of

the said Parish, for exchanging and exonerating from

Tythes certain Lands and Tenements in Efcrick afore-

said.

77. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers, of two Acts of the ninth and twenty-

eighth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second,

for amending and keeping in Repair such Part of the

Roads described in the last-mentioned Act as leads from

the End of Culham Bridge next to Culhamy in the County

of Oxford, to the End of Bur ford Bridge next to Abing-

dony in the County of Berks5 and from The Mayor's

Stone at the End of Boar Street, in the Town of Abing-

don aforesaid, to Shippon, in the said County of Berks9

and from thence to the Weft End of the Town of Fyfieldy

in the same County.

78. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the first Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the

Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through

the Towns of Penryn, Helftone, and Marazion, and

from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridgey and

two hundred Feet to the IVeJlward of the said River and

Bridge

79. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading

from the Port of Borrowfiownnefs by the Weft of the

Borough oi Linlithgowy and by the Towns of Torphicheny

Bathgate, and lVhiteburny and from thence Southward to

the Confines of the County of Linlithgowy at or near

Hollhouseburn.

So. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading

from the Town of Denbigh to the Town of Saint Afaphy

and from thence to the Town and Port of Ruthlandy in

the Counties of Denbigh and Flint; and for repealing

an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of his late Ada-

j^fty King George the Second, so far as the fame relates

to the said Road

81. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for

repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road

near the IVeJl End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock

Bridge, and also the Road leading out of the said Roady over

Darley Bridge, to Cross Green; and also the Road leading

out of the Iqjl mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near

Rowefley Bridge, in the County of Derby.

82. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

IVilmflow Bridge, in JVilmjlow, in the County of Chester%

through Nether Alder ley and the Town of Congletony

to or near the Red Bull in Church Lawtony in the said

County.

83. An Act for repairing, widening, and altering the Road

from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moory

near Nortony in the County of Derby, to Hathersage, in

the same County, through the several Parithes of Nor-

tony Dronfield, and Hatnerfagey in the said County of

Derby; and also the Road from the Road leading from

Chesterfield to Hernstone Lane Heady near St oney Middle -

Un7 to' Tot ley y through the Several Parishes of Bakewelly

Hopey Hatherfagey and Dronfieldy all in the said County

of Derby.

8p An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en~,

larging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-second

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Mod-

bury, through the Tc<wn of Plympton, to the North End of

Lincotta L^ne, in the County of Devon.

85. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the second Y ear of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An sift for amending, widening, and keep-

ing in Repair, several Reads therein mentioned, lying in the

Counties of Leictfter and Warwick, and in the County of

the City of Coventry.

fc.6. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, made in

the thirty-third Year of his Inte Majesty King George the

Second, /^ amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

several Roads leading from the Borough of Launceston, in ’

the Count) of Cornwall.

87. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a*

certain Gate on the Turnpike Road, at or near the South'

End of the Town of IVeflon on the Green, in the County

of Oxford\ to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Green, in*

the said County.

88. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in

the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

jesty, for repairing and widening the Reads from the Bo-

rough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick,-

through Alcester, in the said County, and Feckenbam, to

a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester;

and from Alcester through Great Cough ton and Crabs

Cross, in the said County of Warwick; and through

Hewell Lane and Burcoct, to the Cross of Hands, on a

Common called The Leekhay; and out of Hewell Lane,

through Church Lr.ne cwt/Tutnell, to Bromsgrove, in the

said County of Worcester.

89. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act*,

passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Seconder amending, widening,

and keeping in Repair, the High Roads from the Borough of

Tamworth to Amby-de-la-Zouch in the County of Lct-

cester, and from Sawley Ferry in the said County to a

Turnpike Gate at or near the End of Swarclifr-lane,

leading toy and in the Parish ofy Ashby-de-la-Zouch afore-

said.

90. An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of an Act

made in the first Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, for retailing and widening the Road leading from the

Eqjiern Enu of the Borough of Gram pound in the County of

Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Auftell and Loft-

withiel, and from thence to the East End of the Wefterft

Taphouse-lane in the said County.

91. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much

of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates

to repairing and widening the Roads from Deanburn-

bridge, through Greenlaw, and Part of the Jedburgh

Road by Lauder, in the Shire ^Berwick, to Cornhill, in.

the County of Durham.

92. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the thirty-

third Year of his late Majesty, for amtnrdingy widening,

and keeping in Repair,several Roads therein mentioned, lying

in the Counties of Derby, Leicester* and Warwick; and '

for amending and keeping in Repair the Rond branching

from Part of the said Roads, between' Meafham in the

said County of Derby, and Burton upon~Trenty in the

County of Staffhrdy to the Turnpike Road at or near

The BiM's Head Althouse, in Tivycrcfsy in the said County

of Leicester.: ..

An

