THE

ST AT U T E S at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Vicesimo Primo.

4 AT the Parliament begun and holders at Westminster, the thirty-first Day of October, yftww Domini

4 /-V one thousand seven hundred and eighty, in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign

^ A Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Groat Britain, France, and Ireland'%

4 King, Defender of the Faith, fcfc.

4 Being the first Session of the fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.*

CAP. L

An Act to extend the Provisions contained in an Act, passed in the last Session of Par-

liament (intituled, An Act to prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience which may arise to She-

riffsy Gaolers, Suitors, Prisoners, others, the Prisoners in several Gaols in the Counties

of Middlesex Surrey, and the City of London, having been set at Liberty during the

late Tumults and Insurrections), to Persons arrested and bailed since the Destruction of

the said Gaols, and before the fame shall be repaired, or ocher Prisons substituted in Lieu

thereof.

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the last Session of the last Parliament (intituled, An Act to

4 W prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience which may arise to Sheriff's, Gaolers, Suitors, Prisonersy or

4 others by the Prisoners in several Gaols in the Counties of Middlesex aria Surrey, and the City of London,

4 having been set at Liberty during the late Tumults and lnjurreftions)9 divers Provisions were made for the

4 Purposes therein particularly mentioned and expressed, which were to be in Force until the Prisons of

the Kings Bench and the Fleet should be repaired and made fit for the Reception of Prisoners, or other

4 Prison or Prisons substituted in Lieu thereof, and the fame should be notified in the London Gazette by

4 one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State: And whereas it has not yet been practicable to re-

4 pair the said Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleety so as to malce the fame fit for the Reception of Prison-

4 ers, and no other Prisons have been substituted in Lieu thereof j and Doubts have arisen, whether Per-

4 fons who have been arrested and given Bail since the Destruction of the fakl Prisons, or who may hereafter

4 be arrested and give Bail before the said Prisons are repaired, or other Prisons substituted in Lieu thereof,

4 are within the Intent and Meaning of the Provisions of the said Act be it therefore enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. and by the Authority of the same, That in

case any Defendant in any Action or Information, in London or Middlesex, hath, since the Destruction of

^ the said Prisons, surrendered, or been surrendered j or before the said Prisons of the King's Bench and the

Fleet respectively shall be repaired, or other Prison or Prisons be substituted in Lieu thereof respectively,

and Notice thereof given in the London Gazettey as in the said Act is mentioned, {hall tender to furre^der,

or hath been or shall be tendered to be surrendered in Discharge of Bail, or shall be taken in Execution

by virtue of any Process issuing out of any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVeJIminJIery such De-

fendant shall be inticled to the fame Privileges, Benefits, and Advantages, and subject to the fame Pe-

nalties and Disabilities, and with the fame Indemnity for the Martha! of the King's Bench, or Warden of

the Fleet respectively, as any Defendant who was arrested before the Destruction of the said Prisons, and

who has surrendered, or has been surrendered, in Discharge of Bail, would be by virtue of the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until the said Prisons of the King's Bench

and rhe Fleet respectively shall be repaired and made fit for the Reception of Prisoners, or other Prison

or Prisons substituted in Lieu thereof, and the fame notified in the London Gazette by one of hit Mai eft y's

Principal Secretaries of State, no Debtor shall be removed or turned over, by virtue of any Writ of

Habeas Corpusy from any Gaol whatsoever* to the Custody of the Marshal of the King's Bench or Warden

of the Fleet; and the said Marshal and Warden respectively shall be indemnified with respect to all Dc-

Vol. XIV. Part I. S fendants

^.oc

Preamble.

ao Geo. HI,

Cap. 64. re-

cited*

Defend anti in

any Actions, In

London or Mid-

dlesex, since the

Destruction of

the King’*

Bench end Fleet

Prison?, who

have surrender-

ed, or who, be-

fore the said

Prisons shall be

repaired, shall

futrender, See.

shall be inticled

to the fame Pu-

vilegea as those

arrested before

the late Riots.

No Debtor to he

removed, by Ha-

beas Corpus, into

the Ring’s

Bench or Fleet

Prisons, before

they ate repair-

ed, &c.

