A.D. I7#r. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III; C. 13, 14. 11

c a great Part of which still remains due: And whereas, in order to finish the Repairs now carrying on,

€ and to make the/aid Harbour more extensively uftful, it will be neceiidry to raise a ftiJJ further large

Slim of Money; which cannot be done without the further Assistance of Parliament, the said additional

1 Farthing per Chalder on Coals expiring upon the fuss Day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and

c eighty-one May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons* in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the

said additional Duty of one Farthing per Cnalder on Coals, given and granted by the said Act of the

twenty-third Year of his late Adajeity’s Reign, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be continued,

from the Expiration thereof, upon the said iirft Day ofstine* one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one,

for and during the further Term of thirty-one Years: And the said additional Duty hereby continued shall

be, and is hereby declared to be vested in the Trustees, and other Persons, and thiir Succcilors, mentioned

and described in the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his late Majesty; who are hereby declared to

have all the different Powers and Authorities, and to be subjeift to the like Regulations, Provisoes, and

Restrictions, for collecting, receiving, recovering, and being pofftffed of the said additional Duty, and

for mortgaging, aligning, laying out, and expending the lame, and the Money to arise therefrom, in

repaying the present Woiks of the said Harbour and Piers, and in doing and construcfting such other

Works as shall f*om Time to Time be found necessary for the Benefit of the said Harbour, as are given,

granted, prescribed, reciced, and enacted, by the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his late Majesty,

with respect to the said additional Duty thereby granted., as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Pur-

poies, as if the said Act, and the Powers and Provisions therein contained, recited and enforced, had been

repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

il. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences in and about obtaining and passing this

Ad, shall, as soon as the lame can be conveniently done, be paid out of the Monies already raised by

virtue of the said Act of the twenty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, or out of the

Monies to arise by virtue of this Ach

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public A<£i; and shall

be judicially raken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Perforrs whomsoever, without

specially pleading the same.

Duty further

cmtin'ie<i for*

31 Vcais,.

F»p-nces of

Act how to be

paid.

Public A<5V-

CAP. XIII.

An Act for rendering effectual an A<5h made in the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, for the better

Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Stow, in the County of Suffolk.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for raising a certain Sum by way of Annuities, and a Lottery; and for consolidating certain An-

nuities', which were made one joint Stock by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his pre-'

sent Majesty, with certain Annuities consolidated by several Acts made in the twenty-fifth and twenty-

sixth Years of the Re.gn of King George the Second, and in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty.

u Preamble. 12,0c o,otfc /. to be raised by Annuities, and 480,000l. by a Lottery. Contributors to the

44 Sum of 1 .,co ,000l. to be intitled to certain Annuities; which shall be charged upon the SinkingFund.

44 Contributors shall be intitled to one Quarter’s Annuity, at 4 A per Cent, from Jan. to April 1781 ;

M and from that Time shall be paid half-yearly. Every Contributor of 1,000A shall, upon Payment of

“ 4oL more, be intitled to four Lottery Tickets. Preamble; reciting, that Books have been opened at

44 the I3ank, and Depf.fits made, pursuant to a Resolution of the House of Commons. All Persons who

44 havemidc Dcpolns, p-irfuant to the aforesaid Resolution, are required to pay the Remainder of their

44 Subscriptions at ce.tain Times speciffed. Subscribers to the Annuities to be allowed Interest for all

44 Monies paid in Advance. Subscribers to the Lottery, on paying in the Whole of their Subscriptions*

44 shall receive Tickets to the Amount thereof. Subscribers to the 12,000,000l. intitled to Annuities of

14 3 i per Cent.; and also to an Annuity of 4/. per Centboth payable half yearly. Annuities to be pny-

44 able and transferrable at the Bank of England, See. Caftier of the Bank to give Receipts to Contri-

“ butors for Money received; which shall be assignable. Cashier to give Security, to the good Liking of

44 the Comn.ilftoners of the Treasury; and to pay all Monies received into the Exchequer. Commission-

44 ers of the Treasury impowered to app'y the Money paid in by the Cashier. A Book to be provided in

4< the Accountant-general’s Office, in which Contributors Names shall be entered, tfe. AfterContri-

44 butors shall have paid their Subscriptions, they will be intitled to receive the Annuities granted by this

“ A&; white, ill all be Tax-free, Subscriptions paid in Part, and not completed, shall be forfeited to the

44 Public. A> -oon as Contributors have completed their Payments, the Sums subscribed shall, in the

44 Books of th. Bmk, be placed to their Credit. Annuities charged on the Sinking Fond. Governor,

44 L'e. of lire d ank, to appoint a Chief Cashier. and Accountant-general. Monies to be issued at the

c< Exchequ to the Chief Calbier, for Payment of Annuities created determined by this AdE Accountant-general

44 to examine Receipts and P yments. Annuities to be deemed personal Estate. Books to be kept by the

4< Accountin' general, whe’An shall be entered all Transfers of Sums advanced on this AcK Method of

Cc transfer - ing. Pencils p^lfiff d of S;ock may devise the fame by Will, C’c. ^ Gommissioners of the

4< Treafu / unpowered 10 defray the incidental Expences attending the Execution of this Act. The 3.

“ per Cen Annuities gr n-ted by this Act, shall be added to the 3 per Cent Confols. transferable at the

44 Bank. The per Cent. Annuities granted by this Ac>, shall be added to the fame Fund as the t per

C i

,

26’ogle

