A.D. 1782, Anno vicesimo secundo Georon III.

C. 4.7*

2°9

Limitation at

the Sale of

Chancei, Ac,

penalty on Per-

ftm felling

Shares of Tick-

ets not their

Property.

Comnvflnner*

to eflahl fh an

Office, in Lon-

don or Wtft.

minrtcr, where

Tickrti fluil be

any smaller Share or Shares of any Ticket car Tickets, in any Lottery, than a Sixteenth, or publish any

Proposals for felling any (mailer Share or Shares, every such Person shall, for every Offence in so doing,

forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and further, the Contract on every such Sale of a smaller Share than a*

Sixteenth shall be void in Law.

XUL 4 And, in order to prevent all adventuring with Lottery Tickets in any such Lottery as aforesaid,

4 other than such as shall necessarily arise from the real and actual Sale of such Tickets, and of such Shares

4 thereof, as are hereby permitted/ be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or

Perforrs to fell the Chance or Chances of any Ticket or Tickets, in any such Lottery as aforesaid, fora

Day, or any less Time than the whole Time of drawing in any such Lottery, or to insure for or against the

drawing of any such Ticket or Tickets, or to receive any Money or Goods in Consideration of any Agree-

ment to repay any Sum or Sums, or to deliver the fame, or other Goods, if any such Ticket or Tickets

shall prove fortunate or unfortunate, or on any other Chance or Event relative to the drawing of any such*

Ticketor Tickets, whetheras to their beingdrawn fortunate or unfortunate, or the Time of their beingdrawn,

or otherwise howsoever; or und.'r any Pretence, Device, Form, Denomination, or Description whatfo-

ever, to promise or agree to pay any Sum or Sums, or to deliver any Goods, or to do or forbear doing any

Thing for the Benefit of any Person or Persons, whether with or without Consideration, on any Event of

Contingency relative or applicable to the Drawing of any such Ticket or Tickets, or to pubiim any Pro-

posal for any of the Purposes aforesaid $ and if any Person or Persons shall offend against this A# in any of Entity,

the Matters aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds;

and further, the Contract in every such Cafe shall be void.

XIV. And to prevent felling Shares of Tickets by any Persons, except the real Proprietors thereof,

and felling Shares of any Ticket beyond the Number of Shares equal to the Whole thereof / be it further

enabled, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to fell any Share or Shares of any Ticket or

Tickets, in any such Lottery as aforesaid, without being the Owner or Owners of such Ticket or Tickets

at the Time of felling such Share or Shares thereof, or to fell any Share of any Ticket beyond such Num-

berof Shares as, being added together, shall be equal to the Whole of such Ticket; and all and every Person

and Persons who shall offend against this A#, in either of those Refpe#s, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XV. And the more effectually to prevent Abuses in the felling of Shares of Lottery Tickets/ be if

further eoa#ed, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, before the Time

herein after appointed for the Commencement of this A#, establish an Office, in the City of London or

Westminster, for the Deposit of Tickets intended to be sold in Share?; and every Ticket in any such Lot

tery as aforesaid, before it shall be divided into or fold in Shares, shall be brought to the said Office, and

shall be there deposited and left with the; Receiver-general of his Majesty’s Stamp-duties, or some Per- cieponted before

son or Persons to be appointed by him to receive the same; and who is and arc hereby authorized and re- the> m &arcd#

quired to receive the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Agreement for the Sale of a Share of any such Ticketor ah Agreement*

Tickets fotobe deposited as aforesaid, shall beexpressed on a Piece of written or printed Paper, Vellum, or for share* tob*

Parchment, and shall be impressed with some Mark, Device, or Stamp, to be from Time to Time pre- °n fticr»Ped

(bribed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, for that Ptirpose; but the said Receiver-

general, or the Person or Persons so to be appointed by him, shall not deliver out, impresseJ with any

Mark, Device, or Stamp, more Shares for any one such Ticket than, being added together, shall amount

to the Value of a wholeTicket, nor shall so impress with any Mark, Device, or Stamp, any smaller Share

than a Sixteenth, or any Share of a Ticket other than such as is permitted by this A#; and if such Re-

ceiver-general, or the Person or Persons so to be appointed by him, shall deliver out any Share, other than

such as he or they are hereby authorised to have, impressed with any such Matk, Device, or Stamp, he or

they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit fifty Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver-general of his Majesty’s Stamp-duties, or Receiver*.general

such Person or Persons, so to be appointed by him to receive Tickets to be divided in Shares, shall, upon to give a Receipt

the Receipt of any such Ticket, or any Number of such Tickets as aforesaid, give a Receipt in Writing

for the fame; which Receipt shall express the Day of receiving the Ticket or Tickets, the Lottery to

which the Ticket or Tickets shall belong, the Number or Numbers of the Ticket or Tickets so received,

and the Name or Names of the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, and also that such Ticketor Tickets is or

are received in pursuance of this A#, and doth or do accordingly remain in the Hands of the said Receiver-

general, or such Person or Persons to be appointed by him to receive the same, to be disposed of as is hereby

di rebled.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That each and every such Ticket in the said Lottery, so to be de-

posited with the said Receiver-general, for the Purpose of being afterwards fold into Shares, shall remain

and continue in the Custody and Possession of the said Receiver-general, or of the Person or Persons so to

be appointed by him as aforesaid, until the Expiration of three Days after the Drawing of such Picket in

the said Lottery, and that, on the Expiration of three Days next after the drawing of such Ticket in

the said Lottery, such Ticket shall be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof, his, her, or their Agent

or Agents, Affi^nee or Assignees, upon producing the Receipt of the said Receiver-general, or of such other

Person or Persons so to be appointed by him as aforesaid, for the fame: And in case any such Ticker, so to be

deposited as aforesaid, shall remain unclaimed at the End of two Years from the Day of the Drawing

thereof, the Money (if any) to arise by the Sale of such Ticket shall be retained in the Hands of the said

Receiver-general for the Time being, and be applied in defraying the Expences of the Stamp-office in exe-

cuting this A#, and otherwrfe in such Manner as is herein-after mentioned.

XIa. And be it further enacted, That a Book or Books shall be kept by the said Receiver-general, or the

Person or Persons so to be appointed by him as aforesaid, who shall truly and fairly enter and reyiller in

such Book or Books, the Number of every Lottery Ticket which shall be deposited in the said Office, in

Vol. XIV. Part II. E e pursuance

for Tickers

brought (0 be

/hired.

All such Tickets

to remain in his

Custory three

J)m *f«r they

arc d iwn.

The Numbers

?!! f'c-

p. h eJ t )-*

Office talc e.i-

