48

C. 38.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 17 8 r.

and may levy

upon the Goods

of the Farty.

In case Party ab-

Iconds, second '

Execution may

be illucii.

‘ If Court order

L»cht .0 be paid-

by In'1-tlment?,

upon Default

P.xecu ion to if-

1»« I of the

Whole.

On Evccnrion,

Clerk to indot

the Debt and

Coll?, and

of Execution.

In what Cafe to

be frpcrieded.

Parties may

compn.mise

vntho t Leave

of the Court.

Giving a difefe-

tionary Power to

Coram ilfioncii

in rtl’pest to

Imprjlonment

and Execution.

/ft'»rnies r.ot

ptiv.lc^eJ.

Serjeant suffer-

ing Escape, or

Goods tr be ear-

ned away, to

pay the D.bt and

jCoiU.

Common Gaol or Hnufe of Correction Tor the said Town, there to remain until he, (Tie, or they, fiull

perform and obey such Order, Decree, or Judgment; so as no Persons shall remain in Confinement, upon

any such Execution, for a longer Space than thfee Calendar Months; and, by virtue of any such Precept

issued upon Execution awarded against the Goods of nnv such Party, shall and may, and is hereby nn-

powered to levy, by Diltreis and bale of the Goods of such Party, being within the said Town and Liber-

ties of Leverlc^ or Parishes of the fame, such Sum or Sums of Monty, and Coifs, as shall be (o ordered,

decreed, and adjudged; and if the Party against whose B<dy or Goods any such Execution shall he

awarded, and Pioceis thereupon shall issue, shall, by absconding, or by feceting his, her, or their Goods,

or by any ocher Means prevent or evade the Service or Filed of ary such Execution, it shall and may be

lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in such Court, being

a Majority of the said Court, upon due Proof made to them, by the Oath or Oaths of one or more cre-

dible Witness or Witnesses, that the Service or Effet of the said Execution hid been prevented or evaded,

at their Discretion to award another Execution, cipher against the Body or GoncU of such Party; anil

Process shall issue thereupon, and be served by the Serjeant of the said Court, in Manner as is afotcfaid :

And in case the Lid Court shall at any Time, up< n the Rrqwft, and for the E.ife and Convenience of

the Defendant or Defendants, order, decree, or adjmjge a Dv (>t due to the Plaintiff or Piainnfft, to be

paid by several Payments, upon the firlEDefault ot Failure of any of the said P ynients so or ered, de-

creed, and adjudged-, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of th< m, afkmbled in such Court,

being a Majority of the said Court, at the lnftar.ee of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of

the said Default or Failure, shall and may award Execution for the whole Debt, or such Part the.’et f as

shall remain unpaid at the 'l ime of such Default or Failure, together with such further Coifs as to them

shall seem meet, to be recovered by the fame Methods and Means as are heiein provided for the Recovery

of a Debt and Colts first decreed, the former Order, Decree, or Judgment, to the contrary n ,wah-

standing.

v X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Precept to be issued upon

Execution awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons, the Clerk ,of the said Couit shall

Jndorfe, or cause to be indorsed, the Sum or Sums, and CofE, so ordered, decreed, or adjudged ; and if

the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded, respecfively shall, before any actual Sale of the

Goods, oriefoie he or she is apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his ' 1 her Impnfon-

ment, pay or cause to be paid or tendered unto the Clerk, of the said Com r such Sum or S^ s, and Cods,

together with one Shilling as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying over the said Debt and

Costs, and entering Acknowledgment of Satisfaction in full for the lame, and also the Sum of two Shil-

lings and Sixpence for Gaol Fees (in case such Person or Persons shall have been committed to Pnfon),

then, and in any such Cafe, the Execution shall be superfeded, and the Body or Goods of the i*id Furry

shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

XI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the Parties in any Suit which shall be brought in the said Court, to compromise and settle such Suit, cither

before Hearing or after Judgment, without having the Leave of or being obliged to apply to the said

Court, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, for that Purpose, and without any further or other Costs

than those which shall have been then incurred.

4 XIE And whereas it is but just and humane, and would tend to promote Integrity and Industry, if the

4 diligent, honest, and unfortunate Defendant or Debtor was distinguished and (incriminated, as much as

4 can be, in the Judgment or Decree of the Commissioners, from such as (with an Intent to defraud their

4 Creditors of their just Debts, and in order to prevent -their recovering the fame) shall fell, secrete, or

4 dispose of their Goods and Chanels, or remote the fame out of the Jurisdiclion of the said Court, or by

4 an extravagant, djffolute, idle, or negligent Course of Life, shall disable themselves from paying their

4 just Debts, or, from obstinate or di(honest Principles, shall rtffufe to pay such Debts / be it therefore

further enacted, Th*t in case it shall appear to any three or^more of the said Commissioners, being the

Majority of such Commissioners upon the hearing of any Cause, or afterwards, to their full Satisfaction,

in open Court, that the Debtor or Defendant therein is unable to pay and discharge the Debt therVby de-.

manded, from some unavoidable Accident, and not from any of the aforesaid causes, then, and in that

Cafe, such Commissioners shall not award Execution against the B^dy of such last mentioned Defendant

or Debtor; nor shall the B^d and Bedding, or woiking Tools, of himself or Family, be taken or fold

by any Fieri Facias, or other Execution; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwith-

standing.

XIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Privilege, or pretended Privilege,

shall be allowed to exempt any Person liable to be fummnned by virtue of this Act, from the Jurisdiction

of the said Court of Requtfts, on account of his being a sworn Attorney or Solicitor of any of the Courts

at Westminster, or of any other Courts whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Serjeant of the said Court, who

shall be empl. yed to serve an Execution, shall, by wilful or notorious Neglect or Connivance, cause or

fufter the Party, against whom such Execution shall be awarded, to escape or abfeord, or the Goods of

such Party to be carried away or iecreted, so that such Execution shall not h.ive its due Effect, it shall and

may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, aflrmbled at any such

Court, being a Majority of the said Court, upon Complaint made, and due Proof thereof, upon the Oath

or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Serjeant to pay the Sum or Sums

of Money, for which the said Execution was awarded, to the Party complaining, and to enforce the

Payment thereof by the fame Methods and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of other

Debts.

XV. AnJ

