3+2

Kevr Duties to

commence on

August if 17S35

viz.

Bills of Ex-

change, Promis-

1‘ory or other

Notes, Draft! or

Orders, under

501. to pay a

If 501. or of-

wards, to pay It-

From Sept. 1,

17S3, the fol-

iowing Stamp-

dtties shall be

paid} fit-

Receipts for % I.

and under 101-

to pay a d, each:

For xo 1. and up-

wards, 4 d. each.

Exemption of

Drafts and Or-

ders, for Pay-

ment of Money

oq Demand, up.

00 Bankers li-

ving within 10

Miles of ih?

Drawer, Sec%

Exemption of

Receipts given

by Seamen or

Soldiers for

Wager or Pen-

fiooi due from

Not to extend to

Bills of Ex-

change, Arc. in

Scotland, not

exceeding 21».

Bills of Ex-

change, Pro-

mi duty Notes,

Sec. under

101. payable on

Not to extend to

Receipt? on so-

reign Bills of

Exchange.

No fore gn Bill,

dec. chargeable

with morn than

6d. each Copy.

Exemption of

Note?, Sec. if-

sued by the Bank,

in consideration

of ii.oooo i, per

Annum.

C. 49. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

II. And be It further enacted, That, from and after the ft id first Day of Augujty one thousand, seven

hundred and eighty-three, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of

Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefl'ors, the several Rates and Duties

following; that is to say, # '

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Foreign or

Inland Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, ot other Note, Draft, or Order, {hall be engrossed, written,

or printed,* where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall not amount to the Sum of

fifty Pounds, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of Sixpence:

Sump-duty of 6d. t

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Foreign or

Inland Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order, {hall be engrossed, written, or

frinted, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, {hall amount to the Sum of tifty

bunds, or upwards, there {hall be charged a Stamp-duty of one Shilling.

III. And be it enacted, That, from and after the first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-three, there {hall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain,

unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflots, the several Rates and Duties following; that

is to say,

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, or other

Discharge given upon the Payment of Money, amounting to two Pounds, and not amounting to the Sum

of twenty rounds, shall be ingiofled, written, or printed, there {hall be charged a Stamp-duty of Two-

pence :

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt, or

other Discharge given upon the Payment of Money, amounting to the Sum of twenty Pounds, and up-

wards, {hall be ingrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged a Stamp duty of Pour-pence.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained {hall extend to

charge any Draft or Order, for the Payment of Money on Demand, upon any Banker, or Person or Pe/fons

acting as a Banker, tefiding or transading the Buficnls of a Banker, within ten Aides of the Place of Abode

of the Person or Persons drawing such Draft or Order; or to charge any Receipt for any Morey paid into

the Bank of England, or the House of any Banker ; or any Receipt, or other Discharge, given for any Mo-

ney received on any Dividend, payable from the Publick or Government Funds established by Parliament;

or any Receipt given on the Back of any Bill of Exchange, Promiflery or other Note, stamped in pursuance

of this Act ; or upon any Bank Note, or Bank Poll Bill; or to any Letter acknowledging the safe Arrival

of any Bills, Notes, or Remittances; or any Receipt indorsed on, or contained in the Body of any Deed^

Bond, Mortgage, or other obligatory Instrument, already directed to be stamped by any Law now in

being; or to any Release or Acquittance by Deed ; or to any Receipt given by the Treasurer of the Navy

for any Money imprefted to, or received by him, for the Service of the Navy; or to the Receipt

of any Agent for Money imprefted by or to him on account of the Pay of the Army or Ordnance;

or to any Receipt given by any Officer, Seaman, or Soldier, or their Representative, for or on Account of

any Wages, Pay, or Pennon, due to them from the Navy, Army, or Ordnance ; or to any Receipt given

upon any Navy, Victualling, or Ordnance Bill, issued, or to be issued, before the said first Day of September,

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three,

the Nary, Army, Sec.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained {hall extend, or

be construed to extend, to charge any Bill of Exchange, Promissory or other Note, Draft or Order,

payable upon Demand, issued in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, where the Sum expressed there-

in, or made payable thereby, shall not exceed the Sum of twenty-one Shillings.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to charge any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order,

payable upon Demand, with any higher Stamp-duty than the Sum of'Three-pence, where the Sun*

expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to the Sum of ten Pounds.

Demand, to pay only 3 d.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained {hall extend, or be construed

to extend, to any Receipt given upon the Back of any Foreign Bill of Exchange.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Foreign Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other

Note, Draft, or Order, {hall be charged with any higher Stamp-ducy tnun Six- ence ; but that every

Duplicate and Triplicate of such Foreign Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft#

or Order, {h^ll be chargeable with the like Stamp-duty of Six- pence.

IX. And whereas it may be proper to exempt all Promissory and other Notes and Bills, issued by the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, from the Payment of the Stamp-duties imposed by this

Act upon Promissory and other Notes, in consideration and upon Payment of a certain Sum of Money

in lieu thereof; be it therefore ena£led, That all Promissory and other Notes and Bills issued by the said

Governor and Company of the Bank of En^laruly shall be exempted from the Stamp-duties heieby imposed

upon Promissory and ether Notes, upon Payment of the annual Sum of twelve thousand Pounds, by the

said Governor and Company, into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, by half-yearly Payments;

such Payments to be made on or before the tench Day of October, and the fifth Day of April# in every Year;

any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstandingr* a a

5  VjUOv Rl And

