26

Officers to at-

tend igrecable to

Notice; when

the Makers a»e

t6 f roduce their

Stock intended

to be charged.

Penalty on Pa-

per-makers who

/hall fraudulent-

ly mark sny

H('/m or Bundle

of Paper brought

to the Officer to

be charged.

Officer to {bmp

such isarejcftly

marked.

Penalty on ob-

truding Officer

in examining

Bundle;, &c.

Paper-milters to

V- ep such Paper,

as has not

bten ciurg- d and

marked, feptrite

from a’t other

St.,ck which has

been char-red,

&c, by the Offi-

cer.

Vcn Itv on

fraudulently Con-

cealing P- ptr,

Patleboard, &c,

or jtv Materials

for making the

fame.

The who In Stock

in Tr*re of Pa*

jxr-m .leers to be

liable t > all Debts

and Duties on

P>Prr, Pailc-

bo-rW, &t, made

by them.

C. 24* Anno vicesimo primo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1781.

Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Maker of Paper shall then be, a Notice in Writing of the par-

ticular Hour or Time of the Day when he or she intends to have his or her Paper, Pasteboard, Alillboard,

or Scaleboard, charged with the Duty; and evety other Maker of Paper, whose Workhouie or Work-

houses is not or are not situate in any City or Maikct Town, shall, at lead forty-eight Hours before he

or (he intends to move any Paper, give, or cause to be given, a like Notice in Writing; and in caie any

such Maker of Paper shall not, at the Hour and l ime mentioned in such Notice, or within one Hour

after, produce to the Officer all the Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, then to he charged

with the Duty, then every such Notice shall be, and is hereby declared to be, null and void, and every

such Maker of Paper shall be obliged to give a fresh and like Notice before he or she (lull so remove any

such Goods.

XXL And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer for the Duties on

Paper shall, from Time to l ime, attend agreeable to the Notice to be given as aforesaid; and when and

so loon as such Officer shall be at such Workhouse, or within one Hour after, every such Maker of Paper,

or his or her Servant or Servants, shall, and they are hereby required to produce and bring to such Offi-

cer all the Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, then intended to be charged ; which Paper

shall be brought inclosed and tied up with strong Thread or String, in several coarse Covers or Wrappers,

containing one Ream or Bundle of Paper each, and not more or less ; and on each such Cover or Wrap-

per there shall already be marked or punted, by the Maker of such Paper, or by his or her Servant, in

large legible Characters, and in Words at Length, the true Denomination of the Paper therein inclosed,

and in which T able the fame is rated, if such Paper be an enumerated Paper ; and if such Paper, so in-

closed, be not an enumerated Paper, then the true Value of such Paper shall be marked or printed in Man-

ner as aforesaid on the Cover or Wrapper inclosing the fame.

* XXII. And, to prevent Frauds which may be practised by Makers of Paper, in not putting the true

* Denominations or Values respectively on such Covers or Wrappers,’ be it enacted by the Authority

aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Officer for the Duties on Paper, at all Times, w hen

any Reams or Bundles of Paper, tied up in Wrappers or Covers and marked as aforesaid, shall be brought

to him to be charged, to untie and open every or any of the said Reams or Bundles, and to take from and

out of any of the Quires, in every such Ream or Bundle, by Way of Sample, one or more Sheet or Sheets

of Paper, not exceeding one Sheet out of each Quire, paving (if demanded) for each Sheet, lo taken

away, the Sum of one Penny ; and if such Officer shall discover in any such Ream or Bundle any Paper

or Papers of a different Denomination, or of different Value, than was marked by the Miker, or his Ser-

vant, on the Cover or Wrapper in which such Paper was respectively inclosed, then, and in such Cafe,

.every such Ream and Bundle respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and may be (eized by such Officer ;

and the Maker of such Paper shall, for every such Ofience, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the Officer attending to charge such Paper

shall be satisfied, that each Ream and Bundle of Paper so brought to be charged is properly tied and

inclosed, and that the Paper therein is really of the Denomination or Value marked on the Cover or

Wrapper, he shall forthwith (lamp or mark each and evciy such Ream and Bundle, by affixing thereon

such Mark, Sump, Imprellion, or Device, as the respective Commissioners of Kxcilc (lull or ap-

point for that Purpose.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall ob-

ftrudl 01 hinder any such Officer opening or examining any such Ream or Bundle of Paper, or in taking

such Samples as aforesaid, or in executing any of the Powers or Authorities by this Act given and granted,

he. (he, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority afoiefnd, That every Maker of Paper as aforesaid

shall, from Time to Time, keep all the Paper, Pffteboard, Millboard, 3nd Scaleboard, by him, her, or

them respectively made, and which ftnli not have been charged and marked as aforesaid by the Officer for

the Duties on Paper, separate and apirt from all other Paper and other C >mmodities aforesaid winch hath

been charged and marked by the said Officer, for the Spate of forty-eight Hours aider making the same fit

for Use, unless lucn Paper and other the Goods last-mentioned shall have been >ner charged and marked

by the said Officer, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Pounds for ea.h Offence.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T hat if any such Maker of Paper shall

fraudulently hide or conceal, or cause to be hid or concealed, any Paper, Pifteboa.d, Millboard, or

Scaleboard, chargeable by this Act, or any Materials for making the same, to the Intent to deprive his

Majesty of hi:-just Duties by this Act granred, the Party so offending shall, for every iuvh Offence, forfeit

and lolc the Sum of fifty Pounds; and all Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scalcboird, whether perfect

or imperfect, and all Materials and Utensils for making the same, which shall he found so concealed, or

which (hill be found and discovered in any private Workhouse, Warehouse, drying Room, or other Piace,

for making, keeping, or drying the fame, for which no Entry shall he nude, or Notice given, as by the

Statutes in fu h Caie nude is required, (lull be forfeited, and (lull and may be (eized by any Officer or

Officers of Excise

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Paper, Pasteboard, Mill-

board, and Scaleboard, and all *he Materials and Uienfils for the making thereof, in the Custody of any

M.iker or Makers thereof, or of any Person or Persons to the Use of, or in Trust for them, or any of

them, drill be liable and subject to, and arc he.eby made chargeable with, all the Debts and Duties for

Paper, Pasteboard, Miilhcard, and Scaleboard nv.de, in Arrear and owing by such M :ker or Makers for

any such Goods so made by him, her, or them, or in his her, or their Workhouse, Warehouse, ' r other

Place; and shall also be fuhjeci to all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Maker or Makers cf

Paper, or other Person 10 using such Workhouse or other Place, for any Offence against this Ai\ relating

to the said Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Miiiooa/d, and Scaleboard; and it shall and may be lawful in

