192

Monies ft issued

to be replaced

out of the First

Supplier

Bank of Eng-

land authorised

10 advance the

said Sum on the

Credit of tbit

Act $ an AO 5

and 6 Gul. 8c

Marine notwith-

Handing,

Recital of gt

Ceo, II, Cap.

Hi

. The said

4,500,0001,

{hall, from July

5,1781, with

the Content of

the Proprietori,

he added to the

I per Cent,

Confir a

Proprietors who

shill not signify

their Diflent be-

fore June 6,

VjH, (hill be

deemed to assent

thereto.

Preamble.

C, 35—37. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii ill, A.D. 1782.

that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors

thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be As

issued out of the said Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, or other Revenues competing the Sinking

Fund, shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in

Parliament) any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and msy be lawful

for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to Ins M; jelly, in like Manner,

at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan grunted by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Mo-

ney not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds; any Thing in an

Ad, made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Maty (intituled, An Act

for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Terfels, and upon Beer, Alty

ana other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Per Jons as

shall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the JVar against

France), to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas by an Act, made in the thirty-fi;ft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

4 George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and

4 Penficns5 and upon Houses; and upon Windows or Lights \ ami Jor raising the Sum of five millions by Annul-

4 ties, and a Lottery, to he charged on the said Rates and Duties; the Sum of four millions five hundred

4 thousand Pounds, Part of the said five Millions, was, by the said Act, made one Capital or Joint Stock

4 of Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, to continue for the

4 Term of twenty-four Years to commence and be computed from the filth D ry of July, one thousand

4 seven hundred and fifty-eight) and from and after the Expiration of the said Term cf twen*y-four Years,

the said Capital or Joint Stock cf four millions five hundred thousand Pounds, to be infilled to an An-

4 nutty of three Pounds per Centum, until Redemption by Parliament, in the Manner, and upon the No-

4 tice, in the said Act mentioned: And as ihe above 1'erm of twenty-four Yea:s will expire on the fifth

4 Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eigVy two, from tvhch Time the Annuity payable, in

4 respect of the said four millions five hundred thousand Pounds, will iland reduced to three rounds Her

4 Centum; and it may be for the Benefit and Advantage of the Proprietors of the fame, to have the said

Annuities, so reduced to three Pounds per Centum, added to other Annuities called three Pounds per Cen~

4 turn con]olidated Annuities, payable at the Bank of England\ be it therefore enabled by the Authority

aforesaid. That the said Sum of four millions fLe hundred thousand Pounds shall, with the Consent of the

Proprietors, from the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, be added to the

joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, into which the several Sums carrying an In-

terest after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum were, by several Acts, made in the twenty-

fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-first, thirty-second, and thirty-thiid Years of the Reign of his

said late Majesty King George the Second, and several subsequent Acts, converted, and shall be deemed Part

of the said Joint Stocxof Annuities; subject nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament, in such Manner,

and upon such Notice, as in the said Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of his said late Mnjrfty’s Reign,

is directed, in respect of the several and refyedive Annuities redeemable by virtue of the said Act; and that

all and every Person and Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the Money to which he,

(he, or they, are or shall be imitled determined by virtue of the said several Acts of Parliament, shall have, and be

deemed to have, a proportional interest and Share in the said Joint Stock of Annuities consolidated by this

Ad.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Proprietors who shall not, on or

before the sixth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, signify the r Dilfent to such

Consolidation as aforesaid, in Books to be opened at the Bank of England for that rurpose, shall be deemed

and taken to assent thereto) any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise not-

withstanding.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the

County of Middlesex; and for providing a proper Workhouse and Burial Ground for the Use of the said

Parish) and for opening certain Communications, and making certain Streets, within the said Parish.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, one million nine hundred thousand Pounds.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of

Brofeley, Benthall, Madclcy, Barrow, Linley, Willey, Little Wenlcck, and Dawley, and an

extra-parochial Place called Pofnall, in the County of Salop.

4 \\T HEREAS within the Parishes of Brofeley, Benthall, Madeley, Barrow, Linley, IVtlley, Little

Wenlock, and Dawley, and an extraparochial Place called Pofnall\ in the Counry of Salop, there are

several very extensive Branches of Trade, Manufacture, and Commerce, carried on, which employ several

4 thousand

