A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. C< 24, 25. 177

Thii Act not to

extend to Deeds,

&c, the Validity

whe«eof ha*

been brought i«

question before

Jjn. f, 17S2.

Purrhafes made

by Protestant»

not to be avoid*

ed, on Account

of the Title-

deeds not haying;

been inrolled,

arc.

•This Act not to

mike good any

Grant of the

Right of Pre-

sentation to any

Benefice, &c. in

Trust for any

Papist.

sand seven hundred and eighty-two, in such iManner as by the said Clause in the said fuft-mentioned

Act is directed.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make

good any such Deed, Will, or Lease, already made and not inrolled, of the Want of Inrollment whereof

Advantage shall have been taken on or before the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-two; but every such Deed, Will, or Lease, shall remain of such Force and Effect only, as the fame

would have had if this Act had never been made, and of none other Force and Effect.

4 III. And whereas many Putchafes made by Proteftanrs may be in Danger of being impeached or called

4 in question, in regard that some Deeds or Wills, through which the Title thereto is derived, ought to

4 have been inrolled according to the said Acts, but have not been so inrolled;’ be it therefore further en-

acted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Purchase made for full and valuable Consideration of any

Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Interest therein, by any Proteftam or

Protestants, and merely and only for the Benefit of the Protestants, shall be impeached or avoided, for or

by reason that any Deed or Will, through which the Title thereto is derived, hath not been inrolled as re-

quired by the said Acts, so as no Advantage was taken of Jmollment thereof before such Purchase was

made, and so as no Decree or Judgement hath been obtained for Want of the Inrollment of such Deeds

or Wills.

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein cohtained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make

good any Grant, Lease, or Mortgage, of the Advowson or Right of Presentation, Collation, Nomination,

or Donation, of and to any Benefice, Prebend, or Ecclesiastical Living, School, Hospital, or Donative, or

any Avoidance thereof, made by anyPapift, or Person professing the Popish Religion, in Trust, directly or

indirectly, mediately or immediately, by or for any such Papist, or Person profefEng the Popish Religion,

whether such Tiuft hath been declared by Writing or not.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloatbing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of Marthy one thousand seven hundred

and eighty-two.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to prohibit the ransoming of Ships or Vessels captured from his Majesty’s Subjects,

and of the Merchandize or Goods on Board such Ships or Vessels.

* tWHERE AS it is a common Practice, when Ships or Vessels are captured by the King’s Ene- Preamble.

4 YV m*C8» or by other Persons committing Acts of Hostilicies, for Persons to agree with the Captors

4 for Ransom of the fame; and for securing the stipulated Ransom, not only to give Hostages, but also to

4 bind themselves,.or the Owners, for the Payment thereof: And whereas the Practice of ransoming is

4 found, by Experience, to be liable to great Abuses, and there is Reason to apprehend that, upon the

€ Whole, it operates more to the Disadvantage than for the Benefit of his Majesty’s Subjects:’ May it

it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of After June t#

Juney one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, it shall not be lawful for any of his Majesty’s Subjects Vessels,

to ransom, or to enter into any Cootraft or Agreement for ransoming any Ship or Vessel belonging to any *ce‘

of his Majesty’s Subjects, or any Merchandize or Goods on Board the fame, which shall be captured by t0\c

the Subjects of any State at War with his Majesty, or by any Persons committing Hostilities against his

Majesty’s Subjects.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Contrafts and Agreements which shall be entered into, and all All Contnft*

Bills, Notes, and other Securities, which {hull be given by any Person or Persons for Ransom of any such and Secu-

Ship or Vessel, or of any Merchandize or Goods on Board the fame, contrary to this Act, shall be absolutely T,t,M &,v*n>c°n*

void in Law, and of no Effect whatsoever. ’

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons {haft, after the j»enalty on per,

said fi ft Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, ransom, or enter into any Contraft or son« ^nfeming*

Agreement for ransoming, any such Ship or Vessel, or any Merchandize or Goods on Board the fame, or Cflntrafting to

every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds; ianlorn* *«y

to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Sh,p* *5’

Debt, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, in which Action no Essoin, Protection, lm- tT*ryU>l 14

parlance, or Wager of Law, shall he allowed.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con- L* mitanon of

ftrued to extend, to make void any Contraft or Agreement which shall be entered into, or any Bill, Note, thi» Ad.

or ocher Security, whico shall he l iven, by any Master of a captured Ship or Vessel, or by any other Person

or Persons on Board or belonging t<> the farm , foi Ransom thereof, or of any Merchandize or Goods on

Board such Ship or Vefl'el; or to inflict any Penalty upon any Master of any captured Ship or Vessel, or

any other Person or Persons on Boaid or belonging to the fame* for ransoming, or emering into any Con-

tract or Agreement for ransoming, such Ship or V effel, or any Merchandizes or Goods on Board the iame,

until after the Expiration of two Months fiom the patting of this A&, for any Ship or Vtflrl failing

from any Foreign European Port; or until alter the K\p»raMon of four Months from the passing of this

for any Ship or V iff! lading from any Fore gn Port out of Europe•

Vol. XIV. Part II.

A a

;Ie

