A. P. x 7 83. Anno vicesimo ter do Geo roi 1 III# C. 54—5 8. 355

CAP. I.IV.

An Act for providing a proper Workhouse, within the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick^

and for better regulating the Poor within the said Parish.

CAP. LV.

An Act for building a new Gaol for the Town and County of the Town of King fton upon Hull5 for

purchasing an additional Burial Ground for the Use of the Parish of the Holy Trinity* in the said Town ;

for regulating the Fares of Hackney Coachffien, Chairmen, and Porters, and the Prices of Carriage of

Goods; for altering the Time of lighting Lamps; for ascertaining the Breadth of Party Walls, and for

preventing certain Nuisances within the said Town, Liberties, and Precincts thereof; for amending an

Act of the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty , for making and e/lablishing pub lick Quay*

cr Wharfs at Kingston upon upon Hull, in respect to such as are or may be built opposite to certain

Stauha in the said Act described; and for other Plirposes.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to allow the Drawback of the whole Duty of Customs upon the Exportation, of

Rice.

4 "WHEREAS by an Act made in this present SefHon of Parliament (intituled, An Act for allow* PretmMe;

V V ing the Importation of Rice, Paddy, Indian Corn, Indian Meal, and Maize, free of Duty, for a limited Recital ofc»p.f#

4 Time), Rice is permitted to be imported into Great Britain, from any Place whatsoever, at any Time or the prefeuc

4 Times before the thirtieth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, without

4 Payment of any Subsidy, Custom or Duty, on Importation whatsoever:’ Now, in order to encourage

the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, fy and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That, upon the Exportation of any Rice which shall be imported.into this Kingdom after the said thirtieth From Sept. 39,

Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-rhree, instead and in lieu of all former Draw- r^aw"

backs, the Exporter shall be allowed a Drawback or Allowance of all the Duties of Custorrs which were shoU D^tVof

paid upon tie Importation of such Rice; which Drawback shall be made and allowed in such Manner, Customs fblu be

and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any former Drawback or Allowance a’lowed on the

payable out of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation of such Rice, was, could, or might be paid E*p°tt»tton of

and allowed*, if this Act had not feeen made. Riw*

CAP. Lvn.

An Act for the Sale of Prize Goods secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, for which the

Duties are not paid, or the Goods exported, within a limited Time.

IT WHEREAS great Quantities of Prize Goods, which have been taken during the late Hostilitles, Preamble*

are now remaining in several Warehouses in this Kingdom, in which they were secured in pur-

4 fuance of several Afls ofrarliament made for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes with respect to the

bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom: And whereas, now the Hostilities are ceased,.

4 it is expedient that such Warehouses should be cleared of such Goods within a reasonable Time, to

4 be allowed for that PurposeBe it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if such Goods shall not be either exported^ M warehoo'eW

or the full Duties paid for the fame, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand Pr,2C Goods »re

seven hundred and eighty-five, but shall then continue and be still remaining in such Warehouses, it

stall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs at London or Edinburgh re- beforcUDec.Pi$*

spectively, or any three or more of them for the Time being, to cause such Goods so remaining to be 17*5, Coiwnifl

publickly fold, by Auction or Inch of Candle, to the best Bidder; and the Money arising by such Sale fi'wsot Cuf-

to be applied, first, in Discharge of the Duties due and payable for such Goods, and the Expences of such *0fnsmaJ

Sale; and the Overplus (if any) to be paid to the Proprietor of such Goods, or other Per (on duly

authorised tQ receive the same.

CAP. LVIIT.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional and new Duties upon Sramped

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper *, and also for repealing certain Exemptions from the

Stamp-duties.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

€.XTI7rE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament Preamble.

c IV assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies which we have freely grsnted unto your Majesty

! in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional

Coog

