A. E>. 1783, Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III,

C. 69, 70

37*

CAP. LXIX.

An A<Tc to enable the Adjutant General of his Majesty’s Forces, and the Comptrollers of

Army Accounts, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of

Postage.

Artutint Ge-

nera', and

Comptroller!

of Army Ac*

cruntf, may

fcaJ and re-

ceive Letters

frei from

PofUge,

XT 1 FIE REAS by an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled Pr^amWc.

V V An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses rn relation to the fen ling and receiving of Letters and Packets Rrcit>l

€ free f cm the Duty cf PojlageJy it is en2<5ted, That, from and auer the first Day of May* one thousand Gco*

4 leven hundred and sixty-toor, so long as the Revenue arising in the General Letter Office, or Pc ft- <JP* *♦'

4 Office, or Office of Post-master General, ill all continue to be made Part of the Aggregate Fund, no

4 Letters or Packets sent by the Poll to or from any Place whatsoever, (lull be exempted from paying

the Duty oi PoiLge, except such Letters and Packets as are therein particular 1 y excepted: "And

4 whereas the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets, free from the Duty of Portage, is

4 not, by the said Act, extended to the Adjutant General of his Majesty’s Forces for the Time being,

4 nor to the Comptrollers of Army Accounts for the Time being, who, by virtue of their respective

4 Offices, necelTarily send and receive many Letters and Packets relating to the publick Concerns of

4 these KingdomsMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

T hat, from and after the parting of this Act, the said Adjutant General of his Majesty’s Forces for the

Time being, and the Comptrollers of Army Accounts for the Time being, shall and may fend and re-

ceive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Portage, in the same Manner, and under such Rc-

ftrictions, as ether Officers mentioned in the said Act are thereby permitted, in respect of their Offices,

to send and receive the lame in pursuance of the said Act.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for the more efreftual preventing the illegal Importation of foreign Spirits, and

for putting a Scop to the private Difhilanon of British-made Spirituous Liquors-, for ex-

plaining such Part of the Act, importing a Duty upon Male Servants, as relates to the

Right of Appeal from the Justices of the Peace; to amend and rectify a Mistake in an.

Act of the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Removal of Tea from one

Part of this Kingdom to other Parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious Actions

against Officers of Excise acting in pursuance of the Authority given by Excise Statutes.

€ TT WHEREAS the illegal Importation of foreign Spirits is greatly promoted by fidlitious Entries Preamble.

of Storehouses and other Places for keeping fin h Liquois, made by evil-minded and indigent

4 Persons For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent M. jelly, by and with the

Advice and Con sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

ailembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September,

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no Seller of, or Dealer in, foreign Spirituous Liquors, re- Sept.

siding within the Limits of the Head Office of Excise in London (not being a Retailer thereof duly li- P toiVtgn sVji^

cenled thereunto), shall be permitted to make Entry of any Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cel- riiuous Liqucrv

hr. Vault, or other Place, by him, htr, or them, intended to be made use of for the keeping of so- within the L»-

reign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits, or Strong Waters, unless such Seller or Dealer, at the l ime of m'tsef the Ex-

making such Entry, {hall occupy and inhabit a Tenement or Tenements of the yearly Value of twelve

Pounds, or upwards, and for which he, she (or they, if Partners), shall be affelled in his, her, or their Reefer),'shall

own Name or Names, and shall also pay to the Parish Rates; and that no such Seller or Dealer, rertding m3^e entry of

in any other Part of the Kingdom where there are Rates to Church and Poor, {hall be permitted to make #ry Warehouse,

any such Entry, unless such Seller or Dealer shall be art’erted and pay to Church and Poor in the several *c. for keepm*

Paiifhes and Places in which they shall respectively reside; and that no Entry of any Warehouse,

Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, for keeping of foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, *£or\

Spirits, or Strong Waters, already made or hereafter to be made, as directed and required by the Statutes Tenement of

in that Cafe made and provided, shall be of any Avail to any such Seller or Dealer (not being a Re- n). per -Ann.

tailer of Spirituous Liquors, and duly licensed thereto) not so qualified, or for any longer Term than &c*

such Seller or Dealer, so making such Entry, shall be qualified as aforesaid; and every Person (not being ^hcrVIr^of

such Retailer licensed as aforeteid) felling of or dealing in foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits, or ^Kingdom,

Strong Wafers, not qualified as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding any Entry by him, her, or them maeje, unless he pay

be deemed and taken to be Seilers of and Dealers in foreign Brandy, Arracky Ruin, Spirits, and Strong to Church and

Waters, without Entry, and {lull be subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as Sellers of and Dealers Foor.

in Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits, and Strong Waters, without Entry, are, by the Statutes in such Cafe

made and provided, now subject unto.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth No Entry to be

Day of September, where any Entry shall be made, by any Seller of or Dealer in Brandy, Arrack, Rum, r^s in The

Spirits, or Strong Waters, of any Warehouse,. Stoiehoule, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, f4rre rwe for

keeping of so*

&

