166

The Lease

framed by Lord

Edgcombe to

Sir R chard Sut-

ton confirmed.

Sir Richard Snt.

ton indemnified

xvith respett to

Re nr, Arc. re-

JjTvvd in the kid

leafs.

Limitation of

Actions.

General lilac*

Treble Coftj.

Preamble,

33 Geo. II,

Cap. 17, for the

Encouragement

of making Sail

Cloth in Great

Britain, further

continued until

Sept. 29, I78S,

&C.

C. 13, Anno vicesimo fecundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

and Successors, as if such Debentures, or the Money payable thereby, bad been received by the Parties in-

titled thereto, and the Money thereon due had been fully fausfied and paid ; and such Clerk of the Peace

shall and may afterwards deliver the fame to the Party or Parties who shall appear to be inricled thereto, cn

being fully paid all such reasonable Charges and Ljqxnces (if any) as he shall or may fultain or be put unto

relating thereto.

XXIII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lease made and

granted by the said George Viscount Mount Edgcumbe and Falletort, un:o the said Sir Richard Sutton, as

herein-before is recited, and every Demifie, Grant, Covenant, Agreement, Clause, Ma ter, arid Thing

whatsoever therein contained, be, and the fame is hereby ratified and confirmed, and made good ami valid

in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be from Time to Time fully observed, performed, fulfilled,

and kept, notwithstanding any Want of Rtghc or Power of or in the said George Vila unt ARurJ Lf-

cumle and Falletort to make or execute the fame, if any such Want of Right or Power there is or dud

hereafter appear; and that the yearly IC*nt and Fines, in anil by such Leaks refeivtd or ffipuEted to be

paid, shall, from Time to Time, be paid according to the Rcfervation and Stipulate 11 in and by such

Lease; and that the said Sir Richard Sutton, his Executors, Administraters, and Alhgns, and the Lcfices,

in the renewed Leufe or Leases to be hereafter made and granted, in puifuanre of the Covenant in the said

recited Lease for Renewal thereof, from Time to Time, and his or their Kxecutois, A ;:nn:illiarms, or

Assigns respectively, shall be, from Time to Tirne, and at all Times, by the principal Ofific.rs of his AJa-

jesty’s Ordnance for the Time being, well and sufficiently fav?.d ami dckndLci, and kept nam.b is and fn-

demnified from and again!}, and in respect of, the Rent and Fines, and other Refer vations, Covenants,

Clauses, and Agreements, reserved and contained by or in such Lease and Leaks, and all Lodes, Payments,

Colts, Charges, or Expences relating thereto.

s XX(Vb And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Perfun or

Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of the aforesaid recited Acts, or either of them, or any In ing to

be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action and Suit shall be commenced within S:x Calendar

Months next after the Cause of such Action or Suit shall have arisen, and not afterwards ; and the Defend-

ant or Defendants in all such Actions and Suits may plead the General IIIuc, and give the Special Matter

in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame was done in pursuance of the said ACD,

or one of them, or in pursuance of this Act: And if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any

such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the l ime before limited, then, and in either of such

Cafes, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; and if a Yerditt shall be found for the De-

fendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff* or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or fuss'er a Discontmuance after

the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared ; or if, upon any Demurrer, Judgment shall be giv^n for

the Defendant or Defendants, in each of the Cafes aforesaid the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble

Cods, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have

for recovering Costs in other Cafes by Law.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the better Encouragement

of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain ; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manu-

facturesand for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other

Duties ; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico •, to the prohibiting the Import-

ation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed in Great Bri-

tain; to securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made

Sails with a Duty ; to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain

in neutral Ships; to the allowing the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and

Merchandizes, to certain Places in North America, which are or may be under the Pro-

testion of his Majesty’s Arms, and from such Places to Great Britai, and other Parts of

his Majesty’s Dominions; to the impowering his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and

restrain the carrying coastwise, of Copper in Bars, or Copper in Sheets; and to the al-

lowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Ma-

jesty’s Sugar Colonies in America.

4 TWHEREAS the Laws herein-after mentioned have, by Experience, been found useful and benefi-

4 YV cial, and are near expiring; may it therefore please your Maj-ffy that it may be enacted and

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aftVmbled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se*

cond, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen

Anne, intituled, * An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britainwhich was

to continue in Force until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven,

affd from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by two Acts, made in the

eighth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expira-

tion thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the fame is hereby further

continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

GoogF£ And

