12*0

'C.'6>

Anno vicesimo pfimo Georgii III. A.D. >7 8 r.

Debtor, fcc.con-

vitilrd of Per-

jury, to bedeern-

ed guilty ot Fe-

lony.

Persons dlf-

char^ed by

Act, not liable

to Irnprisonment

for Debt, &c.

contrafted before

Jan, j, 178.1,

Put no Prisoner

to be difclwiged

of Debts fub Ce-

ment thereto.

Justices, 8cc.

•may plead this

Act to any Ac-

tion brought

against them,

and recover

treble Costs.

Personsdischarg-

ed may plead ge-

nerally, 8cc. to

all Actiont or

Judgmenti

brought against

them before Jan.

I, 1781, &c.

fcnJ in other

Suit?, may plead

in Discharge of

their Personi

from Execution,

P/aintifF may

reply generally,

Ac.

hut if nonsuited,

to pay treble

Coils*

•Attorniea or

Servants em-

bezzling Money,

Ac. excluded

the Benefit of

this Act,

{hall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner the Sum of twenty Pounds, as the

Justices of the Peace, at any such General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, shall

ord /; and who are hereby impowered to cause the lame to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of

any such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the

Peace, so offending.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Debtor as aforesaid, who

{hall take the Benefit of this Act, [hall forswear and perjure himself, herself, or themselves, in any Oath

to be taken under this Act, and [hall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, [he, or they, so offending, [hall be

adjudged guilty of Felony.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person intitled to the Benefit of

this Act, [hall, at any Time hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any Judgment or Decree obtained for

Payment of Money only, or for any Debt, Bond, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money,

contracted, incurred, occasioned, owing, or growing due, before the said first Day of January, one thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty-one ; but that upon every Arrest upon every Judgment, or such Decree, or

for such Debts, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum and Sums of Money, it [hall and may be lawful for

any Judge of the Court where the Process issu d, or for any two Justices of the Peace, upon shewing the

Copy of such Order of Adjudication as aforesaid, to release and discharge out of Custody such Prijbi.er or

Prisoners as aforesaid ; and shall, at the fame Time, order the Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs, in such Suit or Suits,

to pay such PriiQner or Prisoners the Costs he, (lie, or they [hall have incurred on such Occasion. or f > much

thereof as to such Judge or justices shall fetm just and reasonablt*; and every such Judge is hereby im-

powered so to do on such PrifuneFs causing a Common Appearance to be entered for him in every such

Action and Suit.

XXXIII. And whereaf, under former Acts of this Kind, Doubts have arisen, what was to be done with

4 such Prisoners who applied at any Scifion to be discharged, who owed and stood charged with Debts, as

4 well previous as subsequent to the Day limited by the respective Acts ;* to remedy which, be it there foie

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Prisoner or Prisoners [hall be discharged of any Debts subse-

quent to the fi ft Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one ; and if it shall appear to

the Justices, in any Session or Adjournment, that any Prisoner or Prisoners, then applying to them to be

discharged, [hall ftaud charged as well with Debts previous to as subsequent to the ft;ft Day of January,

one thousand seven hundred and eighty*one, that, in such Cafes, it shall and may be lawful to and for the

Justices to discharge the Person of such Prisoner on account of all Debts previous to the said first Day of

January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and to remand him or her back to the Custody of

the Ketper of the Prison from whence he or she was brought, for all Debts with which he or she stamJs

charged with in his Custody, subsequent to the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-one.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Escape, or any

Suit or Action, be brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper of any

Prison, for performing their Office, in pursuance of this Act, they may plead the General Issue, and give

this Act in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against

him, or Judgment upon Demurrer, the Defendant [hall have treble Costs.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Scire Facias, or Ad ion of

Debt, or upon Judgement, {hall be brought against any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Admini-

strators, upon any Judgment obtained against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance ac-

knowledged by him or her, before the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

one, with respect to Debtors set at large and surrendered, or tendering themselves as afor&laid, or in actual

Custody, on the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, it shall be lawful

for any such Debtor, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to plead generally that such Debtor

was set at large, and surrendered or offered to surrender as aforesaid, was actually a Prisoner in such Prilon

at such a Person’s Suit on the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; and wfas

or were duly discharged according to this Act, at the General Quarter Session or General Section, or Ad-

journment thereof, held at such Time and Place, for such County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City,

Town, or Place (as his, her, or their Cafe is), without pleading any Matter specially; and in case any

other Suit or Adiion fh ill be commenced against him, her, or them, for any other Debt, Sum or Sumstof

Money, due before the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, to plead in

Discharge of his or her Person from Execution (over and above such Matters as aforesaid)* that such Debt

or Sum of Money (as the Cafe [hall happen) was contracted or due before the said first Day of January,

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, without pleading any other Matter specially; where to the

Plaintiff [hall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other Mat-

ter or Thing which may mew the said Defendant not to be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, or not duly

discharged according to it, in the same Manner as the Plaintiff might.bave replied, in case the Defendant

had pleaded this Act, and his Discharge, by virtue of this Act, specially ; and if the Plaintiff be non-

suited, discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment on Demurrer, the Defendant to

have treble Cpfts^

XXJtVI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend,

to release or discharge any Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, or any other Person or Persons acting, or pre-

tending to act as such, with regard to any Debt with which he or they shall stand charged for any Money,

or other Effects, recovered and received by him or them, for the Use of any Person or Persons, Bodies

Corporate or Politic, and by any Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person or Persons acting r.s such, embezzled,

concealed, or converted to his or their own Use; or to release or discharge any Servant or Agent, or any

Person or Persons employed or intrusted as such, with regard to any Debt or Demand with which he, (be,

or

