44*

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 19.

Sessions, mitigate, at their Discretion, all or any of the Penalties and Forfeitures laid or incurred by

the Party or Parties complaining, or vacate or set aside the Conviction or Convictions, and set the Parties

at Liberty, or otherways may ratify or confirm the fame, with such Costs as to them in their Discretion

shall seem reasonable, and to levy, by their Order or Warrants, such Costs so awarded by Distress and

Sale of the Goods of any Person or Persons who shall refuse to obey the fame; and for Want of such Dif-

tress, to commit the Party to the Common Gaol of the County, for any Time not exceeding three

Months, or until Payment of such Costs shall be made; but the Person or persons so appealing as afore-

said shall, and they are hereby directed to give Notice, in Writing, to the Common Clerk of the Justices

of the said County, of such their Intention of bringing or prosecuting any Appeal, fifteen Days before the

said Quarter Sessions, and shall, within five Days after such Notice given, lodge in the Hands of the

Clerk of the Peace, a Bond signed by him and two sufficient Securities, obliging himself to prosecute such

Appeal, and, in case such Appeal shall be disallowed, to pay such Cost and Charges as the said Justices

shall direct in that Behalf; and every such Appeal shall, at the then next General Quarter Sessions, be

there heard and finally determined.

4 XXVII. And whereas the Trustees appointed by, or elected in pursuance of, three Acts, made in

the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

and in the fourth Year of the Reign of his prefenr Majesty, for repairing the High Koads in the County of

4 Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh; and from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queensferry, in

the County of Linlithgow, were authorised and impowered to borrow certain Sums of Money upon the

4 Credit of the Tolls and Duties authorised to be levied and collected at the Toll-bars within the said

4 County of Edinburgh: And whereas the Trustees having divided the said County into certain Distri&s,

and allotted to each District a certain Share or Proportion of the total Sum allowed to be borrowed, the

4 Trustees for that District of the said County, called The District of Lafwade^ did, in cortfequence of the

4 said Acts, borrow, upon the Security of the Tolls and Duties collected and levied at the Toll-bars

4 within the said District, their Share and Proportion of the said total Sum allowed to be borrowed, and

4 expended the fame in making and repairing the Tui npike Roads in the said District: And a further Sum

4 being necefl'ary for that Purpose, the Trustees for the said District did borrow certain Sums’, upon their

4 own Personal Security, which have been also applied for making and repairing the Turnpike Roads

4 within the same: And whereas a further Sum is necessary for the lame Purpose, and it is reasonable that

the Money, borrowed upon the Personal Security,of the Trustees, should be paid, in order that they

may be relieved of their said EngagementBe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it

shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees, appointed by or in pursuance of the said former Acts, for

making and repairing the Turnpike Roads within the County of Edinburght or by this present Act, or

any Seven or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, and they are hereby authorized and impow-

ered to borrow, according to the Rules and DireSions laid down and prescribed by.the said former Acts,

any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of two thousand Pounds Sterling, at

anlnterest not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Credit of the Tolls and Duties

levied at the Toll-bars already erected, or that shall be erected, under the Authority of the said former

Acts, within the said District of Lafwade: And the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, at a

General Meeting assembled, shall be, and they are hereby impowered to assign and make over the whole

or any Part of the Tolls and Duties presently levied, or that shall hereafter be levied, at the Toll-bars

erected, or to be erected, within the District of Lafwade, to the Person or Persons advancing or lending

the whole or any Part of such Sum or Sums of Money, as a Security for the Repayment of the Sum or

Sums of Money so advanced or lent, with the Interest of the fame.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of two thousand

Pounds,#or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be borrowed in pursuance of this Act, shall be applied, in

the first Place, for Payment of the Money borrowed as above mentioned by the Trustees, upon their

personal Security; and the Remainder thereof, for the further repairing the Turnpike Roads within the

said District of Lafwade, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Expence of obtaining this present AS,

shall be paid out of the first and readiest of the Monies levied in consequence thereof.

XXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed a Publick Act;

and shall be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and others whatsoever, without specially

pleading the same.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for settling the Rates for the Carriage of Passengers and Goods for Hire to and

from the Isle of Wight.

4 IT7 HEREAS the Conduct of the Matters and Owners of Vessels and Boats, kept within the Isle

of Wight, and usually employed in carrying Passengers and Goods for Hire from the different

4 Places of Pafiage in the said Island, to Southampton, Lymington, Portsmouth, Gosport, and other Places on

the Coast of the County of Southampton (and returning from thence to the said Bland), has for many

4 Years been complained of, and is now become a general Grievance to Persons having Occasion to pal's

1 and repass, and fend Goods, to and from the said Island, by reason of such Matters and Owners demand-

4 ing exorbitant and unequal Prices for the Passageof Persons, and the Carriage of Goods, and rheir being

4 at Liberty to refuse to carry Persons and Goods tendered for Carriage, to the great Inconvenience and

4 Detriment of the Inhabitants, and others, having Occasion to pass and fend Goods to and from the said

4 Island: And whereas the several Acts of Parliament made for settling the Rates for the Carriage of

k G-ods

Vj

Not ice of Appeal

to be |iven.

Recital of Act*

for repaying

Roads in the

County of Edin-

burgh.

TheTrusteei for

the Lafwade Di-

strict impowered

to borrow a fur-

ther Sum of Mo*

neyj

and to assign the

Tolls as a Secu-

rity.

Application of

the Money to be

borrowed.

Erpences of this

Act how to be

paid.

Publick Act,

Preamble*

