230

Itc'per* of

Housei of Cof-

rctf i n 10 deliver

to the Quarter

Srffions Ltils of

the Persons in

their frspective

Custody.

Rule* and Or-

der* cont imcd in

the Schedule to

be observed in

the Housei of

Correction.

Expence«of

maintaining the

Ft ifonert in the

Ho'ifeiof Cor.

redlfon, tee. how

to be defrayed.

Any Jortiee may

pre ent the Want

of H Miles ot

CcrreO on to

thr Qtiarccf

Selhont,

All Pnfoners in

filth Honfri *o

be ui*p»oy«<i by

the Covcrnur.

No Gorernor, or

Officer under

him, to fell

Win*, & c. or

any Article used

in the fioufe*

J-ift'ces to fix a

i>y.a*y for the

Oovirnor.

No Wot an to be

Kfcoer of any

fictile of Cor-

rrthon.

Ootrrnor* im-

pv W'Teci Ui iund-

o.fr refractory

F.i.vaers.

C. 64.

Anno vicesimo secundo G eorgii III. A.D. 1782.

Information and Observation; which Lift the Keeper of every such House of Correction is hereby directed

to make out, and deliver to the Chairman of such Court of Quarter Scifi >ns, as f^on as such Court shall be

assembled; and the Courr shall, before the End of that S.’ffion. give such Directions for the futme Employ-

ment of toe laid several P/Woneis as to them shall seem meet; and the*Justices shall, at their General

QuarterSession of the Peace, from Time to Time, order and direct a sufficient Quantity of Matenals for

Manufactures to be provided for the Use and Employment of the several Persons who Ihftl be committed

to such Houle9 of Correction for h*rd Labour, of Inch Kinds as they in their Discretion shall think mod

proper; and shall employ some fit Person to be the Keeper of such House of Correction, and may appoint a

‘ temporary Afiistant or Assistants toinftruft fuen Pnioncrsin any Bufinefsor Branch of Manufacture which

the Justices shall think most proper to be set 00 foot and undertaken the*e.

lv. And be it further enacted. That the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, specified and contained in the

Schedule hereunto annexed, for the better Rule and Government of the Persons to be committed to the

said Houses of Correction, shall be duly obfemd and enforced at every such House of Correfti *n, subject

nevertheless to such Additions as shall from Time to Time be made by the Just-ces of the Peace for the

County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Phce, wherein such House of Correction shall be firu.ite, at

their Quarter bessions which shall be hftd next after Midsummer or Mich:.elmas% and which they are hereby

authorised to make a: their Discretion ; provided that such Additions shall not be contract story to the

Rules, Orders, and Regulations establiftu*d by this Act: And, for the Purpose of h ving the n more gene-

rally known, and more strictly attended to, the G >vemors or Keepers of every such House of Correction

shall and they are hereby required to caure the fame to be printed tn plain legible Characters, and fixed up

in feme conspicuous P in of every such Pris >n.

4 V. And, in order to defray the Expends of the several Matters and Things herein-before directed to

4 be done reipefting Houses of Correction, and the Support and Maintenance of Prisoners confined there,

4 and other Expenses necessary to the Execution of this Act, hot herein particularly provided for,* be it

further en*ft<d, That the Justices of the Peace, at thei^ General Quarter S lfions, may and (hill cause

such Sums <1 Money, as shall be necefLry for all or any ot mo c Purpose.*, to oe raised in the lame Man-

ner as Kafes are directed to be raised by an Act. made i.i me twe tm Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George cne Second, intituled, An Atl for the more eajy ojfejfing^ colle£ling% and levying of

County Rates.

Vi. Am be it further enacted, That, from and after the patting of this Act, the Want of Houses of

Coricction, or the Insuffici ncy thereo, may be prefen.ed at the Court of Quarter Sessions by a Justice of

the Peace acting for luen Divilion or District, on his own View or Knowledge thereof, as well as by the

Grand Jury; pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty; which Prefrntment by the Justice shall be proceeded upon in the same Manner as it it had been

m^de by the Grand Jury.

VII. And oe it fu ther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor or Keeper of every

House of Correction, and he is hereby directed to employ all such Persons as shall be Prisoners therein, and

kept and maintained at the Expence of the County, Division, or District, wherein such House of Correc-

tion is lituate, in some Work or Labour which is not feveie, although such Prisoner was not, by the War-

rant of his Commitment ordered to be kept to Labour; and every such Governor or Keeper shall

enter afep-irate Account of the Work done by every Person under that Description, and shall account with

and pay to him or her one Half of the nett Profits, which he or she shall have earned, at the Tjmeof his

or her Discharge, and not before.

VIII. And be it further enacted. That no Person or Persons who shall be Governor or Keeper of any

H *use of Correction, or who shall have any Office or Employment, as Assistance, or otherwise, under such

Governor or Keeper of such House of Correction, shall fell, or be capable of being licensed to fell, or have

any Benefit or Advantage whatsoever, directly or indirectly, from the Sale of any Wine, Ale, Beer, Spiri-

tuous or other Liquors or any other Article, Matter, or Thing, used in such House of Correction, or by

any Person or Perl ns confined therein, during the Time of such Employment; and every Person offending

therein shall, on Complaint made upon Oath, and Conviction for the faiu Offence, before a Magistrate

having Jurisdiction there, forfeit ihe Sum of ten Pounds for every such Offence, and shall be dismissed from

his Employment as Governor or Keeper, or as Assistant in such House of Correction, by Order of the Juf-

tices at their nexy General Qiarter Sessions of the Peace, on Proof being made upon Oath before them of

the said Offence; and that no Wine, Ale, Spirituous or other Liquors, shall be brought into the House of

Correction to be drank there, unless for a medical Purpofie, by a written Direction, under the Hand of

the Apothecary or Surgeon usually attending such House of Correction; and that the Directions given by

the faiJ last mentioned Act for the Inspection and Comroul by the Justices over the Master or Keeper of

every such House of Correction, (hill be strictly adhered to and enforced, and every such Gover-

nor and Keeper punisheJ for his Neglect of Duty or M.(behaviour, according to the Directions of the

said Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace, in their /respective Qiarter Sessions,

shall fix a reasonable Salary for the Governor or Keeper of the House of Correction, and may moreover

all w him some Proportion of the Profits earned by the Prisoners.

X And be it further enacted, 'That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Woman shall be capable

of being appointed Keeper of any House of Correction.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Governor of every House of Correction shall have Power to

put Handcuffs or Fetters upon any Prisoner who shall behave in a refractory Manner, or shew a Dilposition

to break out of Pftion ; but such Governor shall give Notice thereof to one of the visiting Justices, within

forty-eight Horns after the Prisoner shall be so fettered ; and he shall not continue such Fettering longer

than fix Days, without obtaining an Order in Writing from one of the visiting Justices.

^ XII. And

