A.D. ij8i. - Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C. 32. 4r

Juntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which

Oath they, or any two or more of them, have hereby Power to administer), to give Judgment or Sen-

tence thereupon, and to award arid issue out Warrants, under their Hands, for the levying of such For-

feitures.and Penalties as are by this Adf imposed for any such Offence committed, upon the Goods and

Chattels of the Offender, and to cause Sate to be made of the said Goods and Chattels, if they shall

not be redeemed within fourteen Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any be); and for Want

of sufficient Distress, to imprison the Party' offending for one Month, unless Satisfaction shall be before

made. '

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Certiorari be brought or allowed

to remove any of the Proceedings of the said Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace respectively,

relating to the fame Offences, or any Forfeitures or Penalties for the fame 5 but that the Determination

of the said Commissioners of Excise, and of the said Justices of the Peace respeClively, shall, in Manner

and Form aforesaid, be final to all Intents and Purposes; any Thing herein contained to the contrary

thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bill,

Plaint, or Information, shall be brought or sued forth in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVejU

minster, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for any Offence against this Statute, within the Space of fix

Months from the Time such Offence shall be committed.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Prosecution shall be commenced

In any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, against any

Person or Persons for or on account of any Penalty or Penalties incurred, or supposed to be incurred,

under or by virtue of this Act, unless a Notice in Writing shall have been first delivered to such Person or

Persons, or left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abpde, twenty-one Days at least before such

Prosecution shall be commenced; and that such Notice shall express the Cause for which, and the Time

. when, such Prosecution is intended to be commenced; and that an Affidavit of such Notice shall be filed

in such Court before the Commencement of such Prosecution.

XVI. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners fjmd

Justices, wheje they shall fee Cause, to mitigate or lessen any Penalties and Forfeitures, in such Manner

as they shall think fit, the reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers in the Prosecution of the Offender

being always allowed, over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Pe-

nalty to less than one Fourth Part thereof, over and above the said Costs and Charges; any Thing herein

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIJ* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Forfeitures and Penalties men-

- tioned in this A& (all necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being first deduced) shall be employed,

one Moiety thereof to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to

the Discoverer or Informer of the fame.

XVIlI.* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at

any Time be. sued, moiefted, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done in pursuance of, or by

Colour of this A&, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may

plead the General Issue, and give this A& and the special Matter in Evidence in his or their Defence or

Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their A<ftion or Prosecution, or Judgment

shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or De-

fendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

. \

Wrfnffrts ro be

examined on

Oath.

On Failure of

Dirtr^fs, Of-

fender to bj

committed.

Proceeding* not

to be removed by

Certiorari.

Limitation of

Act]jus.

Twenty-one

D ys Notice so

be given before

ProlccuMon

ary Court of

Record.

OmmiiTioners

and Justices may

mitigate Penal-

tie*.

Penaltie* and

Forfeitures bovr

to be employed.

Personi sued in

Execution of

this Act, may

plead the Gene-

ral issue,

apd recover

'treble Coils.

cap. xxxir.

An Act to encourage the Manufactory of Verdegreafe in Great Britain, and for laying a

Duty on foreign Verdegreafe imported.

WHEREAS there is lately set up in this Kingdom a Manufactory of Verdegreafe, which has Preamble,

been heretofore imported from France, and for which large Sums of Money have been constantly

paid to Foreigners; therefore, to the Intent that all due Encouragement may be given to so useful a

Manufacture, wc, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in

4 Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled and be it enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, After Jun? 24,

from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundied and eighty-one, there shall *7$* a Duty of

be, throughout his Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon *’°Und

Tuned, raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, Iris Heirs and Successors,. i^p?, TtatL> oV

for and upon every Pound Weight of common Verdegreafe, imported or brought into the Kingdom of cowman Ve.-de-

Great Britain from foreign Countries, the Sum of Three-pence; and for and upon every Pound Weight gre^fe* *nd u.

of Chryftalized Verdegreafe, so as aforesaid imported, the Sum of one Shilling; which said Impofhor rer Hound i;'r

Duties shall be paid down in ready Money, without any Discount or Allowance, on Importation; ar.d

shall be also subject and liable to an additional Impost or Duty of five Pounds per Centum, in the Lire The 'CVout’e*

Manner, and under the fame Regulations, as the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum is gr.inte »; to be hiMe to

his Majesty by an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An an additional 5

for granting to his Alajejly additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management rcrCeru« *8 cc*

of the refbettive Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain. L0#

Vol. XIV, Part 1. G IVAr.d 1

