#2

Limitation of

the Expence of

taking of the

Freedom*

Particulars to be

obfemd by

those who take

it up.

Town Clerk to

enter the above

Particulars in a

Book,

Lifts of the

Names of all the

Freemen, Ac.

admitted, to be

pasted on the

Church Doors,

Councils not to

be held during

a certain Time

ipectfcd.

Fle&ori to be

{worn.

The Oath*

Penalty oo Per*

font guilty of

Perjury.

Penalty on Re-

turning Officer

for admitting

Persons to poll

without being

fwor»;

and oo Mem.

bers of the

Council for re-

fuftog to admit

Sleftort, &c.

Provifoi

Penalty on

Town Clerk for

making fraud-

tricot Entries,

C. 54. Anno vicesimo primo Georgi III. A.D. 178r.

upon Oath the Particulars of his or their Claim delivered in at the preceding Council; and that the Council

which shall be bolden on the first Tutfdcy in each Month shall assemble at Ten in the Morning, and con-

tinue open a Convenient Time, for receiving such Claims as shall then be preferred; and the Council

which shall be holden on the lad Tutfday in each Month shall continue open from the Hour of Ten in the

Morning till Three o’Clock in the Afternoon of the fame Dav, or for such shorter Time as {hall be found

fuftkient for hearingand determining any Claims which shall then have been preferred $ and if any such

Claims shall then remain unheard or undetermined, the said Council shall be adjourned from Day to Day?

and continue open on each Day in Manner aforesaid, for bearing and determining such Claims*

JI* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar, from and afier the pading of this Act,

no greater Fee than three Shillings, over and above the Expence of the necessary Stamps, shall be de-

manded or taken of any Person or Persons who shall be so admitted to his or thtir Freedom at any such

Council.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be admitted to the Free-

dom of the said City, at any Council to be held for that Purpose, who shall not produce Evidence of

regular Indentures or Deeds of Apprenticdhip for seven Years, as required by the Resolution aforesaid,

and who shall not also declare upon Oath the Name or Names of his Matter or Matters, the Trade to

which he served under him or them, the Place of his or their Residence during the Time be served, and

of his own Residence at the Time of his claiming to be admitted to the Freedom of the said City; and

that it shall be lawful For such Persons so claiming their Freedom as aforesaid to come to such Council at-

tended with their Agents, who shall be present at their Admission, if they so require it; and such Council

are hereby authorised and required to administer such Oath as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Town Clerk shall enter all the

above Particulars in the Admission Book under the Name of each Person who is admitted to the Freedom

of the said City; and that the said Town Clerk, and the Mayor, and each of the Members composing

the Council at which such Freemen shall be admitted, {hall openly subscribe their Names to the said

Entries.

V. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Lids of the Names of all Persons claim-

ing to be admitted Freemen, and of all the Freemen admitted at any Council to be held in the Manner

aforesaid, shall be made out in Writing, and signed by the Town Clerk, and be pasted or fixed upon the

Doors of all the Churches in Coventry, within twenty-four Hours after the holding of such Council.

VI. And be it further enatf ed by the Authority aforesaid, That no Council (nail be held for receiving

Claims of Persons claiming to be admitted to the Freedom of the said City after the Day on which Notice

shall be given determined by the Sheriff or Sheriffs, according to the Statute, of any Election for a Member or Mem-

bers to serve in Parliament for the said City, till after the final Close of every such Election.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, at every Election of Members to serve

in Parliament for the said City, every Person who shall come to poll at such Election, shall, if required

by any Candidate at such Election, or by any two or more Persons having a Right to vote at such

Elections, previous to his being permitted to poll, take the following Oath, or, being one of the Persons

called Quakers, shall solemnly affirm the Effect thereof; (that is to uy,)

1 OU do swear, That your Name is A. B. and that you have been admitted to the Freedom of the

* City of Coventry under Indentures, or Deeds of Apprenticeship; and that you have served seven

c Years Apprenticeship to one and the fame Trade in the said City, or the Suburbs thereof; and that

you are of the Age of twenty-one Years, or upwards; and have not been polled before at this Election*

4 So help you GOD.9

Which Oath the Returning Officer or Officers, or his Deputy, is herebyEmpowered to administer.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons who shall be guilty of

wilful and corrupt Perjury, in consequence of any Oath which they shall have taken by the Direction of

this Act, shall, on Conviction thereof, incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties to which any other

Person convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is liable by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Returning Officer or Officers, at

any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, shall wilfully admit any

Person to poll at such Election without his having first taken the above-mentioned Oath, if required foto

do, in Manner aforesaid, the said Returning Officer or Officers shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and

pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds to him, her, or them, who shall sue for the same.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Mayor, and the other Members

composing any Council to be held for the Purpose of proclaiming the Persons presenting Accounts of their

Claim to the Freedom of the said City, or for the Purpose of admitting such Persons to the Freedom of

the said City, shall refuse to proclaim, or to admit such Person or Persons as shall come and prove their

Titles according to the Provisions of this Act, they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum

of one hundred Pounds.

XL Provided always, That if any Doubts shall arise as to the Legality of the Titles so sworn to, it

shall and may be lawful for the said Council to hear Witnesses, and admit Evidence to disprovcLhe

fame.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Town Clerk shall neglect to

make the proper Entries, or shall make any false and fraudulent Entries in the Admission Book; or if.he

shall neglect to make out and sign the Lifts of the Freemen admitted, and cause them 10 he pasted or

feed

