402 C» 82. Annp vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

The Office of

the two Cham-

beilaint, Tilly

Cu'ter, and

Uflicr of the Ex-

chequer, after

(he Dea>h, &c.

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Offices of the two Chamberlains, the Tally

Cutter, and of the Uffierof the Exchequer, shall, from and after the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or

Removal, of the Possessors of such Offices respectively, and after the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or

Removal, of the Persons respectively intitled thereto, after the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or Removal,

of the present Possessors, be abolished,

of the present PotlrfiTorf, and those entided after them, to be abolished.

Upon the Death,

A '.oi thtCham-

berlains, an in-

dented Ch- que

Receipt to be

.lubstituted in*

stead oftieTally

now used, See.

Upon the Death,

Sec* of the pre*

feot U/her, and

of bl* SocceflVr,

such necessary

Arjcles which

have been pro*

vided by the

Usher, shall be

supplied by the

preGding Officer

After the Deter-

mination of the

In e'eft of the

Teileri, the Of-

fice of Second

Clerk to be abo-

lished.

After the Death,

&c. of the pre-

sent Auditor,

Cleric of the

Pells, Ac. the

Payment of Gra-

tuities, Fees, dec,

to the Offiieta

shall ceife.

Certain Sums to

be paid them in*

iUad thereof.

After which,

Officers receiv-

ing Fees (except,

Ac.) shall forfeit

their Offices,

1

On Death, Sec,

of Tellers, or

Chamberlains,

huw their Pro-

portion of Feel

A all be disposed

Of.

Claxfe relativeti

the Tally Cutter

end his Deputy.

II. And belt enacted, That, upon the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or Removal, of the two Chamber-

lains in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, instead of the Tally now in use to denote the Receipt of

Money at the said Receipt, there shall be substituted an indented Cheque Receipt of each Sum so received;

which Receipt shall be made out by the Officer of the Auditor attending in the Tally Court, signed

by him, and by the Officer of the Cleric of the Pells; and upon passing any Account of Money received,

the Receipt shall be produced, together with the Account, and examined with the Counterfoil of the

Cheque in the Office of the Auditor; and the Account shall be compared with the Entry in the Office

of the Auditor, and with the Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells, and the Truth of the Account

shall be certified by the Officers checking the fame; and the Custody of one of the Keys to the Tellers

Cherts, the Standard Weights and Measures, and the Standard Pieces of Gold and Silver, shall be committed

to the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer; any former Usage or Custom to the contrary

notwithstanding.

III. And be it enacted, That, upon the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or Removal, of the Usher of the

Exchequer, and upon the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or Removal, of the Person entitled to the said Office,

after the Qeath, Surrender, Forfeiture, or Removal, of the present Pofltflbr of the said Office, the Chief

or Presiding Officer, in each respective Office in the said Receipt of Exchequer, shall supply his Office

with all such necessary Articles as have been heretofore provided by the Usher of the said Receipt; and

such Chief or presiding Officer shall be allowed such annual Sum of Money, for and in lieu of all such

necessary Articles, so heretofore provided by the U(her of the said Receipt, as shall be appointed by the

Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury.

in each Office,

IV. And be it enacted, That, from and after the Determination of the Interest of each of the four Tellers

in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, the Office of Second Clerk to each respective Teller shall be,

and the fame is hereby abolished; and the Proportion of Fees, now belonging to such Second Clerks, shall

be carried to, and made Part of, the Monies herein-after directed to be reserved for the Purposes in this

A3 mentioned.

V. And be it enacted, That from and after the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or Removal, of the present

Auditor, of the present Clerk of the Pells, of any or either of the four Tellers, or two Chamberlains of

the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, the Payment of all Salaries, Fees, Allowances, Perquisites, Gra-

tuites, and Emoluments, to the said several Officers in the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall cease and be

discontinued; and that in lieu and instead thereof, there shall be paid to the Auditor the Sum of four thou-

sand Pounds per Annum \ to the Chief Clerk of the Auditor, one thousand Pounds per Annum; to the

Clerk of the Pells, three thousand Pounds per Annum; to the First Clerk to the Clerk of the Pells, eight

hundred Pounds per Annum; to the First Clerk to the Clerk of the Pells, as Receiver of the Money arising

from the Fees herein-after directed to be received, two hundred Pounds per Annum; to each of the four

Tellers, two thousand seven hundred Pounds per Annum; to each of the First Clerks to the said four

Tellers, one thousand Pounds per Annum: And the said Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, and four Tellers

respectively, are hereby impowered to appoint such other Clerks and Officers, to assist in their respective

Offices, as they shall judge necessary; and such Clerks and other Officers shall be paid such Salaries out

of the Fees herein-afrer directed to be received for their Trouble and Attendance in the Offices aforesaid, as

to the said Auditor, Cleik of the Pells, and four Tellers respectively, shall appear fit and proper; subject

nevertheless to the Controul and Approbation of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury for the Time

being; which shall be accepted by them in lieu of all Fees, Allowances, Gratuities, and Emoluments,

heretofore paid to, or received by them; and such Salaries as aforesaid shall be paid and payable out of the

Fees herein-after directed to be received; and if any of the Officers aforesaid (except the Person or Persons

herein-after directed to receive such Fees) shall receive or demand any Fees, Allowances. Gratuities, or

Emoluments, every such Officer so offending, shall be adjudged to have forfeited his Office, and his Office

is hereby declared to be forfeited accordingly; and being convicted thereof in due Form of Law, shall

moreover be subject and liable to the Penalties inflicted by Law for Extortion.

VI. And be it enacted, That upon the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or Removal, of any or either

of the four Tellers or two Chamberlains of the said Receipt of Exchequer, the Proportion of Fees belonging

to the respective Officer so dying, surrendering, forfeiting, or being removed, shall be carried to and made

Part of the Monies arising from the Fees herein-after directed to be reserved for the Payment of the several

Sums directed to be paid by this A3; and the Officer who shall succeed to the respe3»ve Office, so vacant

by Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or Removal as aforesaid, his respe3ive Deputy and Clerk?, shall be paid

their respe3ive Salaries, herein-before directed to be allowed to them respectively, out of such Monies

so directed to be refeived as aforesaid.

VII. And be it enacted, That in case of the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or Removal, of the Tally

Coffer, before the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or Removal, of the two Chamberlains, the said Office

of Tally Cutter shall be discontinued, and the Duty of such Office shall be executed by the Deputy

of such Tally Cutter, who shall be paid his Salary or Allowance out of the Monies so reserved as afore-

foid, and the Fees and Gratuities now paid to and received by the Tally Cutter, shall be carried to and

made

