A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C. 41 ^-44*

and under the Value of Six- pence per Yard, the Sum of one Penny ; and of the Value of Six-pence per

Yard, and not exceeding the Value of Eighteen-pence per Yard, the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny;

which, during the Continuance of this Act, shall be exported out of G' eat Britain Xo Africa9 Americas

Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the island of Minorca, or the Ecft Indies, in the same Manner, and under the

like Provisions* Conditions, Limitations, and Forfeitures, as in the fnid recited Acts of the Parliament

of Great Britain are mentioned and declared, touching the Bounties tkcieby given upon the Linens therein

mentioned to be exported.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of June,

onethouLnd seven hundred and eighty-two, during the Continuance of the said recited Acts, no Subsidy,

Custom, Rate, Duty, or other Imposition tvhatsoever, shall be demanded, collected, received, or taken,

upon that Species of Blue called Smalts, which shall be imported into this Kingdom; any former Law,

Statute, or Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Bounties

hereby given upon the Exportation of printed, painted, or stained Linens, Callicoes, and Cottons, or

Cottons mixed with Linen, or Buckrams, and Tillettings, shall be paid during the Continuance of the

said last recited Act of the Irish Parliament, and no longer any Thing herein contained to the contrary

thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XLL

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-one. 1,500,000/.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills* for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one. 1,900,000 /.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,.

An Act for exempting the City of Winchester, the County of Southampton, the Town of Shrewsbury, and

the County of S H of, out of the Provifiens of an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, intituled, lfc An Act for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers during the Time of

44 the Elections of Members to jeive in Parliamentft Jo jar as the fame relates to the Removal of Troops during

the Elections cf Members to serve in Parliament9 for a limited Time. [Continued till the End of the next

Session of Parliament.]

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for the more effectually (ecuring to the Royal Hospital for Seamen at GreenwichT

all such forfeited and unclaimed vShares of Prize and Bounty Money as shall arise from or

in respect of any Prizes to be condemned and fold in his Majesty’s Dominions beyond the

Sea; and to compel the more speedy Payment thereof. ,

* IT 7 HER E A S by an Act of Parliament, paded in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Preamble*.

4 VV Majesty (intituled, An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hamp- Recital of 1$

* shire, Malfachufcts Bay, Rhode Bland, Connecticut, New York, New Jerlcy, Pennsylvania, the Three Geo.Ill*Cap.5.

4 Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia,

* during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respective/y; for repealing an Act, made

4 in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his prejmt Majesty, to disconunue toe landing and discharging.

Hading or shipping, of Goods, vVarts, and Merchandize, at the Town and within the Haibour of

4 Bojlon9 in the Province of Massachufcts Bay ; avA also two Acts, made in the last Sefttcn cf Parliament^ for

4 rest raining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts rcjbcftively mentioned; and to enable any

4 Pe rfn or Persons, appointed and author fed by his Majesty to grant Pardons, to ifue Proclamations, in the

4 Cafes and for the Purpoj'es therein mentioned)y it was enacted. That all Ships and Vessels of and belonging

4 to the Inhabitants of the said Colonies, together with their Cargoes, Apparel, and Furniture, and all

4 other Ships and Veflds whatsoever, together with their Cargoes, Apparel, and Furniture, which should

4 be found trading in any Port or Place of the said Colonies, or going to trade, or coming from trading,

4 in any such Port or Place, should become forfeited to his Majesty, as if the fame were the Ships and

4 Eftedts of open Enemies, and should be so adjudged, deemed, and taken, in all Courts of Admiralty,

4 and in all other Counts whatsoever : And it was thereby further enacted. That the Fhg Officers, Cup-

4 tains, Commanders, and other commissioned Officers in his M.»jcity’s Pay, and also the Seamen, Ma-

4 rines, and Soldiers on Board, should have the foie Interest and Property of and in all and every such

4 Ship, Vert'd, Goods, and Meichandize, which they should seize and take (being first adjudged lawful

4 Prize in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Admiralty), to be divided in such Proportions, and after such

4 Manner, as his Majesty should by Proclamation direct : And it was by the said Act further enacted,

4 That, after the Sale or Sales of any Prize or Prizes, which should be taken in pursuance or or by virtue

4 of the said Act, public Notification or Notifications should he given and published in such Manner *3

1 rs therein t articularJy mentioned 1 after which several and reflective Notifications, if any Men’s Shares-

4 fhoUfki>

$5

After June i,

1782, Small*

nay be imported

Duty-free.

The above men-

tioned Bvuntie*

on Linens, Cal-

iicoes, Arc to b«

paid only doting

the Cominuanc©

of the recited.

Irilk A

