296

Good*, the

produce of

Tobago or

St. Lucia, may

be imported

during a limit-

ed Time, on

Payment of

Bricifli Planta-

tion Duties.

The Importer

to make Oath

that such

Goodj are the

Produce or

Manufacture

of the fiid

IfUnd*.

Certain Goods

imported from

the afo:efaid

J(lands while

they were pof-

felTed by the

French, may be

taken out of

ihe Ware-

houses, on

Payment of

British Planta-

tion Duties.

Several Arts

for the Encou-

ragement of

Trade further

<ontmued.

at Geo. HT.

<»p. 30. re-

pealed.

Preamble.

13 Geo. I.

cap. 24.

tccited.

The recited

Act repra'ed.

Penalty un im-

properly dy-

ing Wtfolien

Goods for Ma-

ther Blacks;

C. 15. Anno vicesimo tertio Georg ii III. A.D. 1783.

Islands, and such Goods shall and may be admitted to an Entry in this Kingdom, upon Payment of the

like Duties, as if such Goods had been imported from any British Island in the West Indies in Britiftj Ships

duly navigated ; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 IL. And whereas the Islands of Tobago uni Saint Lucia arc, by the said Preliminary Articles, to be de-

4 livered up to his Aloft Christian Majesty,' it is therefore hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That during such Time as shall be allowed by the Definitive Treaty of Peace to the Planters, Merchants,

and Inhabitants, to withdraw themselves and their Effects from the said Islands, it shall and may be law-

ful for such Persons to import, directly from thence into this Kingdom, any Goods, Wares, and Mer-

chandizes, being the Growth, ProductDn, or Manufacture, of the said respective Islands, upon Payment

of such Duties as would have been due and payable for such Goods if they had been imported from any of

the British JFeft India Planch, in British Ship?.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Importer

or Importers of such Goods from any of the fatJ Islands herein-before mentioned, Hull make Oath, be-

fore the Collector and Comptroller of his Majesty’s Customs at the Port of Importation in th:$ Kingdom,

(which Oath such Collector and Comptroller aie hereby impowered to adirinifter), that, to the btft of

his or their Knowledge and Belief, the Goods so imported are really and bona fide the Growth, I\nduction,

or Manufacture, of the Paid respective Islands; and on Default of such Oath, the Goods so imported shall

be subject to the Payment of the like Duties as they would be liable to if imported from any foteign Heft

India liland; and such Goods shall, upon Importation into this Kingdom, be subject and liable to the like

Securities, Reftiiftions, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all other Respects not altered by this

Ad, as they would*be liable to if they were shipped at and imported from any British liland in the H'cji

Indies.

4IV, And whereas several Parcels ofSugar, and other Goods, the Produce of some of the before men-

4 tioned Islands, have been imported into Great Britain from thence during the Time such 1(1 mds were in

4 the Possession of his most Christian Majesty, and are now secured in several Warehouses in this King-

4 dom, under the joint Locks of Majesty and the Proprietors of such Goods/ be it further enacted by the

Authority aforcfaiJ, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, or

any four or more of them, to permit such Goods to be taken out of such Warehouses by the Importers

thereof, upon Payment of the fame Duties, and subject to the like Regulations, as such Goods would be

subject and liable to if they had been imported directly from any British Island or Plantation in British Ships

navigated according to Law; and upon Payment of the said Duty, the said Com mi (bone/s of the Customs

are hereby authorised and required to order any Bonds, or other Security given by the Impo. ters for the

Duty on such Goods, to be cancelled and dischargrd.

• V. And whereas several Restrictions upon Commerce have been suspended, and Indulgences hive been

4 granted for the Benefit of Trade by various Acts of Parliament lately made, which were to continue u\

4 Force during the Hostilities with France^ Spain, or the States General of the United Provinces, or either

4 of them : And whereas it may be impracticable for the Merchants to give Notice to their Correspondent?

4 in foreign Parts of the Ccflation of Hostilities Time enough to prevent the shipping of Goods for this

4 Kingdom before Peace may be concluded and finally established be it therefore lurcher enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That all Acts of Parliament which have been made since the twenty-sixth Day of

October, one thousand leven hundred and sixty-five, whereby any such Restrictions have been suspended,

or such Indulgences have been granted, shall be, and the fame are hereby further continued, and (nail re-

main in full Force until the Expiration of six Calendar Months after the Definitive Treaty of Peace shall

be signed.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day

of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-

second Year of his Majesty’s Reign, (intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation of Goods of the Grsivth%

Produce, or Manufacture, of the Islands cf Saint Christopher, Nevis and A^ontferrat, into any Ports of his

Majesty s Dominions in Europe or America, on Payment of the British Plantation Duties) shall be, and the

lame is hereby repealed and made void.

CAP. XV.

An Act for rendering more effectual the Provisions contained in an Act of the Thirteenth

Year of King George the First, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Dying Trade.

4 VJ^THERE AS an Act of Parliament was made, in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty

4 * ▼ King George the First, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Dying Trade, which said Act hath

4 been found ineffectual for the Purposes thereby intended; and in order more effectually to prevent Frauds

4 and Abuses in the dying of Cloths, Bays, Stuffs, *nd other Woollen Goods, it is necessary that the said

4 Act should be repealed, and some further and other Powers given for those Purposes May it therefore

please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the passing of this Act,

the abovementioned Act shall be. and the fame is hereby repealed and made void.

II. And be it further enacted, T hat if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall, after the passing of this

Act, within that Part of Great Britain called England, lFalesy and Berwick upon Tweedy dye, or cause to

be dyed, any Cloths, Bays, or Woollen Goods of any Kind or Sort whatsoever, as or for Mather Blacks

the

v^ooooie

