*6 C. 17, 18. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Doty upon the Produce of the several

Duties under the Management oi the respective Commissioners of the Excii'e in Great

Britain.

fmxtble#

W E^your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

From April 5,

t?Si, there Jliall

be charged an

idditional Duty

of 5 per Cent,

on the Amount

of *)l Excise

Duties now pay-

able to his Ma-

jesty (except as

after excepted):

To be levied and

recovered ss the

{inner Duties,

This A ft not to

extend to Beer,

Malt, Sope,

Candler, Hides,

Or Skins, brew-

ed or manufac-

tured in Gieat

Britain; nor to

charge the A-

Imuot of the

Duties of 5 per

Cens. and t$ per

Cent, on the

Prtd'ice of Ex-

cife Dufiej,

grantH determined by tq

Geo. III. Op.

J and 20

Geo. III. Cap.

JS a“J

All Monies

arising by th;s

Ail to be paid

separately into

the Exchequer,

and carrvd to

the SinkiDg

Fund*

Fmmble,

1* G^.Iir,

C#p. 59*

iq Geo. III.

C»p.

Mofi Gracious Sovereign,

'r E, your Majesty's n

assembled, towards raising, by the most easy Means, the necessary Supplies to defray your Ma-

4 jesty’s public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the ad-

4 ditional Duty herein-after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted y

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame, That, from and after the fifth Day of Airily one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, there

shall be charged, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors*

an additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum upon the Produce and Amount of all the several

Inland Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Charges (except as herein-after is excepted), now payable to his

Majesty, and which are charged and collected under the Management of the respective Commissioners of

Excisein England and Scotland; which said additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum, hereby impeded*

shall and may from Time to Time be charged, raised, received, levied, recovered, and secured, by such

Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mi-

tigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and Aibjeft to such Allowances, Drawbacks, Rules, and Directions*

as the several and respective Inland Duties, Kates, Impositions, and Charges, on the Produce and Amount

of which the said additional Duty and Charge is hereby imposed, are or can, by any Statute now in Force,

be respectively charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, mitigated, or drawn back*

as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the several Powers, Authorities*

Directions, Rules, Regulations, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers of Mitigation, Clauses, Mat-

ters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con-

tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the said additional Duty or Charge of five

Pounds per Centum, the Produce or Amount of the Duties on Beer, Malt, Sope, Candles, Hides, or

Skins, brewed, made, tanned, tawed, or dressed, within Great Britain 5 or to charge with the said Duty

the Produce or Amount of the several Duties of five Pounds flrr Centum, and fifteen Pounds per Cent urn9

respectively imposed upon the Produce of the several Inland Duties under the Management of the Com-

missioners of Excise in England and Scotland, by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his present Ma-

jesty’s Reign (intituled, An At1 for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several

Duties under the Alanagement of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain); and

by two several other Acts made in the twentieth Year of his said present Majesty’s Reign (the one in-

tituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Malt, and upon Low I Vines and Spirits male

for Home Consumption, and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said

several Duties; and for granting a Duty on Licences to he taken out by all Persons trading in, vending, or felling

cj, Ccjfce, Tea, or Chocolate; the other intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon

Starch and Hair Powder imported, and upon Starch made in Great Britain, and upon Sweets); any Thing

henin-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies to arise by the additional

Duty granted by this Act, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted, shall

Irom Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer ar IVe/hninster, distin.-t iy and

apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue, and shall be carried to, and spade Part of, the Fund*

commonly called The Sinking Fund.

CAP. XVIIL

An Act for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom complete, during the Time therein

mentioned.

4  WHEREAS it is highly expedient for the public Service, that the several Regiments and Corps

VV of Militia should be made and kept as complete as possible during the Course of the ensuing

4 Campaign: And whereas the Time of ballotting for many Regiments and Corps, or Parts of Regiments

and Corps, wifi happen between the Months of March and December next ensuing, whereby such Re-

4 giments and Corps will, during that Period, be very much weakened and rendered unfit for Service:

4 And whereas the Provisions in two Acts of Parliament, one made in the eighteenth Year of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual the La%us relating to the raising and training

the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to establish certain Regulations with re-

4 fieft to Officers serving in the Corps of Fencible Men dir eft ed to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called

4 Scotland, and certain other Corps therein mentioned \ and the other made in the nineteenth Year of his

4 present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amende and render more effectual, the several Laws non* in

4 being relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom; and for making certain Provisions relative to the Fencibli

4 Men in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; which were intended to prevent* in fomc Degree,

'y l ^ ^ ____I »Wi

t

this

