A.D. 1781. Anno viceilmo primo Georgii III. C.’47<

4 some other Amendments and further Regulations are wanting to the said Act to make ft extensively use-

4 ful :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’*

most Excellent, Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this prefem Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the

said A<S passed in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign as relates to the Tolls thereby granted,

and to (he Mile-ways, Srone Bridge, and Avenues thereto, shall have Continuance from the Expiration

of the Term by the said Act limited, for and during the further Term of twenty-one Years, and to the

End of the then next Saffron of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for putting the said A& in

Execution, or any nine or more of them, from Time to Time, and for so long Time as they shall think

proper, after giving fourteen Days Notice in Writing, upon all the Turnpikes, to cause Double the Tolls

by the said Act granted to be demanded, taken, or recovered, for the PalLge of Horses, Cattle, Beads,

and Carriages, on a Sunday (the Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in Saturday Night to

Twelve of the Clock in Sunday Nignt); which l oll hereby granted shall and may be collected, recovered,

levied, aHigned, and applied, in such and the same Manner, and be under and subje£t to the fame Terms

and Conditions, as are in the said former At\ and this Act given, granted, and provided, with respedi to

the Tolls by that Act granted.

III. And be it further enacted. That in all Cafes of Carriages travelling for Hire, the first Payment

shall not exempt such Carriages (Stage Coaches only excepted) returning, or repairing with a diiTeifnt

Traveller or Passenger, Travellers or Passengers; but that he, (lie, or they, shall be obliged to pay the

Toll in the same Manner as if the said Carriage had not before passed in that Day 5 any Thing in the said

Act, or in this^Ad, contaiiiid to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall cause

all Expe/ices of cleaning and lighting the said Bridge, from Time to Time, to be paid and defrayed out

of the Tolls granted by the said former Atft, and this Act, o'- out of the Money to be borrowed upon the

Credit thereof, and not out of any R*te to be made for cieanfing and lighting, as was dirtdUd by the said

former Act; any Tiling therein or herein contained to the contrary notwithfUnJing.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Per ion or Persons shall negligently or carelessly deface or

damage the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or any of the Works or Materials thereto belonging, every

such Person shall, for every Offence (provided the lame be not Felony by the Laws of this Realm), forfeit

and pay the Sum of five Pounds, ever and above such Penalties and Pumfhmerus as he, (he, or they, shall

be otherwise liable to by Law.

VI And be it further t nailed, That if any Person or Persons shall get over the said Bridge, e;ther into

or from the Water, or either of the adjoining Meadows ; or shall erect any Building, or plant any Tree

or Trees, or let up any Rick of Hay or Straw, or other Matter or Tning, within twenty Yards on either

Side of the said ‘Bridge ; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit an 1 pay the Sum of ten

Shillings; and be ohiigtd to remove the Lme within the Space of ten Days after Notice given by any five

or more of the said Commissioners, or thtir Cleik, under the Penalty of five Shillings for every D^y the

fame shall remain after such Notice.

VII. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they, or any

fifteen or moie of them, are hereby impnvered to cause the said Street, called the High Street, to be

widened in the upper Part thereof, by taking down the Houses, Buildings, Shops, and Tenements, situate

on‘the North Side of the said Street, or such Parts thereof respectively as shall be necessary, and which

now project beyond ihe Line of the said Srreef, and are or lately were in the several Possessions or Occu-

pations of James Slater Cook, J Radford, Edward Lock, Thomas Bush, Hannah Han?nore, John Mid-

winter, John Smith, George Moo: c, John Winchejhr, and Joseph Mason, or their Under-renant or Under-

tenants; and for that Purpose ir fha 1 be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them,

to become p fit lied of the said Houses, Buildings, Shop*, and Tenements, or so much thereof as shall

be necellaiy; and to pay for the fme, and all Expences in widening the said Street, out of the Money

to a rife oy or on account of the 'Foils to be taken by virtue of the said former Act and this Act: And

all the Clauses, Powets, Prov.fi ns. Authorities, Regulations, Restrictions, and Directions, in the said

former Act contained, respecting or anyways relating to widening or altering any of the Roads or Streets

within rhe laid Umverlity or City or Oxford, or the Suburbs thereof, shall, where necessary or applicable,

take place, be executed, and put in Force in all Refptdfs, and to all Intents and Purposes, and the said

Commissioners, ar.d me laid Houses, Buildings, Shops, and Tenement-, and the Owners and Occupiers

thereof, and all Perfi ns intended therein, shall he fuhjedl to, and supported by the Pr-visions and Di-

rections of the said former Act, in furh and the same Manner as could, would, or m*g it have been, in

case the Business of widening the said High Street, as intended by this Act, had been included, and made

a Part of thr Hid former Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted. That so much of the said former Ad as directs the applying any of

the Tolls or Duties, or the Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, in repairing and paving the

Roads and Streets which are enumerated and described in the schedule to the said Act annexed, intituled,

rJ he First Schedule, shall he, and the fame is hereby repealed.

IX. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners, or

any seven or mo;e of chf m, shall hwe full Power and Authority from Time to Time to cause, order, and

direct, not only the 'a*d Roads, Ways, and Streets, included in the first Schedule to the said Act annexed,

but all other the public Streets, Lanes, Ways, Paflag^s, and Places, within the said Univerfiry, City,

and Suburbs, and the said Parish of Saint Clement, to be paved and pitched, and kept in Repair, in fu< h

Manner as they the said Commissioners, or any (even or more of them, shall think, most proper; for

Which Purposes they are hereby velted with all the Powers and Authorities, and.&all be subject to all the

6 Provi florid

\ J

63

The Term of

former A£fc re-

speftin* Tolls,

8cct continued

fur at further

Term of twenty-

one Years.

Double Toll on

Sunday 5.

Passengrrs in re-

turned Carriages

to pay.

Erp^nre of

chvnfing and

lighting the

Bruig- out of

the foil*.

Penalty for da-

mping the

EnJge, Sece

Penalty on get-

ting over the

Bridge, cr plant-

ing Tices,

near it.

Comnvflionrn

impowettd to

widen the High

Street,

Act repealed at

to pay:n. Ex-

pen< es o' paving

out of the Tolls,

A!! the Streets,

Lanes, &c. fO

be new paved.

