A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgi 1 III.

C. 45.

61

CAP. XLV.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, in-*

tiruled. An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the public

Accounts of the Kingdom ; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which

may be applied to the public Service \ and what Deficits there are in the present Mode of re-

ceiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for public Money \ and in what more expeditious

and ejj'efiua!, and less expert five M.nner, the said Services can in future be regulated and car-

ried.on for the Bereft of the Public.

WH K R E A S by :\n Act, rrude in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for appointing preamble.

a fid in,/bung *.'/ ,/,/v -fr^n /.? examine, take, and ft ate the public Accounts of the Kingdom', and to re- 1Q Qeo. lflt

fort what B, lances are in / V }Paris cf Accountants, which may be applied to the public Service; and what Cap. 54, r#»

Defeats were arc in the ft eje it Mode of receiving, coliefii'ir, issuing, and accounting for public Money ; and ched.

in what more expeditious and efi'rflual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated

and carried cn for the Benefit of the Public certain Persons (herein named were constituted Commission-

ers for examining, taking, and dating the Accounts of all Duties, Taxes, and Monies, granted, raifeci,

and appropriated for (he public Service of this Kingdom, which had been issued to any Person or Persons

whatsoever, whose final Accounts have not hitherto been parted before the Auditor of the Imprest, ac-

cording to the Forms of the Exchequer, or whose Accounts, although parted, have been for Services

which have been performed fnce the full Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six;

and alto of all such Duties Taxes, and Monies, which should thereafter be granted, raised, and ap-

propriated for the public Service of this Kingdom, at any Time before the Determination of the said

Ad, and of all Ai rears thereof; and also for examining and dating in what Manner, and at what Times*

the Receipts, Ifl’ucs, anJ Expenditures of the said public Monies were then accounted for, and for

considering of and repotting by what Means and Methods the public Accounts might in future be passed,

and the Accountants compelled to pay the Balances or Monies due from them, in a more expeditious,

more effectual, and less expensive Manner: And whereas the said Commissioners have made a confi-

derable Progress in the Execution of the Powers veiled in them by the said Act, and have, in the Course

and Older of the Examinations and Proceedings taken and hid by virtue thereof, ft tied and reported to

his Majesty, and to Parliament, sundry Matters of great Importance and Concern to the public Scr-

vice, and it is highly expedient that the Inquiries into, and Examinations of, the other Accounts, Mat-

ters, and Things, referred to them by the said Act, should be continued and fmished, and the Result

of them (fated, for the further Information and Satisfaction of his Majesty and his People j’ be it there-

fore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con lent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

th* fame. That Lieutenant General Sir Guy Car let cn, Thomas Anguish Esquire, Arthur Piggctt Esquire, Commissioners

Richard Neave Esquire, Samuel Beachcroft Esquire, and George Drummond Esquire, or any three or more appointed to ex-

of them, shall be, and are hereby constituted CommifK ners for examining, taking, and (fating the Ac-

counts in the said recited Act mentioned ; and also for examining and dating in what Manner, and at what C0JnPt!0nhc"

Times, the Receipts, I dues, and Expenditures of the said public Monies are now accounted for, and for Kingdom,

considering of and reporting by what Means and Methods the public Accounts may in future be parted,

and the Ai countants compelled to pay the Balances of Monies due from them, in a more expeditious,

more effectua), and less expensive Manner; and that the said Act, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing

contained therein, and all the Powers and Authorities given to the said Commissioners therein named, or

any three or more of t!u*m, ftp.! I be and continue in full Force and Virtue, to all Intents, Conftruetions, *6.rce altelL

and Purposes whatsoever, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- 17 x#

one, and shall and may be executed by the Comnnliioners hereby constituted, or any three cr more of

them.

II. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commiftloners, or Commlflloners

any three or more of 'hem, are hereby authorised and impowered to examine the several Accounts of ex- im,ow<red to

traordinary Services incurred, anJ not provided for by Parliament, which have beer, laid before the House mmine Ac

Tb« rrcitfd Act

to contir ue 10

Kc

vice* rot pro-

v‘de<J for by P^r*

Jan. I, 177S.

of Commons since the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and shall have C0Jnt* of «xn

the fame Powers and Authorities in that Rcfpcft as are given to the said Commissioners appointed by the Spr‘

said recited Act, for taking and lLuing the Accounts therein mentioned.

Jiament, hid before \h* House of Common!, .fiirce

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person appointed a Commissioner by this Act fh:<Il accept of Ko c0fnmlf-

or hold any Civil Office of Profit during Pleasure, from or under his Majesty, during the Continuance r,on<?r ro hold

Of this Act* » t'ivjl OHice of

1 P ofil duiing PJ-afuie under his M.j-ity.

IVi And be it further enacted, That any three of the said Commiftloners in this Act, before they enter

upon the Execution of the fame, shall take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or before

the Master of the Rolls for the Time being (which they and either of them aie hereby authorised and

icquired to administer), the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth j (that is to say,)

•I A.B.

Any fiirr.f

t!i- Com million*

er* t y b- .'worn

bcfuic theChan-

cellor of the Ex-

chequer, &C+

