To what Defcfl

this Act shall

not extend*

On Nofl-appciiv

ance of the De-

fendant, the

Commissionerl

to proceed tx

p&rit the Plain-,

tiff.

Debt, to be non-

suited.

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 427

Court, to answer the said Demand ; and every such Summons fh?ll be delivered to the Serjeant to the said

Court, and shall forthwith be served by him on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving

the fame at the Dweliing-house or Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing

or working, of such Debtor or Debtors, within the Limits aforesaid, seven Days at the lead before the

Court is to be holden, at which such Debtor or Debtors is or are required to appear and answer such De-

mand : And the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and are hereby authorised and

impowered (upon Proof made of the Service of such Summons) to make Inquiry concerning such De-

mands, and to pronounce and give such final Sentence or Judgement, and to make such interlocutory or

final Orders and Decrees, touching the fame, and the Costs of Suit, as to them shall appear agreeable to

Justice, Equity, and good Conscience.

XI. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Debt for Rent, upon any

Lease or Contract, where the T itle of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, can or may come in

question, or in or upon any other real Contract ; nor to any Debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any

Cause concerning any last Will and Testament, or matrimonial Contract, or the Breach thereof, or any

Thing properly belonging to any Ecclesiastical Court; nor to any Money won at or by Means of any

Horse-race, Cock match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play; nor to any Forfeiture upon any

penal Statute or Bye-law; nor to any Debt, for the Payment whereof there shall not have been a Con-

tract, Acknowledgement, Undertaking, or Promise, within six Years before the taking out of the Sum-

mons for the fame, although such Debt shall not amount to forty Shillings.

XIL And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor, who shall have been summoned as aforesaid, shall

(without some good Cause to be assigned, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners assembled in Court, and

ro be allowed by them) refuse or neglect to appear in Person, or by any Friend, in the said Court, at

the Time mentioned in the Summons, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or

more of them, on Proof being made upon Oath of the Service of such Summons, in Manner before

directed, to proceed to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such

Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, and to award such Cods as to them shall seem meet, and confident

with Justice, Equity, and good Confidence.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That if, upon the Return of any Summons at any Court, or at any Plaintiff not ay.

Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, or appearing shall no.t make* pearim?, or not

Proof of his, her, or their Debt or Demand, to the Satisfaction of the said Court, it shall be lawful for crtablifoing hit

the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award to the Defendant or Defendants such rea-

sonable Costs as they shall think proper, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame,

by such Ways and Means as are by this A# provided for enforcing the Payment of Debts and Costs

ordered and decreed by the said Court to be paid.

XIV. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and the more solemn Determination of the fevera! Commissionm

causes and Matters which shall be depending or arise in the said Court, be it further enacted, That it fhtll imposed to

be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, and they are *dminifttrOath*

hereby authorised and impowered, to administer, or cause to be administered, in open Court, an Oath to

the Party or Parties, Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, and also to such Witness or Wit-

aelfes as shall be produced by either Party, and also to the Officers of the Court, and to any other Person

or Persons whom the major Part of the Commissioners so assembled shall think proper to be examined and

give Evidence before them, touching or concerning any Cause, Matter, or Thing, arising in such Court,

or in any wise relating thereto ; and that in case any Person making Oath or giving Evidence in any Cause

or Matter whatsoever, depending or arising in the said Court, shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and

be thereof duly convicted, according to the Laws or Statutes of the Realm, every such Person shall incur

and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person, convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury, is or

shall be subject or liable to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in any Cafe where the said Commissioners, or any three or more

of them, shall have made any Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it shall be lawful for the said

Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award Execution at their Discretion, either against: the

Body or Goods of the Party against whom such Decree or Order shall be made; and thereupon it shall be

lawful for the Clerk or Deputy Clerk to the said Court, at the Request of the Party or Parties prosecuting

f«ch Order or Decree, to issue a Precept, under his Hand and Seal, to the Serjeant of the said Court, who>

by virtue of any such Precept issued upon the Execution awarded against the Body of such Party, shall and

may, and is hereby impowered and required, to take and apprehend, or cause to be taken and apprehended,

such Party, being within the Limits of this Act, and to convey him or her to the common Gaol of the said

Town and Port, used for the Reception of Debtors only, there to remain until he or she shall perform and

obey such Order or Decree ; so as no Person shall remain in Confinement, upon any such Execution, for

any longer Tjme than one Calendar Month, nor less than seven Days; and such lmpnfonment shall be

deemed to be a full Discharge and Extinguishment of the said Debt and Costs; and such Serjeant, by virtue

of any such Precept issued upon the Execution awarded against the Goods of any such Party, shall and

may, and such Serjeant is hereby impowered to levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Party,

being within the Limits of this Act, such Sum and Sums of Money and Costs as shall be so ordered and

decreed ; and if the Party, against whose Body or Goods any such Execution shall be awarded, and such

Piocefs (hjll issue thereupon, shall, by absconding, or by secreting or removing his or her Goods, or by

any other Means, prevent or evade the Service or Effect of any such Execution, and Proof thereof shall

be made to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them* by the Oath of the Serjeant of the said

Court, or of any other credible Witness, that then (but not otherwise) it shall be lawful for the said Com-

missioners, or any three or more of them, to award Execution, at their Discretion, either against the Body

or Goods of such Party preventing or evading the Service or Effect of the Execution a* aforesaid, and

Vol. XIV. Part IV. K k k

\

to the Partita

and Witnesses.

Penalty on wil-

ful Perjury,

Commissionerl

may award Exe-

cution against

Body or Goods.

