6g

81.

FoLf

r till

reet?

i tiK

>, or

w to

P*

; the

r of,

ei'to

an? f

an?

is u

;:)y

root

;aai

!ret;

to,

riai; ;

to

reels,

:Ctiv:

dd

FiA

to

Ci'iit

ou:e>.

toe-

S&-

itV,

■VCOB-

) Ug

Of«M

v,*

vnei^'

cm

Uto

At-

Cr1"

S«‘

A- D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C. 48.

(Lall have taken and subscribed an Oath before any two or more of the said Commissioners, who are hereby

authorised and required to administer the fame, and which Oath shall be in the Words, or to the Effect

following ; that is to say,

c T A. B. do swear, That I truly and bona fide am in my own Right, or in the Right of my Wife, in the The Oath.

4 actual Pofll/Iion and Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits, of Land9? Tenements, or

4 Hereditaments, of the clear yejrJy Value of forty Pounds, above Reprizes, or possessed of, or imitied

4 to, personal Eiiate to the Amount of eight hundred Pounds \

any Thing in the said former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding*

XLIV. Provided always netenhelefs, ana it is hereby enabled and declared, That all Persons who have Fellow? of cm-

been, or shall be named or appointed, by any College or Hall, and all Members of rhe said Univetfity ,cecs> anH s'"-

. appointed Commissioners in or by virtue of the said former Act, or to be hereafter so appointed, being j,Cftts

Fellows of Colleges or Students of Chris Church within the said University, shall be to all Intents and aa^hho^ny

Purposes Commissioners for putting the said former Act and this A& in Execution, in all Refpech, ex* ©ih*r Qoaimcu-

cept so far as relates to the Appropriation of the Tolls for the Amendment of the Mile-ways, Stone Bridge, *wo,

and Avenues thereto, without proving any other Qualification, or taking the above-mentioned Oaih ;

an v Thing in the said former Ad or this Act, or in any other Law or Statute, to the contrary in any wise

notwirhltanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted. That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, the Manner -Penalties and

©^levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed, shall and may be levied J

and recovered in such Manner, and under the fame Powers and Authorities, as by the said former Ad is a/^Ud!

provided for recovering such Penalties and Forfeitures ; and that one Moiety of the Money so from Time

to Time recovered, both under the Authority of the said former Ad and of this Act, shall, after delud-

ing all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the fame respectively, be paid to the Informer or

Informers, and the other Moiety to the Treafarer, or such other Person as the said Commissioners, or any

five or more of them, shall appoint, to be applied towards the Purposes of the said former Ad or

this Act, on Account whereof the said respective Penalties or Forfeitures shall have been imposed and

incurred.

XLVI. And be it further enacted. That all the Expences incurred in and about procurir>g and passing Expences of th‘.»

this Act, shall be paid out of the fiift Money arising by the Tolls or Duties and Rates which shall be col- Act ho* to be

leded by virtue of this Act. Pa,d*

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Regulation?, and An- Former Act enn-

'thorities, included in and granted or given by the said former Ad, except such as are hereby repealed, hnurd m:h tito

shall, subject to and under the Alterations made thereto by this Act» be, together with this Act, exe-

cuted and putin Force, for the Purposes therein and herein mentioned and specified, in as full and ample

a Manner as could or might be done if both the said Acts were but one Ad.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Public Act.

Ad; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Perform whom-

soever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to direct the Payment into the Exchequer of the respective Balances remaining in

the Hands of the several Persons therein named, for the Die and Benefit of the Public;

and for indemnifying the said respective Persons, and their Reprcfentarives, in rcfptd of

such Payments, and against all future Claims relating thereto y and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

S:k

R

Ito

W'

id t;:-

if*

t\)v'

b'

btf'*

o*r

y:V

1>

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Preamble.

intituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commijf oners to examine, take, and fate the rCC)Ui of 20

public Accounts of the Kingdom ; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be Geo. ill. C. p4

applied to the public So vice ; and what Dcfcfts there arc in the present Mode of receiving, colls Sling, issuing, 54* __

and accounting for public Money ; and in what more expeditious and effeSluaU an i iefs expenjhe Manner, the

said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public \ it was enacted, That

Lieutenant General Sir Guv Carleton, Thomas A'lguish Esquire, Arthur Piggott Esquire, Richard Neave

Esquire, Samuel B cachet oft Esquire, fames Turney Esquire, and George Drummond Enquire, or any three

of them, (bouid be, and were thereby con/Etuud (J >mrr>i/Tinners for examining, taking, and ftatirg the

Accounts of all Duties, 'Faxes, and M ni s, gramed, raised, and appropriaied for the public Service

of this Kingdnra, which h d been issued to any Person or Persons whatloevrr, whose final Accounts had

not then been passed hefore the Auditor of the ImprefV, according to the Forms of the Exchequer, or

whose Accounts, although pallid, had been for Seivn es which had been performed since the firlf Day of

January, one thoulani leven handled and sevenry fix; and for confi Jering of, and reporting by what

Means and Methods the punlic A< counts might in tinure be passed, and the Accountants compelled to

pay the Balances, and Monies due from them, in a more expeditious, more effectual, and less expensive

Manner: And, to the Inrent 1h.1t the Public might soon-r avail themselves of some of the Advantages

intended to br derived tr« in the fai.i Ac>, it was thereby further enabled. That the said Commiflr nets

1 should* in the first place, take an Account of the public Montes in the Hands of the several Accountant*;

4 and*

