*7*

Penalty on Per-

fool refu^ng to

deliver up Poor’#

Kates, Sec, after

proper Demand,

Penalty on Guar-

dims who /Trail

neglect to attend

Monthly Meet*

bp.

Waftr Lind ad-

joining to Poor

Hoafes may be

iniioied, *iih

Confcm of the

Lord of the

Manor, &c«

Persons sent to

Poor Houses to

deliver an Order

Hgned by a Guar*

dian*

Whit Persons

may be Cent to

the Poor Houses.

How poor Chil-

dren a re to be

provided for.

Idle Person?,

who oeglt£l to

provide for theii

Familirs, fnali

be pr fecu'ed by

the Guirdiaas.

How Giurdian#

are to proceed ra-

’a'i e to po9r

Perfo'ts who can-

not t'.et Employ-

ment.

(X 83^ Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

XXV. And be It further enaAe J, That th« Churchwarden dr Overseer of tht Poor of any Parish,

Township, or Place, who shall have the Custody of the Poor's Rates, Assessments, or Accounts, for such

Parish, Township, or Place, Ih.rll, and is hereby required to produce the fame to the Persons who shall be

nominated, in the Agreement contained in the said Schedule for uniting Parishes, on every Request made

by them for that Purpose, after four Days Notice thereof, in order to enable them to ascertain the Expences

relative to the Poor, on a Medium of three Years, according to the Dire A ions, true Intent, and Mean-

ing of this Act, or in Default thereof {hall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds for every such Refufai of

Neglect.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Guardian of the Poor for any Parish, Township, or

Place, which ffaall adopt the said Provision as aforesaid, fcall not attend each Monthly Meeting hereby di-

iefted to be holden, or fend some substantial Inhabitant of such Parish, Township, or Place, to attend and

answer the Payments for him, in case he {hall be prevented determined by Sickness, or other unavoidable Acci-

dent, from attending in Person, the Guardian for every such Parish, Township, and Place, making such

Default, shall, for every such Neglefit, forfeit a Sum hot exceeding five rounds, nor less than forty

Shillings.

XXvlI. And be it further enacted, That irt order tb encourage the salutary and benevolent Purposes of

this Act,^ and to afford better Accommodations for the Poor at such Poor Houses, it shall and may be lawful

for the Guardians of the Poor, where any such Poor House {hall be provided, purchased, or agreed to be

erefled, to indofe from any Waftc or Common Land or Ground lying near or adjoining thereto, with the

Consent and Approbation of the Lord of the Manor, and the major Part in Value of the Freeholders or

Persons having Right of Common thereupon, figrtified under their Hands and Seals, any Part or Portion of

such Wafe or Common Land, not exceeding ten Acres, for the Purpose of building upon, or occupying,

cultivating, and improving the same, for the Ufa and benefit of such Poor House, and the poor Persons

within the Parish, Township, or Place, where the fame shall be, or within the Panfties, Townships, or

Places, which shall be united therewith for the Purposes of this Act.

XXVm. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons, to be sent to any House or Houses to

be provided under the Authority of this Act, {hall, at the Time of his dr her entering such House, deliver,

or cause to be delivered to the Governor thereof, or to his Affiftartt, if any, an Order, signed by one of the

Guardians of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, from which such Person shall come, for the Ad-

mission of such Person or Persons, in the Form or to the Effect contained in the said Schedule, N° XII;

which Order {hall be carefully kept by the Governor, and entered by him in a Book to be provided for

that Purpose.

4 XXtX. And, to fender the Provisionl of this Act more praAicable and beneficial/ be it further Cn-

acted, That no Person shall be sent to such Poor House or House9, except such as are become indigent by

old Age, Sickness, or Infirmities, and are unable to acquire a Maintenance by their Labour; and except

such Orphan Childreh as shall be sent thither by Order of the Guardian or Guardians of the Poor, with the

Approbation of the Visitor; and except such Children as shall necessarily go with their Mothers thither for

Sustenance.

XXX. And be itfurthet enacted, That all Infant Children of tender Years, and who, from Accident or

Misfortune, shall become chargeable to the Parish or Place to which they belong, may either be sent to

such Poor House as aforesaiJ, or be placed by the Guardian or Guardians of tly.* Poor, with the Approba-

tion of the Visitor, with some reputable Person or Persons in or near the Parish, Township, or Place, to

which they belong, at such weekly Allowance as shall be agreed upon between the Parish Officers and such

Person or Persons, with the Approbation of the Visitor, until such Child or Children shall be of sufficient

Age to be put into Service, or bound Apprentice to Hufliandry, or some Trade or Occupation; and a List

of the Names of every Child so placed out, and by whom and where kept, shall be given to the Visitor;

who shall fee that they are propeily treated, or cause them to be removed, and placed under the Care of

some other Person or Persons, if he finds just Cause so to do; and when every such Child shall attain such

Age, he or she shall be so placed out, at the Expence of the Parish, Township, or Place, to which he or

she ftnll belong, according to the Laws in being: Provided uevertheless. That if the Parents or Relation*

of any poor Child sent to such House, or so placed out as aforesaid, or any other responiible Person, shall

tlefire to receive and provide for any such poor Child or Children, and signify the fame to the Guardians at

their Monthly Meeting, the Guardians shall, and are hereby required to dismiss, or cause to bedismissed,

such Child or Childien from the Poor House, or from the Care of such Person or Persons as aforesaid, and

deliver him, her, or them, to the Parent, Relation, or other Person so applying as aforesaid: Provided alfoj

that nothing herein contained shall give any Power to separate any Child or Children, under the Age of

ftvt n Years, from his, her, or their Parent or Paren:$, without the Consent of such Parent or Parents.

XXXI. And be it further en*Aedy That all idle‘of disorderly Persons, who arc able, but unwilling, to

work or maintain themselves and their Families, shall be prosecuted by the Guardians of the Poor of the

fevered Parishes, Townships, and Places, wherein they reside, and punished in such Manner as idle and

difordeily Persons are directed to be by the Statute made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late*

Majesty King George the Second; and if any Guardian shall nrgleA to make Complaint thereof* against

every such Person or Persons, to some neighbouring Justite of th^ Peace, within ten Days after icftiail

come to his Knowledge, he shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor lese

than twenty Shillings, one Moiety whereof, when recovered, shall he paid to the Informer, and the other

Moiety to be dispoled of as the othet Forfeitures are Jierein-after directed to be applied.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, Thht where there shall be, in any Parish, Township, or Place, any

poor Person or Persons who shall be able and willing to work, but who cannot get Employment, it shall

tnd may be lawful for the Guardian of the Poor of such Partlh, ToWrtftnp, orr/ace, and he i* hereby re-

quired, on Application made to him by or on Behalf of such poor Person* to agree ftr the Labour of such

P00'

9

