The TITLES of the STATUTES.

to the O'Ju'cs of ChuichvYucdcn n:i<i Ovcrlcer oi the

Poor, and Treasurer of tilt lltiiic Parish.

An Act for amending sevenl Road> leading from JVooL

J*cfk, through Kilting: m and Enjfone, to Ralright Lane \

and i roiii Bridge lo Kidainvim atorcfmd, in the

County of (L/;«v/.

C?. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

nude in the huh Year of the Reign of his prdent Ma*

jetty, intituled, An Act for repairing and -widening the

Rond from Alford to Bolton, and j, cm thence to Cow-

bridge, in the Count/ cf Lincoln.

fcj- An Act to amend and render more effectual so much

c? two Acts, made in the second and twcUth Years of the

Reign o\ his pretent Majesty, for repairing, ’'widening, and

i:.:.rirg fveral Roads leading from TaviiKcJc to Ply-

mouth, and ether Places in the County of ‘Devon, and for

repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall, hi

Tavistock afore/,lid, through Mathew-street, and Lower

Brook-street, to Cherrybrook, and to Dunna Bridge

Pound, and from the Callington Turnpike Road to Mor-

welham and New Quay, in the said County, as rtlates to

the Roach leading from the Lower Market House, in

Tav'flock afoicfaid, to (JLl Town Gate, in Ply mouth afore -

said, and from Alanadon Gate, to the Old Pound, near

Plymouth Dock.

^4. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act

passed in the third Yearofhis present Majesty King George

(he Third, for amending and widening f evered Reads lead-

ing fiom or near the Forth End of the Town and Borough

cf Totnes in the County of Dev on.

($5. An Act for completing, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Road from Rcwd Ford, through the Devizes

Market Place, to Sheppard's Shore!and from the East

End of Devizes to the Top-of Red Hone, in the County

of Wilts \ and for changing and altering Part of the said

Road.

66. An Act for amending, widening, and keening in Re-

Pair, the Roads leading from the Meeting House in the

arish of Llancgwad, to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of

Llanddarog; and from Dan-yr-Alt in the said Parish of

Llancgwad, to Pont-y-Bcrem in the Parish of Llangcn-

deirne, in the County of Carmarthen.

6y, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the

Shambles in the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of

Devon, through Frankfort Gate, to Stonehouse Bridge ;

and from the Weft End of the said Bridge to the Inner

Barrier Gate next the Playhouse, in the Parish of Stoke

Damarel, in the said County; for lighting, watching,

and watering the said Road; and for regulating the Stands

and Fares of Carriages using the fame.

68. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the twenty-sixth

Year of the Reign ot King George the Second, for re-

pairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from

the rI owns of Salford, Warrington, Bit on, and Wigan,

and to certain Places called The Broad Oak, in Wotjley,

and Duxhury Stocks, in the County Palatine of Lancifler;

for making more effectual Provision for repairing and

widening the said Roads; and also for making, altering,

and widening the Road from a Place called South Sea, in

Ft \(di bury, to Age croft Bridge, and from thence through

IB ,ton Lane, to Da upon Lane End; and also from Age-

crept Bridge, over Kerjal Aloor, to Singleton Brock, in the

laid County.

6<). An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge

the Powers, of an Act, made in the seventh Year of the

Reign of his present Majest y, for amending, repairing,

find widening several Roads in the Counties 0/'Radnor and

i 1

Hereford; and for repairing and widening several other

Roads in the said Counties.

70. An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the

Ttrnvand Powers of an Act, passed in the second Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

rtpairing and widening the Road from Kirkby Steven

High Lane Head, in the County of Weltmorland, through

Scvibergh, to Greet a Bridge, in the County Palatine of

L.mcaitcr; and pern Bracken Bar Gate, near Alkiigg,

in the County f \ erk, through Sedbergh, to Kirkby Ken-

dal; and tiljo the Road fiom the four Lane Ends in

Marth.\aitc, to the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg Hause,

leadingfrom Appleby/; Kirkby Kendal, in the said County

of Welimorlaud.

PRIVATE ACTS.

late of the

card Earl of Derby, deceased,

Anno 24 Georgii III. Scftl 2.

1. AN Act for velting Part of the Estates

Jtx R giit Honourable Edi

in the several Counties of I Par with, Chester, and Cam-

bridge, in the Right Honourable Edward the present Earl

of Derby, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Eilatc of the

laid present Earl of Derby in the County of Lancaster, of

greater Value, in lieu thereof, anJ in Exchange for the

lame.

2. An Act for establifiling and confirming a certain Ex-

change, agreed upon between the Lord Bishop of Saint

David's, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Bat-

tesford, in the County of Gioucfler, and Thomas Edwards

Freeman Esquire, of certain Grounds and other Heredita-

ments within the said Parish.

3. An Act for impowering the Trustees of the Will of

John Okill, deceased, to left certain Lcalehold Estates in

Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Preference to

his Eltates of Inheritance, for Payment of his Debts and

Legacies, and lor other Purposes therein mentioned.

4. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates

late of Sir Robert Sutton Knight, deceased, situate in the

County of Lincoln, in Sir Richard Sutton Baronet, his

Heirs and Alfjgns; and for veiling certain Lands and

Hereditaments, the Estate of the said Sir Richard Sutton,

situate in Bleazbvand Southwell, in the County of Notting-

ham, in Lieu thereof, to the larue Uses.

5. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Fields, Undivided inclosures. Commons, and Waftc

Grounds, within the Manor and Lordship of Lon°nor, in

the Parish of A'iji onfield, in the County of Staff ml.

6. An Act for dividing and incluling the Commons and

Waste Lands within the Parish of Biagdon, in the County

of Somnjet.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing tbc several Open

Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

within the Manors and Loibships of Hex:rope with Bally,

and Long Sandal I, in the Sc ke of DoncafL r$ in the Welt

Riding of the County of Pork.

8. An Act for naturalizing John Joseph Alary Poulin,

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, or Wade

Lands, within the Parish of Lower BraiUs% in the County

of Warwick.

10. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange

agreed upon between the Reverend James Dalton, Rector

of the Parish of Stanrnore, in the County of Aliddlsftx,

and George Drummond Esquire, of certain Lands within

the said Parish.

11. An Act to explain and amend a Power veiled in John

Dalton Esquire, so grant Leases, fy far as it concerns

certain

