*86

From June i,

X T%i, an addi-

tional Do y of

4 d. j-cr Pound

on all i obacco

imported ;

•ml of 3d. per

Pound on ail

Suutf ar>poitcJ.

Recital of «o

A(U8 Car. II.

and i he Addi-

tional Bo k ofw

Rite*. nGeo. I,

relative to she

Duty oa Brandy.

7 Geo. II, Cip.

M-

From June I,

17X2, the said

Dtries on Im-

porfation of

Brandy «nd Ar-

ia k, ^except

Fxc fe Cuties)

to cease.

New Duties to

be paid instead

thereof,

New Duties fnb*

to an addi-

tional Duty of

5I. per Cent,

conformable to

jg Geo, HI.

Ci|>. tS.

Dutiei take paid

upon Importa-

tion without any

Discounr, and

to be under the

Management of

the Comnrfiion-

t's of thcCuf-

tom r.

How to be ap*

plied.

C. 28. Anno vicesimo secundo Georg 11 111. A.D. 1782,

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon

all Tobacco which, from and after the fiift Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two,

Cull be imported or biought into this Kingdom of Great Britain, over and above ail Customs, Subsidies,

and Duties, ahc.idy impoied thereon, an additional Duty of Four-pence for every Pound,YVeight Avoirdu-

pois, and after that Rate for a greater or less Quantity.

. 4 II. And whereas, in order to promote and encourage the Manufi&urc of SnufF in Great Britain, it is

4 expedient that a further Duty should be impoied upon Foreign SnufF imported, in proportion to the said

* additional Duty by this Act granted upon Tobacco j* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority

aforesaid, That there shall he also raised, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

for and upon all Snuff* which, from and after the said first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-two, {hall be imported or brought into this Kingdom of Great Britain, over and above all Customs,

Subsidies, and Duties, already imposed thereon, an additional Duty of eight-pence for every Pound Weight

Avoirdupois, and after that Rate for any greater or less Quantity.

4 III. And whereas by an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

4 intituled, An Act for encouraging of Coinage, a Duty of twenty Shilling per Ton was imposed upon

4 Brandy, Wines, or Strong Waters, imported into this Kingdom ; and in and by the Additional Book of

4 Rates, referred to by an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

4 First, Spirits called Brandy are rated as follows; that is to say, Brandy of France, the Ton, containing

• two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, at thirty Pounds; Brandy of Spain, Portugal, or Italy, the Ton,

4 c< ntaming two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, at fifteen Pounds; and Brandy of all other Countries,

4 nototherwise rated, the 7on, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, at twenty Pounds: And

4 whereas by an A£i made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

4 intituled, An Act for ascertaining the Duties upon Arrack, and for giving further Time to Clerks and Ajopren-

4 tices to bay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contrafts; it was, amongst other 7 hings,

4 enacted, 7'hat the fame Subsidies, Duties, and Excise, then payable upon Brandy and Foreign Spirit*

4 imported, and no more, {hould be paid for Arrack, imported from any of his Majesty’s Colonies orTer-

4 ritories in the East Indies, and that the fame Allowance should be made on the Exportation thereof, as

4 was made upon Foreign Brandy, or other Spirits: And whereas, in order to evade Payment of the Du-

4 ties due by Law upon Brandy of France, great Quantities of French Brandy mixed abroad with Brandy of

4 other Countries, have been imported into this Kingdom from Dunkirk, and other Ports in Flanders,

4 under the Denomination of FlemifJ) Brandy; and by reason of such Mixture, and other Pra£lices, ulcd by

4 the Traders therein to disguise the fame, it is impossible for the Officers of the Customs to ascertain the

4 proper Duties that ought to be paid for such Brandy, whereby the publiclc Revenue is dimimshed, and

4 the fair Trader much injured*/ For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That,

from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, the said Rates upon

Brandy shall be repealed, and the several Duties payable upon the Importation of Brandy and Arrack, as

herein-before mentioned (except the Duties of Excise, as herein-after is provided), and all former Draw-

backs on the Exportation thereof, Ihallceafc, determine, and he no longer paid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of June,

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, in lieu and in stead of the said former Rates and Duties re-

pealed by this Act, there {hall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, for every Ton of Brandy, or Spirits

usually entered under that Denomination, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, which {hall be

brought or imported into this Kingdom from any Place or Country beyond the Seas, the Sum of eight

Pounds and eight Shillings; and for every Ton of Arrack, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons,

which {hall be brought or imported into this Kingdom, the like Sum of eight Pounds and eight Shillings;

and after those Rates for any greater or less Quantity thereof; any 7'hing in any former Act or Acts to the

contrary notwithstanding.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Duties herein-

before granted, {hall be also subject and liable to an additional impoft or Duty of five Pounds per Centum,

in the lame Manner, and under the fame Regulations, as the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum

is granted *o his Majesty by an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of his Reign, intituled, An Act for grant-

ing to his Alajefv additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the rcjpeftive

Commissiotters of the Cujhms and Excise in Great Britain.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several and respective Du-

ties herein-before granted, {hall be paid down in ready Money, without any Discount or Allowance,

upon Importation, and {hall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in such Manner and Form,

and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures (except where any

Alteration is made by this Act), as the former Duties payable to his Majesty upon such Articles respectively

were raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, as fully and efledlually, to all Intents and Purposes,

as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, respectively relating thereto,

were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act; and the fame {hall be under

the Management and Direction of the respective Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs and their Of-

ficers for the Time being, and {hall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver-general of the Customs in Eng-

land, and shall be by him paid (the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, and answering the fame, only

excepted) into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and appropriated and applied in the following

Manner; that is to say ; two Pounds, twelve Shillings, and Sixpence, Part of the said Duties on Brandy

and Arrack, to the Subsidy on Spirits; one Pound and one Shilling, other Part thereof, to the Subsidy one

thousand seven hundred and forty-seven; one Pound and one Shilling, to the Subsidy one thousand seven

1 hiindxed

e

