A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III* C. 14* 295

No Pci Tons to

life the Banltt

as Roads, or

cbftruft the

Drainage.

The B<nUs of

the new Drain

\n Keadby to

be two Feet

above High-

water Mark.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Owner or Occupier of any Lands and

Grounds in the Parish of Keadby aforesaid, or any other Person whosoever, {hall use either of the Banks

which shall be made on the Sides of th- said new Drain, as a Road or Way, or otherwise prejudice or

damage the fame, or make any Dams, Lets, or Obstructions, within the said new Drain, or in any Man-

ner hinder, obftnnft, or impede the free Course and Pafiage of the Water along the fame.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Lid Participants, their several and respective Heirs and Af-

signs, shall, and are hereby required to mske, and for ever maintain and support, the Banks to be made

on each Side of the said new Drain in the Township of Keadby aforesaid two Feet higher than the highest

Water Mark, as before directed; and in case of any Defect of Deficiency in the said Banks, and the said

Participants shall refuse or neglect to repair the fame in a reasonable Time, after Notice in Writing, to

be given for that Purpose, and delivered to their Expenditor for the Time being, or left at his usual Place

of Abode, then, and in Arch Cafe, the said Participants, their several and respective Heirs and Affigns,

shall bi: answerable for any Damage to arise to the Lands and Grounds in Keadby aforefa;d, 01 to the Crop

or Crops thereon, in confccjuence of such Defect or Deficiency in the said Banks; the fame to be re-

covered by Action in any of his Majesty’s Courts at Westminster, notwithstanding any Thing herein con-

tained to the contrary; and tha% for this Purpose only, the said Participants may, after the Completion

of the several Works hereby directed, be sued by and in the Name of The Partuipants of the Level of

Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Countie$\f York, Lincoln, and Nottingham; and that Process if-

suing out of any of his Majesty’s Courts of Law or Equity, against the said Participants, {hall and may

be served upon the Expenditor for the Time being, employed by or under the said Participants, and that

the fame shall be deemed and taken to be good and lawful Service upon the said Participants.

XVI. And be it further enacted and declared. That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed

to defeat, lessen, or prejudice the Right, Title, or Interest of the said Lord of the Manor of Keadby afore-

said, or of the said Lady of the Manor of Crowle aforesaid, or of any future Lord or Lords, Lady or

Ladies thereof, of, in, or to the said Manors respectively, or of, in, or to any Seigniories, Rights, and

Royalties, incident and belonging to the said Manors respectively.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought against

any Person or Persons, for any Thing done jn pursuance or Execution of the Powers by this Act given,

every such Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced within three Calendar Months next after

the Fad committed, and not afterwards; and the Person or Persons so sued or prosecuted shall or may

plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading

the fame, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by virtue of

this Act; and if in Replevin, may justify and avow by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority

of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act {ball be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and PuWkk AA.

{ball be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially

pleading the same.

Saving of

Rights to the

Lord of the

Minor of

Keadby.

Limitation of

Actions.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Goods from Europe in Neutral Ships into the

I Hands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, Montferr at, Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and the

Grenadines \ and of Goods the Produce or Manufacture of the said Islands, and of To-

bago and Saint Lucia, from thence into this Kingdom, in such Ships, upon Payment of

tht British Plantation Duties, fora limited Time; for permitting certain Goods, the Pro-

duce of those Islands, secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, to be taken our, on Pay-

ment of the British Plantation Duties, and to cancel certain Bonds entered into for Pay-

ment of the Duties due thereon; for further continuing certain temporary Acts for the En-

couragement of Trade; and to repeal an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of his Ma-~

jesty’s Reign, for allowing the Importation of Goods the Growth of Saint Christopher, Nevis,

and Montferrar, into any of his Majesfs Dominions in Europe or America!

f \X7HEREAS, during the late Hostilrties, the Islands of Saint Chrijhpher, Nevis, Montserrat, Da-

€ ▼ ▼ minica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and the Grenadines, were taken by the Arms of his most Christian

€ Majesty, and, by the Preliminary Articles of Peace, are to be leftored to this Kingdom; and it may

happen that Neutral Ships, laden at foreign Ports in Europe with Cargoes consigned to the said Islands,

may not arrive there before such Islands are so restored as aforesaid, and it is expedient to permit such

1 Ships to land their Cargoes at those Islands, and to bring from thence to Great Britain any Goods of

‘ the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of such Islands;* may it therefore please your Majesty that

it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That it {hall and may be lawful for any Neutral Ship or Vessel that shall

have cleared out from any foreign Port in Europe before the first Day of April, one thousand seven hun-

dred and eighty-three, with any Goods consigned to the said Islands, or either of th^m, to enter and land

such Goods at any of the said Islands, although such Ships may not arrive there till after the said Islands

are restored and delivered up to his Majesty; and it {hall and may be lawful for such Ships, at any Time

before the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, to take on Board, and bring

back to any Port in Great Britain, any Goods, being the Growth, Produdi#n, or Manufacture of fuen

Q^q 2 Islands,

Vj

Preamble.

Neutral Vef.

fels cleared out

from foreign

Ports to St.

Christopher’f,

See. before

April 11 j7Sj,

may land their

Cargoes, Sec.

