170

P'naJt'ee and

Forfeitures how

to be recovered.

Perform fg-

grieved may ap-

peal to the

Quarter Sessions,

fublick Act#

Preamble.

Kcrltal of

i6 Geo. Ill,

pP. j.}

17 Geo. HI,

Cap. 7»

19 Geo. HI,

Cap. 67 }

*0 Geo. Ill#

Cap. a 3|i

eo. Ill,

C»p. 15.

C. 15. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782*

V. And whereas the Provisions of the said former Act, touching the Recovery of the Penalties and For-

4 feitures imposed or to be imposed by or in pursuance thereof, are, in some Respects, defective ,* for Re-

medy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where any Penalty or Forfeiture

is or shall be imposed or inflicted by virtue of the said Act, or by virtue of any Rule, Bye-law, or Order

of the said Company of Proprietors, made in pursuance thereof, and no Mode of Conviction of the Of-

fenderor Offenders, and of the Recovery of such Penalties and Forfeitures, is specihed or diiefted by the

said Act, all such Penalties and Forfeitures shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice

or Justices of the Peace for the County of Stafford or Woreefler, either by the Confession of the Party or

Parties, or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath any such Justice is hereby im-

powered ar.d required to administer without Fee or Reward), be levied and recovered, by Distress and Sale

of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such

Justice or justices (which Warrant such Justice or Justices is or are hereby impowered togram); and the Over-

plus, after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are recovered and deduct-

cd, {hall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case fuf-

ficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be

lawful for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to

cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or Prison for the County of Staf-

ford o\ Worcester, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for such Time as such Justice or Justices

ftalldireft, not exceeding three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties or Forfeitures, and all reasonable-

Charges attending the fame, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall think himself*

heifelf, or themselves aggrieved by any Conviction of any Justice or Justices in pursuance of this Act*

every such Person shall and may appeal, against such Conviction or Convictions, to the General Quar-

ter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the County where the Cause shall arise, within the Space of four

Calendar Months after such Conviction shall have been made; and the said Justices in their Quarter Sef-

fions {hall and may hear and determine the fame in a summary Way, and mitigate any such Penalty or For-

feiture, or make such other Order therein, and award such Costs to either Party, as to such Court shall feenx

just and reasonable.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be allowed in all Court*

whatsoever as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take No-

tice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XV.

An Act for the Relief of Naval Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, with respect to*

Prize and Bounty Money not claimed in due Time.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled*

dn Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Malfachufet’s Bay*

Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the three Lower Counties on Dela-

4 ware. Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the

4 present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively, for repealing an Act, made in the fourteenth Tear of the

4 Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the Landing and Discharging, Lading or Shipping, of Goodst^

4 Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town and within the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of Massa*

4 chus {s Bay j and also two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for refraining the Trade and Commerce

4 of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and au~

4 thorized by his Majesty to grant Pardons, to issue Proclamations, in the Cafes, and for the Purposes therein men-

4 tioned; and also by another Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty,

4 intituled, An Acffor enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Bri-

4 tain, to grant Commissions to the Commanders of private Ships and Fejfels, employed in Trade, or retained in his

Majestys Service, to take and make Prize of all such Ships and Vcfjels, and their Cargoes, as are therein men-

4 tioned, for a limited Time; and also by another Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his said

4 present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the morefpeedy and effectual man*

4 ning his Majestys Navy \ and also by another Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his said pre*

4 sent Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, 44 An Act for

44 the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more ffeedy and effectual manning his Majestys Navy and for making

mai ders, and other Officers and Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on board every Ship and Vessel of

4 War, in his Majesty’s Pay, shall have the folelntercft and Property of and in all and every Ship, Vessel*

4 Goods, and'Merchandizes, which they have or shall seize and take, after the fame shall have been finally

4 adjudged lawful Prize to his Majesty, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in

4 his Majesty’s Plantations in America, or elsewhere, to be divided in such Proportions, and after such

4 Manner, as his Majesty had then ordered and directed, or as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, should

4 think fit to order and direct by Proclamation or Proclamations thereafter to be issued for those Purposes;

and it is by the said Acts, or some of them, among other Things, further enacted, That, after the several

1 and respective Notifications by the said Acts required to be given, if any Man’s Shares of Prizes or Bounty

4 Money shall remain in the Hands of the Persons or Agents appointed as by the said Acts are directed, which

4 shall not be legally demanded within three Years, then such Share or Shares of Prizes or Bounty Money

4 so

GoogI<

