c. 83*

Anno viccfinao secundo G p o r g i i III* A.D. 17 8ai

N« if.

FORM of CONSENT and APPROBATION of the Justicei.

W E A- B. and C D. Esquires, two of his Majesty* Justices of the Peace for the County, etcetera, of

[as the Cafe shall be] considerine the Parish or Township, etcetera9 of

within the said County, etcetera, to be of Magnitude sufficient to have a Workhouse provided within it for

the Reception and Employment of the Poor, and to adopt the Provisions of the Act (for the better Relirf

and Employment of the Poor) passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, do

hereby give our Approbation and Consent thereto, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act ; and we dd

also agree to the Salaries fixed by the said Agreement to be paid to the Guardian and Governor.

Given under our Hands, this Day of

N* III.

FORM of AGREEMENT, at the Publick Meeting, for two or more Parisher*

Townships, or Places, to unite in adopting the Provisions of the Act, made in the

twenty-second Year of King George the Third, for the better Relief and Employment of

the 4?oor.

IT is agreed, at a Publick Meeting duly held this Day of at

in the County of pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, That the Parish [or Town-

ship} of [as the Cafe shall be] shall, from henceforth, in Conjunction with the Parishes or

Townships of and [as the Cafe shall be] adopt in all Refpeftsthe

Provisions, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and comply with all the Kequifues prescribed by the said Act

for ParUhes uniting for those Purposes; and that a convenient Workhouse, and other Buildings and necef-

fary Conveniencies, shall be immediately provided at or near and properly fitted up and

accommodated for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act: And we recommend to the Consideration of

the Justices of the Limit wherein such Workhouse will be firuate, A. BC. D., and E. R, as fit and

proper Persons qualified for Guardians of the Poor; and G. if., /. AT., and L. M., as fit Persons to be

Governors of the Poor House for the said Parish [or, Township, as the Cafe shall be] \ and do agree to al-

low the Person who shall be appointed Guardian a Salary of per Annum for his Trouble

in executing that Office; and to the Person who shall be appointed Governor of the Poor House a Salary

of for his Trouble in executing that Office.

N* IV.

FORM of AGREEMENT for uniting the Parishes [or, Townships, as the Cafe shall

be] of A, B9 C, and D, for the Purpose of providing a House or Houses, and the better

maintaining and employing their Poor, pursuant to the Statute of the twenty* fecopd Year

of King George the Third.

IT is agreed, this Day of by and between the Guardians of the

Poor of the Parishes of and and of the Townships of

and in the County of (which maintain their own

.Poor separate and distinct from the other Parts of their respective Parishes) whose Names are hereunto

subscribed, pursuant to the Opinion of two third Parts, in Number and Value as aforesaid, of the Owners

or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, afiefted to the Poor’s Rates within such respective

Parishes and Townships, at Meetings duly held for that Purpose, qualified according to the Directions of

the Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, and with

the Approbation of A. B and C» D. two Justices of the Peace, according to the Directions of the said

Act, That the said respective Parishes and Townships shall be united for the better maintaining and em-

ploying their Poor; and that a convenient House or Houses, with pioper Buildings and Accommodations

thereto, and with Land fit for Gardens, Orchards, and the keeping of a Cow or Cows, shall be built [pur-

chafed, or hired, as shall be found most fuitableJ, at or near for the Reception and Accom-

modation of the Poor, as soon as conveniently may be, and if hired, the fame shall be rented upon such

Terms as shall be agreed upon between the Guardians of the Poor of the said several Parishes andTown-

ships, or the major Part of them, and the Person or Persons owning or being authorised to let such Buildings,

Lands, and Premises; but no such Agreement shall be made for a longer Term than twenty-one Years,

unless the Guardian or Guardians shall have an Option to vacate it at the End of that Term, on giving

twelve Months Notice in Writing of his or their Intentions so to do, nor for a shorter Term than three

Years; and such Houses shall be fitted up and made convenient for the Purposes aforesaid, at the Expence

of the Landlords [or Tenants, as shall be agreed between them] : That the Rents of the said Houses, the

Expences of fitting up, making Additions or Alterations [where they shall be agreed to be paid by the Tenants],

and of the Furniture thereof, and also the Utensils and Materials to be used for the Purpose of employing

the Poor, and the Wages and Allowances to be paid to the Governor of the House, (nail be paid by the

laid several Guardians in their due Proportions, according to the Amount of the Money raised by the Poor's

