.3^6

Duties to be un-

der the Manage-

ment of Com-

miftionen cf

Sump-doties,

PerfcM h’ring In

London,or wWi-

ln the Weekly

Bills, fhalI give

Notice, at the

Stamp-cffke, of

the Number of

Waggons, &c*

the/ keep;

Persona refjd-ng

in any othur Part

of Grrat Britain

to give, like No-

tice to the proper

Oliver in the

Nei^Ujouihood. '

Jhich Netire as

aforesaid to be

given, and Pay-

ment made, an-

nually, on For-

fciure of 5b

Not obliged to go

further than the

nett Market

Town to make

Payment, &c.

Upon Payment

of the Duties, a

Licence Bull be

given.

Prosecutions to

be determined by

a neighbouring

Justice;

but Appeal may

be made to the

Quarter Sessions.

C. 66. Anno vicesimo terdo Georgi III. A.D. 1783,

VVI. And, for the better and more effectual raising, levying, colliding, and plying, the said Rates and

* Duties herein-before granted,’ Be it enacted, "1 hat the fame shall be under the Government, Care, and

Management of the Comrriiiuoners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on

damped Vellum, Paichmenc, and Paper; who, or the m dor Pm of them, are hereby required and im-

poweied to appoint and employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries

and incidental Charges as ffiail be necessary, and to provide arid use such Marks or Stamps as they shall

think fit to denote the Duty, and to repair, renew, or alter the fame, from Time to Time, as there shall

be Occalion ; and to do dll otlvT Acts, Matters, and Things neccfljry to be done for putting this Act

in Execution, with relation to the said Rates and Duties hereby gianted, in the like and in as full and

ample M inner as they, or the imjor Part of them, are authorized to put in Execution any of the Laws

now in being concerning iHrrprd Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

VII. And be it further enacted, T hat all and every Person and Persons who, from and after the fail

first Day of November, one thoftfund seven hundred and eighty-three, shall have or keep any Waggon,.

Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, hereby directed to be licensed, for his, her, or their own Use, or the

Use of any Person of or for whom he, she, or they, i?, are, or shall be Committees, Trufrees, or Guard-

ians, if living in London, Jt/ij!n:iiifters or within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall,

within thirty Days after the f.tid first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three,

or within twenty Days after he or she shall begin to keep such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Car-

riage, and from Lime to Time within twenty Days alter beginning to keep any other stich Carriage or

Carriages respect vely, not being in the Place or Stead of the former, give Notice in Writing, at the

Head Office in London for (Limping and marking of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, of his, her, or

their keeping the fame, and of the Number of the Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other Carriages, so by

him, her, or them respectively kept as aforesaid, and of the Parish or Place where he, (he, or they re-

spectively re fide; and Avail at the fame Time pay down the respective annual Rates and Duties so im-

posed as aforesaid for keeping the farr.e.

VIII. And be it further enacted, "1 hat all and every Person and Persons who, from and after th? Lid

first Day of November+ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall keep any Waggon, Wain,

Cart, or other Carriage, hereby directed to be licensed, for his or her own Use, or for the Ule of ar.y.

Person of or whom he, she, or they shall be Committees, Trustees, or Guardians, in any other Part of

Great Britain, shall, v/irhin sixty Days after the said first Day of November, one thousand ft vtn hundred

and eighty-three, or within twenty Days after he, (he, or they Avail begin to keep such Waggon, Wain*

Cart, or other Carriage, and from Time to Time within twenty Days after beginning to keep any other

such Carriage or Carriages respectively, not being in the Place or Stead of the former, give Notice in.

Writing to the proper Officer appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, redding next to the

Place where such Person or Persons for whose Ulc the fame shall be so kept shall respectively inhabit, of

his, her, or their keeping the fame, and of the Number of the Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other Car-

riages, so by him or them respectively kept, as aforesaid, and of the Parish or Place where he, (he, or

they respectively reside ; and (hftl at the fame Time pay down the respective annual Rates and Duties (o

imposed as a fore fn id for the keeping the fame.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who fh ill give, or be obliged to

give such Notice as a fore said, is and ate hereby required, at or within twenty Da\s after t-u* Expiration*

of twelve Calendar Months after the 'Times of giving or bting obliged to give such first Notice, to give

a frclh Notice in Manner aforesaid, and pay down the respective annual Rates and Duties above men-

tioned, according to the Number of Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other Carriages, so by him, her, or

them respectively. then kept, and in the same Manner to renew such Notice, and make such Payment,

from Yenr to Year, as long as he, Ate, or they (had so keep any fuel) Cairnges; and if any Person on

Persons shall so keep any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage as aforesaid, without giving such

first or other Notice, and making such Payments yearly in Manner aforesaid, he, Ale, or they shall re-

spectively forfeit and lose the Sum of five Pounds for each Offence.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no such Person as aforesaid shall be compelled to

travel, for the making such Entry, or the Payment of the said Duties, or other Cause whatsoever, touch-

ing or concerning the fame, if he or Aie live in a Market Town, out of the said Town, or if he of (he

live out of a Market Town, then to no other Place than to the Market Town nearest to his or her

Habitation.

XL And be it further enacted. That, upon the Payment of the said several Rates and Duties, so

hereby granted, at the said Head Office of Stamps in London, or to the respective Officers in the Country,

a Licence shall be given to every Person so paying such respective Rates and Duties; which Licence shall

contain the Number of such Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other Carriages, so respectively entered^ the

Sum paid for the fame, and the Time for which such Licence Aiall be granted.

XII. And be it further enacted. That all Prosecutions for the Recovery of the Duties hereby granted,

as also for all Forfeitures and Offences made and committed against this Act, shall be heard and deter-

mined by any Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such. Forfeiture shall be made, or Of-

fence committed 5 and if the Party finds himself aggrieved by the Judgement of any such Justice, he

shall and may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter Seiiions, who are hereby authorised

and impowered to hear and determine the fame, and their J udgement therein shall be final: And every

such Justice is hereby authorised and strictly enjoined and requiicd, upon Complaint or Information ex-

hibited and brought of any Forfeiture incurred, or Offence committed contrary to this Act, to furomon

the Party accused, and upon his Appearance, or Refusal or Neglect to appear, to proceed to the Exa-

mination of the Matter of Fast; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary ConfeiTioiv

of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgement thereupon, and

vJ oosle “

