426

Couth may fuf-

pend the Ser-

jeant fur Milbs-

haviour.

Commissioneri

to hear md de»

terfrine uuon

Complaints

ati-iinil (bur of-

/ket.

Lift of the Com*

rmtfioners to fce

pi t up in the

Court.

Fight Commis*

fiontr* to re

furnmoned 10 at-

tend upon every

Coin l Day.

Comrrtffionfrs

not lumnirned

may a'tmd.

AH theCommif-

fionc-t' tu be

/’ummo’ir: to at-

tend Lvi.urMy

Meet ngs, for

chuJjn^ Ouicers,

arH Qa te.ly

iOjct’ p.

A l'uflic ent

Kunihei n t at*

ten’i/i, tr»e

Court o be ad

joirr.c d.

Moderf pro-

cti’ding tu Ue-

covety ot Debt*

of^»r ;« of a w

and under 40s.

C. 3. Anno vicesimo quarto Oeorgii III. Sd£ r.

more of them* again!! any such Appointment; but if n3 P •* f ' ^ fh ili be assigned, to the Satisfaction of

the said Commissioners, or any three or more of tium, then ih>*\ ffia.l and may, if they think proper, ap-

point such Deputy Clerk, without the Approbation or Content of the Clerk of the said Court for the

Time being.

VI. Anu be it further enacted, That if Complaint shall be made to the said Commissioners, or any three

or more of them, at any of the said Monthly Courts, of any Mifbctuviour or Neglect of Duty of the

Serjeant to the said Court, then the said Commissioners, or any three r moreef them, {hall and may, at

the lame or any subsequent Court, examine into such Complaint, upon the Oath of any credible Witness;

and may, if they shall think proper, suspend such Seijeaiu from his laid Office, and appoint a proper Per-

son (being an Inhabitant ol the said Town and Port) to execute the said Office, in the room of the Person

so suspended, until the next Quatterly Meeting of the said Commissioners, to be holden as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in cale Complaint shall be made to the said Commissioners, or any

ffifteen or more of them, at any of the Lid Quarterly Meetings, of any Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty

of their Clerk, Deputy Clerk, or Serjeant, that then the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of

them, shall and may, at such Meeting, examine into such Complaint, upon the Oath of any credible

•Witnefs (which Oath the fa;d Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered to ad-

minister), and shall, and are hereby authorized and impowered, if they shall think proper, to suspend or

remove any such Officer from his said Office, and appoint a proper Person in his Stead : Provided never-

theless, that no Complaint again!! any of the said Officers (except the Serjeant, who shall have been fuf-

pended by the Monthly Court as aforesaid) shall be heard at any Quarterly Meeting, unless fourteen Days

•Notice thereof at the lead, in Writing, signed by the Pei fun or Per Tons complaining, and speci tying the

Nature of the Complaint, {hall have been given to, or left at the usual Place of Abode of, the Person

complained again!!.

Vill. And be it further enacted, That the said Clerk or Deputy Clerk shall, and is hereby required to

make a true and fair Lift of all the Commissioners herein-bc-fore appointed, in the Order and Course in

which they shall be directed to be made out by the Commissioners prefenc at the first Meeting of the said

Court, and to affix such Lift upon some proper and conlpicuous Macc within the Lid Court, on the first;

Day of holding such Court, and the fame shall remain so affixed, until any new Commissioner or Com-

missioners {hall be appointed as aforesaid ; and that, from Time to Lime, on the first Court Day next

after any such new Commissioner or Commissioners shall be appointed, the said Cleik or Deputy Clerk

shall cause a true and fair Lift of the Commissioners for the Time being, in the Course and Order in which

they shall then stand, to be made and affixed in the said Court as aforesaid : And the said Clerk, or De-

puty Clerk, {hall cause a true and fair Entry or Register of all causes, Orders, Decrees, and Judge-

ments, and other Acts and P-roceedings of the said Court, and also of the Quarterly Meetings of the said

Commissioners, to be made in a Book to be provided and kept by the said Clerk for that Purpose; and any

Person shall, at all feasonable Times, have free Liberty to peruse and inspect such Book, and to have or

take Copies of the fame.

‘ IX. And whereas it would tend to the better and more easy Execution of this Act, if a certain Num-

* ber of the said Commissioners were to be furnmoned to attend the said Court upon every Court Day/ be

it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first Court shall have been holden, in pursuance of this Act,

eight of the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time be furnmoned to attend the said Court, upon

-every Court Day, in Manner following; (that is to say,) The said Clerk, or Deputy Clerk, shall, and

is hereby required, from Time to Time, to summon eight of the fairl Commissioners, beginning with the

eight first named, and so on in the Rotation and Couile in which their Names shall stand upon the Lift,

to be made as aforesaid ; which Summons shall be signed by the Clerk, or Deputy Clerk, and left at the

respective Houses of the eight Commissioners who, according to the Order or Rotation as shall be made on

fuih fiift Meeting as aforesaid, ought to attend at the next Court, by the Serjeant of the said Court, at

leaf! three Days previous to the Day of holding such Court: Provided always, That nothing herein con-

tained shall extend to exclude or debar any of the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution

from fitting and giving Judgement in the said Court, whenever they shall think fit to attend, although not

furnmoned according to the Order or Rotation before mentioned: Provided nevertheless, That the said

Clerk, or Deputy Clerk, shall, and is hereby required to summon, in Manner aforesaid, all the said Com-

missioners, to attend such of the said Monthly Couits at which any Officer of the said Court is to be

chosen, upon a Vacancy occasioned by Death, Resignation, or Removal of any such Officer as aforesaid,

ano also to attend the several Quarterly Meetings herein-before diredieu to be holden, at lead fix Days

previous to every such Court or Meeting; and in case it (hull happen, that, upon ary Court Day, or at

any of the said Quarterly Meetings, a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners shall not attend, that

then, and in every such Cafe, the Court or Meeting shall stand adjourned over to the next Day on which

the said Court or Meeting is to be holden, according to the Directions before mentioned and contained.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Persons whomsoever, who now have, or

hereafter shall have, any Debt or Debts, not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, and being upwards

of two Shillings, owing to them in their own Right, or as Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or

Tru(!ec<, by or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, residing, inhabiting, or keeping any Shop, Shed,

Stab, Stand, or fetk.ng a Livelihood, or trading or dealing, within the Limits of this Act, to apply to

the Clerk, nr Deputy Clerk, to the said Court, who shall make an Entry of the Cause in the Book to be

provided and kept for entering the Proceedings of the said Court, expressing the Names of the Parties, and

the Sum demanded ; and shall thereupon make out a Summons, under his Hand, direfled to such Debtor

or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded, and on what Account or Consideration the lame is due or de-^

m inded, and the Name or Names of the Party or Parties demanding the fame, thereby requiring such

Debtor or Debtors to appear before the Commissioners in the said Court, at the next or some subsequent

Court,

