AnrjA vioafiiuvr jiiluiU VjEORGH III* A. D< 1^8l«

46 C. 38,

Preamble,

Commissiortcts:

who are co&rtl-

t'Jted a Court of

JuIHlc,

Meetings.

Their Meeting

not ro interrupt

the Bufmelt of

the Justices,

Commilljoners

Powers.

Ctfting Vote.

•When ComrriP'

sioners die, or

refuse to act,

new ooes to be

^hefen.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and Liber-

ties of Beverley, in the County of 2'orh, and the several Parities of the fame Town.

4 FI E R E A S the Town of Braerley, from its Situation near the Centre of the East Riding of the

4 W County of York) and where all public Meetings on Business for the fame Riding are ufuaiiy held*

4 is a Place of great Trade and Business, not only from its large periodical Fairs, and weekly or other

4 Markets, but from the Navigation carried on there, in transporting the Produce of an exteniive In); nd

4 Country to other Markets: And whereas there are many ill-dispoied Persons who often contract Smu’i

4 Debts, and, although able, refute to pay the fame, presuming on the Discourage ments which Creditors

4 lie under, from the Expences they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays which they meet with, in

4 suing for such Debts in the County Court, which is upwards or thirty Miles distant from the said Town

4 and Liberties of Beverley, and the several Parishes of the fame : And whereas the providing of a more

4 easy and speedy Method for the Recovery of Small Debts will greatly tend to promote Industry, as well

4 as support and encourage useful Credit within the said Town and Liberties of Beverley, and the several

4 Patches of the fame May it therefore please your M-jelly that it may be enabled ; and be it enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and ConLnt of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament all-moled, and by the Authority of the same.

That the Mayor, Aldermen, Recorder, and Capital Burgcdes, of the Town of Beverley for the Time

being, Robert Appleton, John Arden, 'John Audas senior. Jobj Audit, llaac Broadiey, IFiliiam Brown,

George Broun, Thomas Booth, ALwmadnke Broun, Richard Butler, Samuel Bland, Robert Burton, Robert

But ten, John Courtney, John Craven, Francis Clubby, George Cade, Thomas Clark, the Reverend Francis

Drake D. D. Thomas Dunn, John Dlckinjon, Joj.fh Dick: on, Rhine as Ellis, Richard Fmpfon, the Reve-

rend George Ferriman, Richard Fox, John Ferny, Samuel Fen by, Michael Farthinp, Jtrerniah Fijhivub,

the Rev< r nd James Graves, Jof pb Goujon, John Godj.n, ll idiom Got wo od, Richard Hutton, ll idiom Hdl,

Robert Herdjmnn, John Hunter, the Reverend 'jerkfon, the Reverend J'hrjon,

Doctor John Johnfcn, Richard Judson, John Jack]on, Robert A.v /*v, Jv'n Airbus, Henry Regard, T\ni:

Lundy, H’dliam Lundy, J don Lee, IFiUtam La.bo^n, Tiornas AntcaJ0, Manuel Alarm, John Ah ns, Robert

Norris senior, Robert Norris, Stephen Oxtory, John Over end, me Reverend Rigb', Charles Ro-

binfon, Henry Charles Raqueneau, Joseph Smith, Ferdinand Stanhope, Doctor J. Samp/ >n, J/aac

Spencer, Ijaac Spencer, It alter StavcLy, Jyhn Stave by. Batty St err, ll ills am Stephen/on, I! arm fey Todd,

John Typer, John Ton?, Francis Taylor, Thomas I bids, John Hud, L. It hi taker, Richard //';/-

kinfon, Thomas Wrightfn, John ICiiijm, and William 1 Fardel I, and their Sucre llors, to be <-lcfted in

Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be, and are hereby appointed Commissioners to hear and decerminc

all such Mutters of Debras are herein-after mentioned ; and the said Commissioncis, anti their Suco lfors,

are hereby constituted a Court of Juts ice, by the Name ot I he Court of Reynejls for the T own and liberties

of Beverhv, anu the fvcral Patijhes of the fame Town ; and they the said Commissioners, or any three or

more of them, shall, and are hereby impowered and icquired to meet and hold the lu'd Court on every

fourth U ednr 1 Pay, or oftener, if there shall be Occasion, in the Town or Gmlj Mali or toe fa id Town,

or at any other convctrent Place within the said Town and Liberties, and Panlhes of the f.mie, to be

appointed by the major Part of such of the Commissioners as shall be assembled at any such Meeting ; and

that the first Meeting of the said Commissiofters shall be held on the HeJncJday Month next aLer the passing

of this Act.

II. Provided nevertheless That the Meetings in pursuance of this Act shall not impede or interrupt the

Business at any Time to be done by or before his Majesty’s Justices of Afiize, Just ice. of Over ami Ter-

miner, Justices of Gaol Delivery, or Justices of the Peace, ufuaPy done, htid, or kept, in the said Town

or Guild Hall; and that the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, from "Lime to Time af-

sembled at such Courts, shall, and are hereby authorised and fully impowered to hear and determine all

such causes as are hereafter mentioned, a ml to give hi h Judgments, and to make such Orders and De-

crees therein, and to award Execution thereupon, Mth Colls, ag.-infl the Hotly and Bodies, or against the

Goods, of all and every ihe Per ion and Pi* rib ns against whom th< v (ft;’!! give any such Juiigment, or make

any such Order or Decree, as to them shall fe^m just in I aw or l:q lity j and if the Conimitiiuners so af-

sembled shall happen to be eqwa’.Iy divided upon any (Judhon Mat may corre before them, the Mayor

of the Borough for the Time being, if prelcnr, or in Ins abtence the lenior Alderman prefenr, and if no

Alderman is prefenr, then the Commissioner present who ir.-nds frit in the Lift of G>moh limners, to be

hung up in the Court or Place where the Commissioners (hJi mee:, shall have another and the calling

Vote.

* III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'That from Time to Time, on the Death,

or Refusal to act, of any of the Commissioners herein btDrc particularly named, or of any of their Suc-

ceflors to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, it fhidl be lawful for the Mayor and Aldermen of

the said Town of Beverley for the Trme being, or the major Parc of thmi when ailembled together, and

they are hereby required to assemble together within the bpace ot one iVLnth next alter such Deceare or

Refusal to act flbalJ happen or be known, eras (oon after as conveniently may be, and to elect and ap-

point one Commissioner in the Stead of such Commissioner so dying or refuting to act ; and every such

Commissioner so elect d shall be, and is hereby enabled to act in the Execution of the Powers hereby

framed to the Commissioners aforesaid, as fully and effectually, to all Intent* and Purposes, as if he had

ecu particularly named herein as a Commissioner.

4 IV. And,

