h

V

K

a

i

si

of'

d

k

J.

ik

'it

fltf

UDl«

clut

Ci«

5

;fcl i

{S' ;

inf

‘

ia l

i

vt

«*:

r: I

¥"

U"

A.D. 1782, Anno vicesimo fecundo Gtoften III. C. 83,

Rates for their several Parities and Townships, in respect of their Poor, on a Medium of three Years pre*

ceding such Agreement; and that such Proportion shall be ascertained by . and

whom we have nominated for that Purpose, and shall be paid by the Guardians of the Poor of the said re-

S" eftive Parishes and Towriflrips, to the Person Who (Hall be authorised to receive the same, within fevert

ays after the fame shall be so ascertained 1 and that the Money earned by the Labour of such Poor shall

be brought to the Credit of that Account at the End of every Year: That the Expences of Victuals, Beer,

*nd Firing, for the Poor and the Governor [and for the A infants, when arty shall be found necessarf) in

every such Houseor Houses, with all other small incidental Etpences, shall be proportioned, at the End of

every Month, according to the Number of Poof which Audi be lent from each of the said respect ive Parishes,

Townships, and Places, and for the Time they shall have resided there within such Month: That the

Guardians of the Poor of any of the said r*rifthes# Town ships, or Places, shall be at Liberty to with-

draw from this Agreement at the End of the first three Years, or any succeeding three Years, on giving

twelve Months Notice of such their Intention, if h(hall be so determined by three fourth Parts of the

Owners or Occupiers* of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, assessed to the Poor's Rates, and qualified

as aforesaid, at a Publick Meeting, furamoned by due Notice as aforesaid, specifying the Occasion of such

Meeting; and in such Cafe, they shall receive one Half of their due Proportion, to be ascertained by the

Persons above named, or such other Persons as the Parties shall agree upon for that Purpose, of the Value

of the Furniture, Stock, Uteofils, and Implements, then remaining at such Pbor Botife, after paying their

Proportion of the Rent, and of the Salaries to the Governor and other Officers, to the End of the then

growing Year: And that the Guardians of the Poor of each Parish, Township, and Place, (half provide

iuitable and Cortvenient Cloathing for the Poor, to be sent to the faW Hotofe or Houses* from their respec-

tive Parishes, Townships, or Places, and charge the Expences thereof in their Accounts. And we recom-

mend to the Justices or the Limit where such House is to be situated, A. JJ., C. D.$ and E. F.9 as Persons

daly qualified foe the Office of Vifitbr of the said Poor House, and L if., In A/., and N. 0.f as Persons

duly qualified for the Office of Governor of the said Poor House.

We, A. B. and C. D. the Justices of Peace mentioned in the within-written

Agreement, do hereby give our Approbation to the Parishes and Places

.herein named being united for the Purposes of (he Act within-mentioned.

Witness our Hands, this Day Of

N° V.

FORM of ENTRY to be made by the Clerk of tU Peace or Town Clerk.

BE it remembered. That on the Day of • A- S. deposited in My Hand,

a Copy of the Agreement made between the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes or

Townships of and [as the Cafe shall be] in the County, etcetera, [as the

Cafe shall be] of for uniting in hiring, purehafing, or building Houses, at or near

in the said County, etcetera, and providing for the Maintenance and Employment of a

certain Description of poor Persons belonging to the said Parishes, Townships, and Places, pursuant to the

Statute made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third*

N* VI.

FORM of a NOTICE for the Meeting-

N OTIG E h hereby given. That a PubKck Meeting* to consult the Owners or Occupiers of Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, assessed after the Rate of five Pounds per Annum, about hiring, purebafing,

or building [as the Cafe shall be] a House or Houses, and providing for the Maintenance and Employment of

the Poor, puifuantto the Statute of the twenty-second Year of George the Third, will be held at

the Day of at in the Forenoon.

N° VII.

FORM of APPOINTMENT of a Guardian.

WE A. B. and C. D. two of his Majesty’s Justices of Peace for the County of ailing,

for the Hundred, etcetera, of in the said County, do hereby appoint E* F. of

to execute the Office of Guardian of the Poor for the Parish, etceteroy of within the said

Hundred, etcetera, for one Year, to be computed froin to which he has been recom-

mended at a Publick Meeting holden the Day of purfuarit to the D(left ions

of the Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty KjnfrGeorgt the Thirdy forth*

better Relief and Employment of the Poor*

Given under our Hands, this D*y of

[The like Form for Fijitor, only varying the Description of the and when appointed for united

etcccera, name

[The like Form for appointing

, he-ha* been recommended

a Governor and Treafwff, vdy Varying that a , by adding, to which

by the Guardians.] N, VI]J^

.VjV.

>0

