202

Sa!t Rode, Sec*

not to de deli-

vered for mak-

ing Mineral Al-

kali, 6cc. except

in the Pretence

of a proper Of*

Jicer.

Officer to wake

an Entry of the

Quantity of Salt

to delivered. Sec.

C. 39.

Anno vicesimo fecundo Geohoii III. A.D. 178*.

Who flull be

aofwerable for

any Deficiency

in the Quantity

of Salt brought

to any AikaJi

Work*.

Penalty on Pfr-

ior.s who fh^ll

make use of

fucR S«h fc r any

o’her lot pfe

after rraking

Mineral A.kali

or Flux for

CUft j

or who ftiill

lalfcly procure

inch Silt to be

delivered to

them for any

other Purpo'e

than making the

l»id Mineral

Alkali.

Officers may en-

ter into the

Warehouses, &c.

of the Manu-

fafturers of such

Mineral Alkali.

Penalty on

Re fusa 1,

This Act not to

enteud t*> certain

Guuler Salts j

iKr to the Ma-

nofafture of

Kr'p, See. mad*

in Great Britain

by the Inc in-rat,on of Plants,

and renewing the fame yearly, in Manner aforesaid, he, (he, or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the

Sum of five hundred Pounds for each Offence.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Salt Rock or Rock

Salt, as aforesaid, shall be delivered at any of the Works or Pits, from which the fame shall arise or be

produced, for the Purpose or under any Pretext of making Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass therefrom. Or

shall be afterwards delivered at such Woikor Works, for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali or Flux

for Glass, or stored or deposited in any Warehouse, Store, or Place, belonging thereto, or used therewith,

but in the Presence of some Officer of Suit Duties attending at, or residing nearest to such Salt Works or

Pits, or Alkali Work or Woiks respectively, as aforesaid ; and who shall respectively make and keep an Entry

in Writing, containing the true or real Weight or Quantity of the Salt io delivered at such Salt Woiks or

Pits, and brought in or delivered to or at such Alkali Works as aforesaid, together with the Day on which

the fame shall be so delivered at such Salt Works or Pits, and brought into, or delivered at such Alkali

Work or Works respectively, as aforesaid ; and which Entry, so to be made at such Salt Works or Pits as

aforesaid, shall a! so contain the Name of the Per fun to whom the Salt therein contained was delivered, and

for the Use of what Work or Works for the making of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, and to whom

belonging; and that a Duplicate thereof, signed by the Officer making the same, shall be produced and de-

livered to the Officer attending at such Alkali Work or Works, at the Time the Salt therein contained

shall be brought in to be theie used, stored, or depolued. ,

IV. 'And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Salt so to be brought in to be

used, stored, or deposited, at any such Work or Works, for the making of such Mineral Alkali or Flux

for Glass, shall be of less Weight or Quantity than that contained in the Entry thereof at such Salt Work

or Salt Pits, at the Time of the Delivery thereof there as aforesaid, the Person or Persons to whose Use or

on whose Account the Paid Salt was so delivered, at such Salt Woiks or Pits as aforesaid, shall beanswerable

for the fame.

V. And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in case any Person or Persons, to whom

or on whose Use or Account any such Salt shall be delivered at any such Salt Works or Pits (ecured as

aforesaid, shall use the fame, or any Part thereof, or any acid Materials to be produced therefrom, after

being used in the making of such Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass as aforesaid, for any other Purpose than

that of making Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, the Person or Persons to offending in the Picoiifcs

shall, upon Conviction thereof, forfeit or pay, for the Salt or acid Materials so to be used for any other

Purpose as aforesaid, at or after the Rate of double the Rates or Duties imposed by this present Act, or

any former Act or Acts of Parliament, on Rock Salt or Salt Rock delivered at or from any Woiks or

Pits in Great Britain.

VI. And be it further enided by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons whomso-

ever shall, under any false or colourable Pretext whatsoever, procure any such Salt to be delivered to him

or them, at any such Salt Works or Pits as aforesaid, and otherwise than for the Purpose of being used in

the making of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, and shall be convicted thereof, the Person or Persons so

offending in the Premiles shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, of law-

ful Money of Great Britain, for every Bushel so obtained.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That k shall and may be lawful for the

several Officers of the fa id Salt Duties to enter into all and every the Woiks, Warehouses, and other

Places made use of by any Proprietor or Manufacturer of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, made from

Rock Sait, Salt Rock, Brine, or Sea Water, as aforesaid, either for the Purpose of storing or keeping the

fame, or of storing or keeping any Salt, Brine, or Sea Water, for the Purpose or under Colour of making

the fame ; and that if any such Proprietor or Manufacturer that, from and after the said twenty-second

Day of June^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, upon due Request or Demand made by the

Offi ers for the said Duties, in the Day-time, or in the Night, in the Presence of a Constable, or other

lawful Officer of the Peace, refuse to permit such Officer to enter and come into any such Works, Ware-

houses, Storchouses, and other Places, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty

Pounds.

VIII. Provided always, 3nd be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to lay or impose any Duty on such Glauber Salts as shall be made

or produced in any of the Processes of making Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, as aforesaid, and which

Glauber Salts shall be truly and bond fide expended and consumed in making such Mineral Alkali or Flux

for Glass.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act llyll extend, or be

construed to extend, to the Manufacture of Kelp, Barilla, or Flux for Glass, made in any Port of Great

Britain, by the Incineration of Marine or any other Plants.

New Put fS to

he paid into ;he

Exchequer fepa-

r.i<e from all

o'lie/ Duties,

and emeted ac-

cordingly.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies arising by the said several ad-

ditional Rates and Duties, herein-before by this Act granted, shall from Time to Time be paid into the

Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer by the respective Commissioners for the Duties on Sait in England and

Scotland for the Time being, at such Times, and in such Manner, as the present Duties on Salt by any

Paw now in Forte direelcJ to be paid (the necessary Charges of railing, collecting, and accounting for

the fame, being deduded), for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned, distinct and apart from all

other Monies which such Commissioners respectively shall receive for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of

Exchequer a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the aforesaid Rates and Duties, and

paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from the other

Monies

^

