I

)

r

i

h

m

Of

\-

c:

:t;

at

m

it;

tit

k

tn

cc:

PciCt

•e-

;! d

,3C '

ik-p

rtf*

t.x^

V,

.IT--

lilt-

r ,

tt '

?t

t'l

.r-

ib

determined by

*,*

o*;

•to1

&*;

its*

V1*'

i*.

A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. v, 83. 271

his Deputy or Assistant, shall apply to some neighbouring Magistrate to do the fame: And every Person to

be nominated or appointed Visitor or Deputy Visitor as aforesaid, as an Inducement to his undertaking and

executing that Office, shall be freed and discharged from serving the Office of Constable, and all parochial

Offices, and also from serving upon Juries at the Assizes or Quarter Sessions, so long as heffiall continue

in that Office; and a Certificate under the Hand of a Justice of the Peace acting for the Limit wherein he

executes such Office, in the Form contained in the said Schedule, N* X, shall be admitted as Evidence of

his serving the Office.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if two-thirds, in Number and Value as aforesaid, of the Owners Single Pinfte#

or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within any Angle Parish, Township, or Place, may have a Vi-

which shall adopt the Provisions of this Act in Manner aforesaid, shall desire to have a Visitor appointed, fitor appointed*

and shall nominate and recommend to the Justices of the Limit three Persons properly qualified for that

Office, the Justices, upon Application to them in Manner aforesaid, {hall appoint one of the Persons so

recommended, in the Manner herein-before directed concerning Parishes, Townships, and Places so united

as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Guardians of the several Parishes and Townships united for A Treasurer t®*

thePurposes of this Act, shall recommend to the Justices one of their own Body to be Treasurer of the be appointed.

Poor House; and it shall and may be lawful for two Justices of the Limit to appoint the Guardian so re-

commended, or any other of the Guardians whom they shall think, better qualified, to that Office, in the

Form contained in the said Schedule, N° VII, or to that or the like Effect ; which Treasurer shall give HiiDury.

sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of the Justices, to the other Guardians, and their Successors, for his

duly accounting for the Money which {ball come to his Hands; and shall keep the Accounts, receive the

Money to be contributed by each Parish and Township, and pay or discharge the several Bills and Expencea

which {hall be allowed and ordered to be paid by the Guardians, at their Monthly Meeting; and shall lay

his Accounis before the Guardians, at every such Meeting, for their Perusal and Approbation ; and shall,

once in every Year, within fourteen Days before the Michaelmai Quirter Sessions of the Peace for the

County, Riding, Division, City, or Place, where such Poor House lnall be ficuate, make out, or cause to

be made out, a just and fair Account of the Expences attending the fame, distinguishing them under the

several Heads herein specified ; and also an Account of the Number of poor Persons, distinguishing their

Age and Sex, which {hall be contained in every such House at the Time of making such Account, and

how they have been employed, and how much Money hath been earned by the Labour of the Poor in the

Year preceding; which shall be laid before the Visitor, and signified under his Hand, if he approves the

fame, and shall afterwards be transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace, or Town Clerk, of such County,

Riding, Division, City, or Place, before or at the Time of the said Quarter Sessions, and be by him laid

before the Court there for their Inspedion : And every such Treasurer shall be allowed, for his Trouble in

executing that Office, such annual Sum, not exceeding ten Pounds, as the Visitor, if not a Guardian, shall

think fit; and if no such Visitor, as two Justices of the Peace for the Limit shall appoint.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That when and as often as any Vacancy shall happen in any of the Vaeindei occa-

Offices aforesaid, by Death, Resignation, or Removal, Meetings shall be called, and Recommendations fioned by Death

offered to the Justices in Manner aforesaid * and they shall proceed, so soon as conveniently may be, iathe of Officers, Ac.

Manner before directed, to appoint a ii; and proper Successor to the Person so dying, declining to ad, or so h.°]\t0 *rup-r

removed as aforesaid. plled#

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Offices of Guardian, Governor, Visitor, or At whitTimr

Treasurer, to which any Person ffiali be appointed under the Aurhoiity of this Act, shall determine in tbeOfficeaof

Easter Week next after the respective Persons shall be appointed thereto, on the Day upon which the pub- Guardian, Go-

lick Meeting for such Patiffi, Township, or Place, shall be held there; when the Persons, who, according

to this Act, are qualified and have a Right to recommend another Person to the Justices, to be appointed to c

such Office, shall either agree with the Persons who held the fame to continue in such Office, or shall pro-

ceed to recommend others, in the Manner herein-before directed, as if such Person had died.

XV* And be it further enacted. That if within any such Limit as aforesaid, wherein any Poor Justicei in a dif.

House {hall be fuuate, there {hall happen to be no acting Justice, or only one acting Justice of the Peace, tercnl

or if the Justice or Justices of the Peace who usually act in that Limit {hall be abtenc, or by any Means cafe” CW"’

incapacitated to act, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of any other Limit to act in all

such Cafes.

XVI. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, within Justices may »p.

their respective Limits, to appoint Special or Pi ivy Sessions for executing the several Poweis and Purposes point Special

of this Act, causing proper Notices to be given of the Time and Place of holding the fame, to the several Se^on* forexe^-

Justices of the Peace, Peace Officers, and Guardians of the Poor, within such respective Limits ; and also p”w"f 1

to adjourn any such Privy Sessions, to be again holden at such Time and Place as they shall judge most Ad*,

proper for discharging the Business requiied by this Act, and such other Business which may happen to fall

under their Cognizance, so as to occasion the least Trouble to themselves, and to afford the greatest

Convenience and Accommodation to the Publick, causing the like Notices to be given of every such»

Adjournment.

XVII. And be it further enacted. That the Guardians of the Poor of the several Parishes, Townships, Guardians fluff

and Places, which shall adopt the Provisions of this Act, shall provide a suitable and convenient House or Pfwi(le House*,.

Houses, with proper Buildings and Accommodations thereto, when wanted, either by erecting new ones

on Land to be purchased or tented by them for that Purpose, altering old ones, or hiring Buildings for the '* c*

Purpose; and shall fit up and dispose the fame, with the Advice and Approbation of the visitor, if any, in

such Manner as shall be mod conducive to the general Purposes of this Act, at the Expence of such Parish

or Township, or Parishes, Townships, and Places respectively, in the Proportions herein-after mentioned;

and

