THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORG 11 III. Vicesimo Secundo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at IV'eJiminster, the thirty-first Day of October, Anno Domini

one thousand seven hundred and eighty, in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign

Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France^itid Ireland,

4 King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

4 And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twenty-seventh Day of November, one

4 thousand seven hundred and eighty-one; being the second Session of the fifteenth Parliament of Great

4 Britain.*

CAP. I.

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majestjr,

intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged wiiht or fufpttted of the

Crime of High Treason, committed in any of his Majesty9 s Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High

Seas, or the Crime of Piracy. [Further continued to "January i,

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by aTand Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty*two. 4s.

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty*two.

CAP. IV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and theit

Quarters.

CAP. V.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. VI.

An Act for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom complete, during the Time therein

mentioned.

WHEREAS it is highly expedient for the public Service, that the several Regiments and

Corps of Militia should be made and kept as complete as possible during the Courle of the

ensuing Campaign: And whereas the Time of ballotting for many Regiments andj Corps, or Parts of

Regiments and Corps, will happen between the Months of March and December next ensuing, whereby

such Regiments and Corps will, during that Period, be very much weakened and rendered unfit for Ser-

vice: And whereas the Provisions in two Acts of Parliament, one made in the eighteenth Year of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual the Laws relating to the turfing and

training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England ; and to establish certain Regulations

with respeSi to Officers serving in the Corps of Fencible Men directed to be raised in that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland, and certain other Corps therein mentioned; and the other made in the nineteenth Year of

his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in

Vol, XIV. Part II. X 4 being

Ol

Preamble.

it Geo,

Cap. 59.

III.

19 Geo. HI.

>tme

