295

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III,

C. 78.

M'nnf*Clunn

of Flax and

Co'to.i, and

A1 <keis of Oil

»n \ Places of

Anode *utn the

ColJeltori cf Fx-

'ciieand CuAomi.

Penalty on Of-

fice's takin F

land, our of the Money in their Hands arising from the Duties on Brinftone and Saltpetre: Provided al-

ways, That the Maker of such OiJ of Viriol shall produce a Certificate, fresh the CoJLdor or Comp-

troller of the Customs where such Brimstone and Saltpetre was iiitpoued, of the fame having paid the

Duties charged thereon.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar no Manufacturer of

Flax or Cotton shall claim or receive any Benefit fiom this Act, unkff h-; shall have enteud his Name

and Place of Abode with the Collector of Excite of the Col eel inn or District wherein <uch iManufac-

turer shall carry on his Manufacture, at lead one Year before m«kng his Claim, andfh.il, in such En*ry, ot vuncl, ocn-

specify the Articles upon which a Drawback is to be claimed; and chat no M^ker of Oil of Vitriol shall ter thrir Nann

claim the Benefit of this Act, unless he shall have entered his Name and i lice of Ah >de with the Col-

lector of the Customs of the Port or District within which his YV<rk shall be carried on, at least one

Year before his making his Claim, and shall, in such Entry, specify the Articles upon which a Drawback

is to be claimed,

VI. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That no Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatsoever, flinlj be

required, demanded, or tak'.n, from any of the said Manufacturers, r their Overffers or chief YVo k-

men, for making any of the Payments of the said All wanct-s or Drawback' for S pe and Starch con- of M-nufaetu-

fumed in the said Manufactures, or Drawbacks on Brimstone and Saltpetre, or ror making or taking any ^writ^ ^cii

of the said Oaths, or granting any Ceitificare relating »hrreto, except six Pence for Writing every such ^ah

Oath or Certificate; upon Pain that* any of the said Officers offending therein (bail, for every such Of-

fence, pay Treble Damages to the Party aggrieved, besides Coifs of Suit, to be iecuvered in such Manner

as any other Penalties heicin-after mentioned.

VII. And, for the better preventing Frauds and Abuse« in obtaining the Allowance* and Payments

€ herein-before mentioned,1 it is hereby further enacted, That if any Manufacturer of Flax or Cotron,

or his or her chief YVorkrnan or Overseer, or superin ending Manager, or any Maker of Oil of Vitricl,

shall, in the Oath or Oaths herein-before diretfted to he taken, (wear any Ma'ter or Tning that shall be

false and dntrue, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, h:s H; i r s or Succdlors, such Per.on or Per suns

offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit anJ lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be

recovered, to wit, one third Part thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Suecefiors, and the

other two third Parts thereof, wirh Cuffs of Suit, to the Use of the Informer or Prose* u*or; and if such

Person or Pt'rfons shall again offend in the like Kind, and be thereof duly convicted in any Court of

Record at IP’cJhninster, or in any of the Courts of Scotland, every 1u» h Person fha'l, lor every fubllquent

Offence, fufter such and the like Pains and Pumfhments as in Cafes of wiifu) and corrupt Perjury.

VIII. And be it further enacted, Th.it if any Manufacturer of Fiax or Cotton, or his o, her chief M^ou-

Workman 01 Overseer employed in keeping the Book, in wnieh are required to be entered the wvek'y [^urcr» nr h:#

Consumption of Sope and Starch respectively, fi.all swear any Matter or Thing that find) he f Ifi* and

untrue, with an Intent to defraud his Majesfv, his Heirs and Successors, and be thereof duly convict d

in any of the Courts aforesaid, such Manufacturer, chief VYrorkman, or Overffer, shall, for the fi'ft

Offence, be committed to the Common Ga d of the Coumy, City, or Place, where the Offender (lull

be convicted, therein to remain for any Tune not exceeding fix Month*; and for every (ubfequ^nt

Offence, fhaJ suffer such and the like Pains and Punishments as in Cafes of wilful and coirupt

Perjury.

and for a Second OA'erec, fufTcr as in Cafes of coirupt Perjury*

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue to be in Force Continuance

for and during the full Term of two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of oftblsA^*

Parliament.

Manufacturers

(w~4T /I5» Mftdy

tn the Ujfhs be-

fire rren'ionrtd,

to fojfcit jcoi.j

and frr a Se-

cond (sfY nee,

Ai »ll luiVcr as

in Cales of

C'^rruDC P-rjury*

W 'fk ran keep-

ing thr Account

ot h' weekly

Conlumpfion of

Sope, Sec Awll

Iwrar fYlely, be

Aw 1 te com-

tn\ ted for 6

Months;

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying

certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand (even hundred and eighty-

three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

\ X7E your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have chcarfu'lv granted to your Ma-

4 jesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and gnnt to your Majesty the Sum herein*

4 after mentioned; and do therefore moil humbly befeecn your Majesty that it may be enacted. See.9

44 2,200,000l. granted out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the current Year; Treifury

44 iropowe'ed to raise the Sum of 2,200,0:0/. or any Parr thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on

44 the Credit of the Sinking Fund. Ail Persons who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this Act to

44 have a Tally of Loan, with Orders for Repayment of the Money, with Intend. Orders to he re-

44 gifteied in Course. No undue Preference to be given in Payment. No Fee to be taken, on Forfeiture

44 of Treble Damages, with full Colts. Penalty of undue Preference in Point of Registry or Ptymem.

44 Auditor, iffc. neglecting his Duty, liable f r Damages, to be recoveied at IVcjtnunfler. No un-

44 due Preference in the registering, where Orders are brought the same Day; nor if fuhliqucnr Orders

44 are paid before others not brought in Courie, so as Money be reserved for the preceding Orders Or-

44 ders may be assign-d. If it shall be judged more advilcab'e, the Treasury may raise rh° said Sum by

44 Exchequer Bills i *stead of Loans; and the Bills in such Cafe to be made in the Manner prcfcribH by

44 the Land Tax Ad of this Session. All Advantages and Penalties in the Land Tax Act of this Sciiion,

44 relating to Loans or Exchequer Bills thereby authoiifed to be made forth, extended to this Act. The

44 said

VJ

