A.D. 1782. Anno vice/Imo secundo Georgii III. C. 49. 215.

and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall

inform or sue for the same, in any of his Majesty’s Courts at H'ejhninfler, for Offences committed in

England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed; or in his Majesty’s Court of Sessions, or Court of Exchequer,

in Scotland, for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Im-

parlance, shall be allowed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties herein-before granted shall

be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver-general, for the Time being, of the Duties

on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the Duties,

and pay the fame (the necelLry Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the fame, being deducted)

into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Duties now charged on

stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid: And in the Office of the Auditor of the

said Receipt, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the

said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other

Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the

said Money, so to be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a Fund for the Payment

of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences, as are directed to be paid and payable

pursuant to an A cl of this present Session of Parliament,[intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money

By ivay of Annuities, and for establiftdtig a Lottery.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall,

at any Time or Times, be sued, moleffed, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or exe-

cuted in purfinnee of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, such Person or

Persons, and Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall or may plead the General Issue, and give the special Mat-

ter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if, upon the Trial, a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant

or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then tuch Defendant or Defendants

shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them agdnft such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

and Half to the

Informer.

Duties to b« paid

to the Receiver*

general, and by

him paid into

the Exchequer*

Application

thereof.

Persons feed for

execut rg this

Act, n ay plead

ihf Ge/ltrfdl

HTue, and itccver

Treble G-fll.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of this Sefllort of Parliament, with respect to prevent-

ing the Importation and Running of Tea into this Kingdom, in armed Vessels having Let-

ters of Marque, or other Commissions from the Admiralty.

€ XT THEREAS by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to extend so Preamble.

W much of two Acts, of the tzventieth and twenty first Tears of his present Majesty s Re ign, as relate to Rec tal of Cap.

‘ the Sale of and ascertaining the Duties upon, Raft India Goods, to Tea, and all other Goods of the Growth, Session^*'"

Product, or Manufacture of China, or any Country within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, c 0

4 which have been, or fall, during the present Hojliiities, be brought into this Kingdom, and condtmncd as Prize ;

for equalizing the Duties upon, and regulating the Importation of Foreign Snujf into this Kingdom; and for

4 preventing the Importation arid Running of Foreign Spirituous Liquors, Tea, aul ether prohibited Goods, into

4 this Kingdom, in Vessels fitted cut, a id armed as Privateers; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That

4 if any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, which shall be commissioned by Letters of Marque, or general Rep’izfts*

4 or otherwise, by his Majesty’s Com mi 1T1 one is for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great fl/7-

4 tain, shall be found at Sea, in any Part of this Kingdom, at any Distance from the Coafts thereof, having

4 on Board, amongst other Goods, in the said Act mentioned, iny Tea, not exceeding the Quantity of fix

4 Pounds Weight, then not only all such Goods, but also the Ship or Veil'd on Board which they (hill be

4 found as aforesaid, with all her Guns Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited

and loft: And whereas it w.is intended that the said Forfeitures in 'he said Act should extend to such Sh'ps

4 or VciTels as should be found as iforesaid having any Tea exceeding the Quantity of fix Pound> Weight

4 on Beard thereon; but the Words not exceeding are by Mistake inferred in the said Act, instead of the Word

4 exceeding ;* Mav it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by rhe* King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituil and Tempjral, and

Commons, in this present Parliament affemhlcd, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Act a Mlfl.keio

shall extend, and be construed to extend, to any such Ships or VciTels only, which shall be found as afore- the ttcucd Act

said having any lea exceeding the Quantity of six Pounds Weight on Board thereon; and such Tea, and

also the Ship or Vcffft on Board which the fame shall be found as aforesaid, with all her Guns, Fu mture,

Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized, prosecuted, recovered,

?jrd disposed of, as directed by the said recited Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Pu poles, as

if the said Word not had been omitted to be inserted therein ^ any Thing in the said recited Act contained

io the contrary notwithstanding.

