i68

further conti-

nueJ until June

I, 1785

20 Geo. Ill,

Cap. 59 inr-

po aen:ig his

M jjc/ty to pro-

hibit the fc*.

por ati« n, Jcc of

Copper in Bjrior

Shteri, further

continued until

May i, 1783.

So much of 16

Geo. 111. Cap.

37>

*s relates to il-

lowing the E*-

p >r ation of

Wheat, Arc. to

hik Majesty’l

Sujar Colonies

in America,

further conti-

nue.! until May

1,1783.

Preamble,

Act ifiGeo.iH.

teciied.

Power* of the

Act have been

carried into

Execution, and -

Proprietors hive

expended futlher

Monies.

C. 14. ‘ Anno vicesimo secundo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1782.

present Majesty, was further continued until the first Day of June, o ie thousand seven hundred and eighty-

two ; {hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the tiilt Day ot June, one thousand i'even hun-

dred and eighty-three.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authoi i:y aforeftm), That an Act, made in the twentieth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to imp owe r his Majesty to prohibit the Expo* tation, and to

refrain the carrying coaJhui/e9 of Copper in Bars, or Copper in Sheets, /ora matted dime, wm. n was to con-

tinue in Force until the fir it Day ol AJay, one thousand seven hundicd and t*»ghf y-ooc; and whion, determined by an

Act made in the twenty-nrft Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, wis <ui r.cr continued urnil the hilt

Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two; shall be, and the tame is hereby further con-

tinued until the first Day of May, one thousand leven hundred and eighty-three.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an A made in the Six-

teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain

Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his A lajejly s Sugar Colonies in Ameru a, and to the Island of Saint

Helena, and to the ether Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England 'trading to the

East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labra*. or; and for

indemnifying all Persons with respeti to advifvig or carrying into Execution his Ahjrjiys Orders of Council already

made for aliening the exportation of Wheat, and other Articles, as relates to allowing the Exportation of cer-

tain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty’s Sugjr Colonies in America, wmch was to

continue in Force until the fi:ft Day of January, one thousand leven hundred and seventy-seven; and

which, by several Acts, made in the kventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, and twenty fir it

Years of the Rtign of his present Majesty, was continued until the first Day of May, one thousand seven

hundred and eighty-two ; shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the first: Day of Aiay9

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or

near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the StalVordshire and Wor-

ceftershire Canal at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford ; and also two collateral Cuts

therein mentioned*

* \X7HEREAS, by an Act of Parliament, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

* VV j^fty, intituled, An Aid for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of

4 Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Stafford (hi re and Wore eitershire Canal, at or near

4 Stourton, in the County of Stafford; and also two collateral Cuts, one ft cm a Place called The Kens, upon

4 Penfnet Chace, to communicate with the intended Canal near the Junction of Worth flay Brook with the River

4 Stour ; and the other from a Place called Black Delph, upon the )aid Chace, to join the fir/} mentioned collateral

4 Cut at or near certain Lands, called The Lays, in the Parish of Kingfwinford, in the said County of Stafford ;

4 certain Persons therein mentioned and described, and their several and respective Succtftbrs, Executors,

4 Adm-nistrators, and Assigns, were incorporated by the Name of The Company of Proprietors cj' the Stour-

4 bridge Navigation5 and the said Company, their Succtflora and Assigns, were thereby authorized and

4 impowered to make such navigable Canal and collateral Cuts as aforesaid ; and to raise and contribute

4 amongst themselves, in Manner in the said Act directed, the Sum of thirty thousand Pounds for carrying

4 on the said Undertaking : And whereas the said Company have, in purfuanre of the Lid Act, completed

4 the said Canal and collateral Cut9, and the fame are now rendered navigable, and have expended the

4 Whole of the said Sum of thirty thousand Pounds, which the said Company were enabled to raise by the

1 said recited Act, in the Progrrls of the said Undertaking; and the Erne being fuund inefficient to cvm-

c plete the said Navigation, the Committee of the said Company, in pu fuance of a Rest Jin*ion or Older of

4 the General Assembly of the said Company, made on the sixth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred

4 and seventy-eight, have borrowed and taken up at Infereft, for the Uie of the said Company, the Sum

4 o( five thousand Pounds, and for which the ftiid Committee, in their indivi iual Capacity, have g v. n their

4 Bonds: And whereas the Proprietors of Shares in the said Navigation did, by an Instrument in Writing

4 under their Hands, bearing Date the fourth Day of January, one thousand leven hundred and seventy-

4 nine, mutually agree to raise amongst themselves the further Sum of three thousand l-YuncL, to answer

4 the Purp.Tes of the said Undertaking, and that the fame ihoultl be repaid to the Person* advancing the

4 fame, with Interest, out of the Profits of the said Navigation, which said Sum of three tlvuifuid Pounds

4 hath been accordingly raised and paid; and by a subsequent Agreement, bearing Date the fmtenth Day

4 of Avguj], one thousand seven hundred and eighty, the major Part ot 'he Proprietors cid agree to ad-

4 vance and pay the further Sum of five Pounds per Centum on their respective Shafts in ti c laid Navigation,

4 for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, and that Application should be made to Parliament, to enable

4 the ft id Company to raise the ft.i.l Money then agreed to be advanced, as well as the Monies advanced

4 under the said Agreement of the fourth Day of January, one thousand fev^n bund ed and Itven y- nine,

4 as also the Monies borrowed on the Bonds of the saki Committee: And whereas, in pursuance of thela'd

4 last-mentioned Agreement, the further Sum of one thousand thice hundred and thirty Pounds hath b*?en

4 advanced and paid by the major Part of the Proprietors of the Lid Navigation : And whereas the Whole.

4 of the said Monies so raised as aforesaid hath been applied in completing the said Navigation, and the

4 Lid

