C. 20.

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio G

RnH'fiTI

ITT

who shall hereafter arrive in th;s Kingdom, who shall have accepted of any Trust or Trusts, and shall con-

ceal or pro'eit any Estate, rea' or personal, of him the said John Whitehill Esquire, and shall not (before

the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eigbey-four, with relpedl to such Persons now be-

ing in this Kingdom, and within six Calendar Months next after their Arrival in this Kingdom, with re-

spe£t to such Per ions as are now out of the fame) truly discover or dilclofe such Trust and Elta.e, in Writ-

ing, to the said Lord Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them for the Time being shall forfeit

Treble the Value of the Estate, real or personal, <b concealed, one Moiery thereof to his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, and the ocher Moiety thereof to him, her, or them, who shall fuc for the lame; to

be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Piainf, or Information, wherein no ElFoin, Protection, or Wager

of Law, shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance (in which Cafes, Costs shall be allowed to the

Plaintiff, as in other Cafes), and shall suffer Imprisonment for one whole Year, without Bail or Main-

p] ize.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person who shall, before the said

lirft Day of January, one thousand feveh hundred and eighey-four, voluntarily come before the said Lord

Chief Baron and Barons, or any two or more of them, and make a true Discovery upon Oath, of any Part

of the Estates, real or perfi.nal, of him the said John Whit eh ill Esquire, which shall have been concealed,

and not inserted or discovered ny any Particular or Inventory delivered in by the said John Whitehill Esquire,

as is above directed, or on his Examination, shall be allowed, after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum,

according to the Value of such Estate or Effe£b so discovered, being in any Part beyond the Seas, and after

the Rate often Pounds per Centum, according to the Value of such Estate and EffedL so discovered, remain-

ing within the Kingdom; to be paid and allowed to such Person or Persons out of the nett Proceeds of such

Estate or Effefls which shall be recovered on such Discovery.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Court of Directors of the United

Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall fend, or cause to be sent, one or more

Copy or Copies, duly authenticated, of the.Particulars or Inventories herein-beforedirected to be delivered

on Oath to the Lord Chief Baron or Barons of his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Westminster for the

Time being, to the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal, and to the Mayor's Court at Fort Saint George^

and Bombay, respectively; which said Copy or Copies the Judges of the Courts aforesaid are hereby respec-

tively required to enter of Record within Eight Days after the Receipt thereof: And that if any Person or

Persons mall, within the Space of one Year after such Copy or Copies shall have been entered of Record,

make a true Discovery on Oath, in Writing, to the Chier J u ft ice, or the Mayor, or to one other of the

Justices, or two or more of the Aldermen of any of the Courts abovemenuoned, of any Part of the Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, or personal Estate whatsoever, of the said John

Whitehill Esquire, which shall have been wilfully concealed, and not inserted in such Copy or Copies, or

not disclosed on any Examinations oi the said John Whitehill Esquire, had in pursuance of this Act, then

and in such Cafe such Person or Persons so discovering, shall be allowed,after the Rate of twenty Pounds^;*

Centum, according to the Value of such Estate or Effects so discovered, to be p^id and allowed out of the nett

Proceeds of such Estate or EffVdls which shall be recovered on such Discovery; and that it shall and may be

lawful for the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and the Governor and Council of Fort Saint George

and Bombay, respetftively, to sue for and recover the Estate and Effedb so discovered, in the Name of the

said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

4 XIII. And, for the more effectual Disc' very of such Part of the Etfate and Effects of the said John White*

4 /;///Esquire, which may now be in the Eqfl Indies,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every

Person or Persons resident in India, who shall have accepted any Trustor Trusts, and shall conceal or pro-

tect any Estate real or personal, of or for him the said John Whitehill Esquire, and shall not, within fix Ca-

lendar Months after the Copy or Copies of the Particulars and Inventories herein-before mentioned shall

have been entered of Record, as is herein above directed, truly discover or disclose such Trust or Estate, in

Writing, to the said Chief Justice, or one of the Justices of the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal, or

to the Mayor, or two or more of the Aldermen of the Mayor’s Court at Fort Saint George and Bombay, re-

spectively, for the Time being, shall forfeit Treble the Value of the Estate, real or personal, so concealed ;

one Moiety thereof to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eoft Indies, and the

other Moiety thereof to him, her, or them, who shall sue for the same; to be recovered by fu^h A£lion,

Bill, or other Proceeding, as is competent in such Courts respectively, for the Recovery of Debts dufc and

owing; in which Cafes, Costs shall be allowed to the Plaintiff; and in case the Offender be a British Sub-

ject, shall suffer Imprisonment, at the Discretion of the respective Courts above mentioned, not exceeding

one whole Year, without Bail or Mainprize.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Lands, Tenements, and He-

reditaments, Goods, Charteis, Monies, and other personal Estate, of what Kind or Nature soever, of him

the said John Whitehill Esquire, which shall be forfeited and recovered by virtue of this A&, (hJi be paid

and answered into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for the future Disposition of Par-

liament, and subj<& to such Allowance to Discovereis as aforesaid i any Thing herein-before contained to

the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this A& shall be deemed and taken to be

aPublickAct; and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whom-

soever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XX.

An Act for building a New Shire hall and Guildhall for the County of Salop, and the Town of Sbrav/iuryp

in the said County 3 and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

3*3

Penalty on Per-

(ons who ili.il

conceal any

Estate belonging

to John White-

hiii Etquiic,

Allowance to be

made to Person J

making LMco-

veries of any

Estate or Effca»~

concealed.

East Inttfa Com*

pany to fend ail

authenticated

Copy of the Par-

ficuLrs delivered

into the Court of

Exchequer, to

the Supreme

Court of Judi-

cature in Ben-*

gal, Arc.

Allowance to

Pei i ons making.

Discovety of

concealed

Estates qr Este^a

in India,

Penalty on Per-

fons in India

who ftiali feCrete

any Estate. real

or personal, after

a limited Time.

Forfeited E ft ates^

&c. to be paid

into the Ex-

chequer*

Publick Alt.

C A Ft

