420

thtr Time for

the Payment of

their Dr-bts due

to the fublick.

Preamble.

Recital of

4 Geo. 111.

Cap. 24.

Fart of the reci-

led Act repealed

from the E0a«

bJi/hment of a

General Post-

office by the In Hi

Parliament,

Not to deprive

the Poftnrufitr-

general of the

Postage to and

from Ireland,

Certain addition-

al Ritea allowed

to the Poftmaf-

ter-general, to

be accounted for

to the Pod-office

in Ireland.

A temporary Al-

lowance to be

made to the Post.

office in Ireland,

C. 4—6, . Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III; Self. 1,

forty-four thanCand (even, lyjuadred forty-three Pounds seventeea Shilling and TwO'ptncc, which

became due for Customs at the teveral Times in the said Act mentioned, and of the said Sum of one hun-

dred thousand Pounds, which became due on the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and

eighty one, and to allow Time for Payment of such Sums as shall become due for Customs before the

tenth Day of Decemher*one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or any Part or Parts of the said several

Sums respectively, unto such Time or Times as they (half think fit, not beyond the first Day of May* one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and if the said United Company do and shall pay the said Sums

respectively at such Time or Times to which the said Payments, or any Part thereof respectively, shall be

po/tponed as aforesaid, the fame shall be accepted and received in like Manner as if the said Sums respec-

tively had been paid on or before the several and respective Days on which the faklSwms became due(; and

the said United Company, upon such Payment at such portponed Time or Times, shall be freed and dis-

charged from all Damages, Interest, and Lottes, which they became liable to by Means of no4 having

made the said Payments respectively at the several Times on which the fame became due, and shall be

intitled unto, and have the fame Discounts, Allowances, and Advantages, as if the said Sums respectively

had been paid on or before the several and respective Days on which they became due ; any Thing in any

Act or Acts of Parliament in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. IV.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be ralfed in Great Britain, for the Service

of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four. 4 s.

CAP. V.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Borrow/lownnefs Navigable Cut or Canal, morq

effectually to complete and maintain the fame.

CAP. VI.

An Act: for establiftiing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of

Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland.

4 fT 7 HERE AS by an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign T>f his preTent Majesty, intituled,

4 VV An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and

4 Packets free from the Duty of Pflage, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That no Letters or Packets

4 sent by the Post, to or from any Place whatsoever, shall be exempted from paying the Duty of Postage,

\ except such Letters and Packets as are therein excepted: And whereas a Post-office in the Kingdom of

4 Ireland is intended to be establiftted, independent of that of Great Britain, in which Cafe it will be

4 necessary that proper Regulations be made for carrying on the Correspondence by Post, between Great

4 Britain and Ireland, and that no Letters or Packets (except in the Cafes herein-after to be mentioned)

4 should pass free of Postage from the one Kingdom to the otherFor which Purpose, may it please your

Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, immediately from and after the Establishment of a

General Poftroffice in Irelaeid, by the Authority of the Parliament of that Kingdom, so much.of the said

Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to Letters.and Packets, printed*

Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, patting by the Post free from the Duty of

Postage, from Great Britain to Ireland* and from Ireland to Great Britain, shall be, and the fame is hereby

repealed.

4 II. And whereas the Conveyance of Letters and Packets from Great Britain to Ireland* and from,

4 Ireland to Great Britain, is intended to be defrayed at the Ex pence of the Revenue of Great Bri»

4 tain? be it therefore further enacted. That nothing herein contained shall deprive, or be con-

ftrued to deprive, the Postmaster-general for the Time being, and his Deputies, of the Postage and

Conveyance of Letters and Packets from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain,

or prevent the said Postmaster-general, and his Deputies, from demanding, having, receiving, and taking,

for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates by any Act or Act* of Parliament pay-

able for the fame.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for his Majesty’s Postmaster-general, and his Deputies, and he and they are hereby required to de-

mand and receive, for the Port and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets for Great Britain, car-

ried by the Post within any Part of Ireland, in Addition to the Rates of Postage hereby reserved,

such further Rates of Postage as shall, upon the Establishment of a Post-office in Ireland, be charged

for Conveyance of Letters and Packets therein, by any Act or Acts to be hereafter made by

the Parliament of that Kingdom; and that his Majesty’s Postmaster-general shall, and he is hereby

authorised and required to account for and pay to the Revenue of the Post-office of Ireland, Quar-

terly, such Postage so to accrue within the Kingdom of Ireland, and to be received within that of Great

Britain.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, until the General Post-office of Ireland

shall have established Packet Boats for the Port and Conveyance of Letters and Packets from Ireland to*

Great Britain* there shall be allowed in Account, from the General Letter-office or Port-office in Greet

Britain, to the Revenue of the Post-office in Ireland\ a Sum not exceeding four thousand Pounds per An-*

