176

be it turned, tl*

though they

neglect to deli-

ver in such Ac-

count at before

directed.

Personi (wearing

fail’dy, to be

deemed guilty of

Perjury.

Publick A a.

Preamble.

Ad 3 Geo, I,

recited.

’ Deedr and Will*

of Pjpifts, Ac.

made hnce Srpr.

2 9» I7t7, to be

good in Law, if

inrolled before

t. 1, 1782*

C. 23 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782,

thereof, or the Importer of any such Coals, Culm, or Cinders, on his own Account, shall not give in such

Account as aforesaid, within the Time herein-before limited for that Purpose, and shall at any l ime after-

wards deliver such Account to the said Water Bailiff, and verify the Truth thereof upon Oath, as herein-

before directed} or in case any such Burgess or Freeman, by reason of his residing at a Distance from the

said Borough, or of Infirmity, or otherwise, cannot conveniently atten 1 at the said Office to verify the

Truth of the said Account, as aforesaid, and shall verify the fame by Affidavit, to be made and subscribed

by him before any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein he shall rtftde, and shall transmit

such Account and Affidavit to the said Water Bailiff; that then, and in either of the said Cafes, the said

Water Bailiff shall, and is hereby requiied forthwith to return and pay hack to such Burgess or Freeman,

or to such Person as he shall, by Wriling under his Hand, appo’nt to receive the same, the whole Amount

of the Duties and Sums of Money which shall have been paid by the Snipmatter to the said Water Bailiff

for or in respect of the Right or Interest of such Burgess or Freeman in any such Ship or Vessel, or of the

Coals, Culm, or Cinders, imported on his own Account, as aforesaid ; . provided an Account of the Ship

or Vtflil in which such Coals, Culm, or Cinders, shall be imported, shall have been given in by the Ship-

master, and verified on Oath, as herein-before directed j any Thing in this A<Sl contained to the contray

hereof notwithstanding. '

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person, who

shall deliver to the fa id Water Bailiff such Account as herein-before directed, shall knowingly and wilfully

deliver in a false Account, and shall make Oath to the Truth thereof before the said Water Bailiff’, or any

Justice of the Peace, as aforesaid, and shall be convicted of such O ire nee, every such Pei Ion shall be deemed

guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

VI. And be it further enacted oy the Authority aforesaid, Tl.it this Act fhaM be adjudged, deemed, and

taken to be a Public Act ; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other

Persons, without specially pleading the same,

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papills, and

for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

4 TT J HEREAS by a Clause in an Act of Parliament, p. ff d in the third Year of the Reign of hii

4 W late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, passed in the iajl Session

4 of Parliament, intituled, 44 An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and real E/fates \ and for tn~

44 larging the Time for such reqiflering ; and for feewing Pur chafes rj:adc by Pr etc//ants it was envied,

c That, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September* in the Year ot our Turd one thousand (even

4 hundred and seventeen, no Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or any Inter, ft therein, or Kent

4 or Profit thereout, should pals, alter, or change, from any Papist, or Person profciling the Popish Rdi-

4 gion, by any Deed or Will, except such Deed, within six Months after the Date, and inch Wi.l, within

4 six Months after the Death of the Tcftatir, should be enrolled in one of the King’s Courts of Record at

4 ll'ejlmin/lcr, or else within the same County or Counties wherein the Manors. Lands, and Tenements

4 lie, in such Manner as therein, for that Pu^pose, is paitieul rlv directed : And whereas by several Acts of

4 Parliament, made in the tenth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, and in the tnird, sixth, ninth, eleventh,

4 twelfth, fixreenth, nineteenth, twenty-first, twenty-eigh.h, thirty-first, and thirty-thiid of his late Ma-

4 jesty King George the Second ; and the second, fourth, seventh, twelfth, fourteenth, seventeenth, and

4 eighteenth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, it was enacted, That every Deed and Will, made since

4 the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass, alter, or

4 change, any Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Interest therein, or any Rent or Profit

4 thereout, from any Pa p i ft, or Person professing the P pish Religion, to any Protestant or Pro cft ints, or

4 by reason of which Deed or Will any Protestant or Protestants may claim or derive any legal, eqiftaole,

4 or other Interest whatsoever, to his, her, or their LJfe, for his, her, or their Benefit, '*r to theUfeor

4 Benefit of any other Protestant or Protestants, though not inrolled, or not inrolled indue Time, (lull be

4 as good and effeiftual in Law as the fame w^uld have bee n in case the said Deeds and Wills had been in-

4 rolled within the Times limited by the said Clauses in the said Act, for the Inrollment thereof; provided

4 the said Deeds and Wills should be inrolled on or before the respective 'Times in the said several Acts for

4 that Purpose mentioned, in such Manner as by the said Clause in the frft mentioned Act is directed:

4 And whereas several Persons having or claiming, or being intitled to Jtftates or Interests in Manors,

4 Lands, and Hereditaments, under Deeds and Wills made hv Papists, or Persons profifting the Popifll

4 Religion, maybe in Danger of being defeated or impeached, in his, her, or their Claim or Claims,

4 'Title or T itles, to such Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, determined by reason that some Deeds or Wills

4 necessary to make out the Title have m*t been duly inrolled, according the Directions of the said Act :*

Be it cnaifted by the King’s most Lxcellent Majesty, by and with the Advi<e and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That every Deed and Will, nude since the twenty-nin1 H Day of September, one thousand seven

hundred and Seventeen, in order to pass, alter, or change, any M inors, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-

ments, or any Interest therein, or ary Rent or Profit thereout, from any Papist, or Person profiling the

Popish Religion, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, though not inroll d, or not inrolled in due 1 ime,

shall be as good and effectual in the Law as the fame would have been in case the said Deeds anJ Wills had

been inrolled within the Times limited, by the said Clauses in the said AfC, for the Inrollment thereof}

provided the fame Deeds and Wills shall be inrolled on or before the first Day of September) one ihou-

7

