A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III.

C. 82.

267

Bension, shall not be carried as a Debt to the Account of the Year following, but shall be wholly lapsed

and extinguished, as if the fame had not been payable.

4 XXXIV. And whereas it is intended that all Savings from Salaries and Fees of the Offices by this Act

‘ suppressed, should be applied in Aid of the Civil Lilt Expences, which are necessuy, and which, by the

Appropriation hereafter made, aie in some Measure (heightened, be it enacted, That all Fees hitherto

payable, and by this Act not excepted, on any Payments within the Civil List Revenues, do (till continue

to be paid, and remain for the Disposal of the Commissioners of the Treasury.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treaftry shallcaufea regular Book or Rooks

to be kept, for the Charges of each of the Clafils and Articles aforesaid, distmftly and apart; and it is

hereby diiefted, that the Result of Payment in the said several Books contained shall, in an orderly Man-

and according to the usual Method in which fair Accounts are kept, be entered in a separate Book at

Fees payable te

be dilpofsd of by

the Commission-

ers of the Trea-

fury.

Book* to be kept

frr the Chir.»r,

of each Clafa.

ner.

Powers granted

by thi« A<£> to the

ComTmflionrr*

of the Treasury,

shall be vrfled ia

the High Trea-

fu»er for the

Time being.

Recital of the

Civ I Lift Debt

on April 5,

1782.

the End of each Year, and the fame being oppoled to the Receipt of the Civil List Calb, a Balance shall be

struck upon the Whole.

4 XXXVI. And whereas, upon abolishing the several Offices suppressed by this A£1, sundry Persons, pr0v;flon to he

c who may have held their Offices by Patent for Life, or may have legally, or according'to the Course of made for p*rioo#

4 Office, purchased the fame for a valuable Consideration, and may fuller Hardship by the Suppression holding Patent

thereof: And whereas others, though not within the same Dcfoription, who have diligently and faith- Places, &c.

4 fully executed their several subordinate Offices for his Majesty's Service, and by such Suppression will be

reduced to distreisful or indigent Circumstances;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the

Commissioners of the T. cafury may, and they are hereby impowered, to allow to every Person severally

who holds his Office by Patent for Life, or who has purchased his Place in the Manner before mentioned,

an Annuity equal to the legal Emoluments of his said Office; and also to allow to other Persons in the

subordinate Offices aforesaid, upon Examination info the Circumstances and Behaviour of the said Person?,

such Annuities severally as the Commissioners of the Treasury shall think equitable and just, for the Sup-

port and Maintenance of such Person or Persons, until he or they shall be provided for in his Majesty’s Ser-

vice, according to his or their Abilities and Merit.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever is directed by this Act

to be done or traniafted by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, may be, and the fame is hereby

required and directed to be done and transacted-»by the High Treasurer for the Time being, or by such

Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them; and all Powers and

Authorities whatsoever, by this Act granted to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, are hereby

also declared to be vested in the High Treasurer for the Time being, and in such Commissioners of the

Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them.

4 XXXVlllr And whereas there was due and owing on the fifth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hun-

4 dred and eighty-two, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Expence of his Majesty's Civil Govern-

4 ment, the Sum of two hundred ninety five thousand eight hundred and seventeen Pounds, eighteen Shil-

€ lings, and Four-pence Farthing: And whereas it is expedient, and may facilitate the Introduction of a

4 proper Oeconomy in the future Management of the Civil List Revenues, that the said Sum of two hun-

4 dred nirety-five thousand eight hundred and seventeen Pounds, eighteen Shillings, and Four-pence Far-

4 thing, should be paid and di charged with all possible Speed, and that the Increase of Debts on his Ma-

4 jestyYs Civil Establishment should be prevented for the future: And whereas it hath been resolved, That

' 4 a Sum not exceeding three hundred thousand Pounds be raised for paying off and discharging the Debts

4 due and owing upon the Civil List on the said fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

4 two: Now, to the End that no Want or Failure may happen or be made in such Grant, and the AppJi-

4 cation of the fame, and for the better supplying the said Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds in the

4 most effectual Manner for the Purposes aforesaid ;* be it enacted by (he Authority aforesaid, That it shall

and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, by their Warrant or Warrants, to di-

rect or cause to be prepared and made at the Exchequer any Number of Exchequer Bills, in the fame

Manner, Form, or Order, and according to the fame or like Rules or Directions, as in and by an Act of

this present Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be

raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two)^ arc enacted

and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of the said Act, and to be made

forth for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think moil proper and convenient, so as all the Prin-

cipal Monies to be contained in the said Bills, to be made by virtue of this Act, do not exceed in the

Whole the said Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nil and every the Clauses, Provi-

des, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said Act

(intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the

Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty two)9 relating to the Exchequer Bills authorised to T w f bijt

be made by the fame Act (except such Clauses as do charge the fame on the Taxes granted by the same Session extended

Act, and except such Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent to those

on the Credit of the said Act), shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pur- pursuance of«b»*

fuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Exchequer Bills had Act.

been originally au horifed by the said last-mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had

been particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this present Act; and the Commissioners of the

Treasury are hereby authorised and impowered to cause the said Exchequer Bills, to be made out as afore-

said, to be placed as so much Cash in the Chests of the respective Tellers of the Receipt of the Exchequer,

and to direct the said Tellers to issue Money for the Purposes of this Act in lieu thereof.

XL. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 7’hat all-the Exchequer Bills which shall be made in The Aid Bills

pursuance of this Act, and all the Charges and Expences incident to or attending the fame, in any Manner to be charged o«

M m z whatsoever, !hc

Exchequer Bill*

to he made out

for Payment

thereof.

All the Provi-

foes, Sec. relative

to Exchequer

B :I!' in tnc Land

G<55g

