A.D. 1784. Airna vice fun o quarto Georgii lift

C. 3»

447

contain eighty Threads of such Worsted Yarn; and that each and every several Hank or Skain of such

Worsted Yarn as shall be reeled on a Seven Quarter or a Two Yard Reel, shall consist of or contain fix

Raps or Leas 5 and that each and every such Rap or Lea shall consist of or contain eighty Threads of

such Worsted Yarn.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Perform hired or Penalties on frlfe

employed ir> the combing of Wool, or in the spinning, reeling, winding, or weaving of Worsted Yarn, reding of w. r.

or in the preparing or working up any of the Materials used in the said Manufactures in the said County Yftcn*

of Suffolk, shall reel, or caule to be reeled, any Worsted Yarn contrary to the Directions herein before

specitied and laid down for the reeling such Yarn, or shall conceal, keep bick, embezzle, fell, or other-

wife dispose of any Wool or other Materials entrusted with him, her, or them to spin, or other Purposes,

and shall of all or any of such several Offences be lawfully eonvifted before any one or more Just ice or

Justices of the Peace of the said County* upon the Oath (or, if the Owner thereof be of the People

called ^takers, fclemn Affirmation) of the Owner of such Yarn or Wool, or upon the Oath or Affirm-

ation of the Inspector or Inspectors appointed as aforesaid, or of any one or more credible Witness or

WitndTes (which Oath or Affirmation such Justice or Justices is and ace hereby impowered 2nd required

to admin.fter), or by the Confession of the Person or Persons charged with all or any of such Offences,

such Per Ion or Persons shall, for each and every such Offence, be subject and liable to the fame Penalties

and Punishments as are severally inflicted by the said former Acts, so far as the said former Acts, or any

of them, are unrepealed; ail which Penalties shall be recovered and Puuiftnnents inflicted in the Manner

directed by the said Acts, or any of them; and which said Penalties shall publickly distributed by the

Gonstable of such Towmhip, Parish, or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, in

the Presence and under the Direction of the said Infpieftor or Inspectors, ainongst the Poor of such Town-

ship, Parish, or Place 1 all above mentioned.

XIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Prosecuton not

the subjecting any Profccutor or Prosecutors of any Offender or Offenders against this and the said former hibleto Charge*

Acts, to any Charges or Expences of conveying such Offender or Offenders to Prison; bat such Charges %^cnxo^i\(oa

and Expences {hall be paid and borne by the Constabte or other Officer conveying such Offender or (5f- en ers ° n°°*

fenders to Prison; and such Constable or other Officer shall be reimbursed and repaid such Charges

and Expances, in like Manner as he is reimbursed and repaid any other Charges or Expences of his

said Office.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, That no Part or Share of such Penalties or Forfeitures be given to such Pwvish.

Offender or Offenders, his, her, or their Family or Families.

XV. And be it further emfted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Agents, or Persons hired or Penalty on a«<

employed to put out Wool to be spun into Worsted Yarn, shall have in his, her, or their Custody or gcowrefufmp t®

Possession any Worsted Yarn, not reeled according to the Directions herein before specified and hid down

for the reeling thereof, and shall refuse, or not let forth and give in Evidence, before any of his Ma-

jesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County of Suffolk, being thereto required, what Person or Persons

was or were the Recler or Reelers of such false or short reeled Yarn, or who was or were hired or

employed to reel the fame, so that the Person or Persons who reeled, or caused to be reeled, such false or

short Yarn, may be lawfully eonvifted thereof in Manner aforesaid; he, she, or they so refusing, and

being thereof lawfully eonvifted upon the Oath, (or, if of the People called Quakers) solemn Affirm-

ation) of any Person or Persons, before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, as are herein before men-

tioned, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings for every Parcel of Yarn made up as and for a

Pound, so false or short reeled, which shall be found in his, her, or their Custody; all which Penalties

inflicted by this Act shall be recovered in the same Manner as the Penalties inftifted by the said former

Acts are directed to be recovered, and shall go, be paid, and applied by such Person or Persons, and in

such Manner and Form, to the Poor of the Township, as the Penalties herein before mentioned are*

directed to be paid and applied.

XVI, And forafmach as Doubts have arisen, whether the Goods and Chattels of a Husband, whose

c Wife shall offend against: the ffiid former Act?, are liable to Distress and Sale for raising the Penalties

c thereby created;’ be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the parting of this Act, all such

Penalties as shall be incurred by any married Woman or married Women, (nail and may be recovered,

levied, and raised by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Husband or Husbands of such

married Woman or married Women so offending against this Act, in the Manner directed by the said

former Acts, or any of them.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be so appointed an

Inspector of Worsted Yarn, shall happen to die, or (hffl be removed or displaced from his said Office, it

shall and may be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace of the said County of Suffolk) in Quarter

Sessions assembled, or in any Adjournment thereof, to license some other proper Person or Persons to be

*n Inspector or Inspectors of Worsted Yarn within the said County of Suffolk^ upon the like Recom-

mendation, and in such Manner as is herein before mentioned; which said Person or Persons shall be

inverted with all the Powers, and subject to the like Removal, and liable to the like Penalties for any

Breach or Negleftof Duty, as the Inspector or Inspectors, in whose Place or Places he or theyjhall be

appointed to succeed, was inverted with, or subject or liable to.

XVIIL And be it further enacted, That in case any Inspector or Inspectors so appointed as aforesaid,

shall at any Time or Times hereafter take or receive, from any Person or Persons offending against this

or the said former Acts, any Sum or Sums of Money, or any other Thing whatsoever, to fereen from

Justice, or otherwise to hinder or prevent such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid from being

eonvifted for such Offence or Offences, and being thereof eonvifted upon the Oath (or, ft of the People

called

discover Persons

guilty of false

reeling Yarn. -

Gco3? f>f Huf-

bands who e

Wives oftendt

liable to Unlitfj

and Sale*

Upcn.the rYrh,

&c. of Infpffc-

tors, others to

be appointed.

Puni/brrrent o?

Jnf,;cdli.T- sue^a-

in;* Ofion u*f 1

fnm J ntiO.

