344

Usual Allowance

on prompt Pay-

ment of Du:ies»

Stamps may be

altrrrd and re-

newed*

Any Person

counterfeiting

the Stamps or

tittering such

Counterfeits,

shallfufter Death

as a Felon,

Duties granted

by this Act to be

kvied, Sec. as

those under for-

mer Stamp-acts*

Application of

Penalties*

Duties to be

paid ro Receiver

Cenera) of

Sump-duties.

A separate Ac-

count thereof to

bt kept by the

Auditor o/ the

Exchequer*

Application of

.the Duties.

Perfom sued for

executing 'his

Ad, may pleid

tfe General

Niue, and shall

be entitled to

Treble Coils,

C. 49. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the fame Allowance shall be made on present Payment of the

several Duties granted by this Act, only in such Manner as by any former Law relating to damped Vellum,

Parchment, arid Paper, is directed and allowed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That such Stamps as the said Commissioners are hereby directed and

authorized to provide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed in such Manner as any other Stamps

on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are by any former Law relating to Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or

Paper, directed to be altered and renewed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counter-

feited or forged, any Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used by this Act, for the Purpose of denoting

the Duties by this Act granted, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of

the said Duties; or shall fraudulently use any Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used by this Act,

with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Dufies; or shall utter, vend,

fell, or expose to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to the said Duties, with any counterfeit

Mark or Impression thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeit; then every such Person so offending,

and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cafes of

Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXL And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Distributions of Pe-

nalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or A6fa

of Parliament, relating to the Stamp-duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, (hill be of full Force and

Effect with relation to the Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution, for the raif-

ing, levying, collecting, and securing the said new Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and

Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had severally and

respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new Duties hereby imposed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Pecuniary Penalties hereby impoied shall go and be paid, the

one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, wiih full Coflj

of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same, in any of his Majesty’s Courts at

Westminster, for Offences committed in England, Jf^ales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majesty’* Court

of Session, Court of Judiciary, or Court of Exchequer, in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or

Information, wherein noEffoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or mo. e than one Imparlance,

shall be allowed.

XXIII* And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties herein-before granted, shall be

paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on

Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and dilfinct Account of the several

Duties imposed by this Act, and pay such Duties (the necessary Charges of raffing, paying, and accounting

for the fame being dedufttd) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act

mentioned, at fur h Time, and in such Manner, as any former Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment,

and Paper, are directed to be paid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of

the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said several Du-

ties impoied by this Act, and paid into the said Receipt as aforeLid, shall be enteied, separate and apart

from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account what-

soever.

‘ XXV. And whereas the Rates and Duties upon Inland Bills of Exchange, PromiiTbry Notes, or other

Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand, were, together with certain other Duties, made a Fund for

Pa\ment of the Annuities eftaSlished by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act

1 for raising a certain Sum cf Money by way of Annuities, and for ejlaiiifiring a Lottery '; and it is therefore

necessary that Part of the Rates and Duties by this Act granted shall be* applied towards Payment of the

1 said Annuities, in lieu of the said Rates and Duties y be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the first; Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the yearly Sum

of fifty thousand Pounds, being the Sum which the said Rates and Duties were intended to raise, shall bere-

fervtd and set apart, at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, and that out of the Monies which shall be paid

into the Receipt of tht Exchequer, of the Duties hereby repealed, and out of the Duties granted by this

Act, a proportional Part of the Sum of twelve thousand five hundred Pounds ftnll, from the fi/ftDayof

August, One thousand seven hundred and eigh'y-three, to the tenth Day of October, one thousand seven

hundred and ftghry-thrce 5 and the Sum of twelve thousand five hundred Pounds, from and after the said

tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall be set apart and applied quarterly

to the same Uses and Purposes as the Duties hereby repealed were applicable; and that the Residue of the

Produce of the said Rates and Duties, (o paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a

Fund for the Payment of the several and respective Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences, as

are directed to be pud and payable. pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, (intituled,

An Act for riiifing a certain Sum of Money by ivay if Annuities, and for establifiring a Lottery.)

X A VI. And be it further enacted, T hat if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be fu?d,

moltIUd. or prefecuted, foi any Thing by him or them done or executed in purtuance of this Act, or of

any Clause, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, such J’erfon and Persons dial 1 and may plead the General

I flue, and give tne‘peciai Matter in Evidence, for his or their Defence; and if, upon the Trial, a Verdict

shall pais for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such

Defendant or Defendants (hill have Treble Costs awarded to him or them aeainst such Plaintiff or Plain-

tiffs,

CAP.

