Seff i.

438 C. 16—18. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.

Preamble#

T/u fleet.

FIrft Meeting of

Trustee*.

Lift of Plough-

gates to be made

up.

Copies to be sent

to the Clerk of

the Peace.

Heritor! and

l.iferenteis to

a/Tift in repair*

ing Highways,

Persons keeping

Carts, though

fiot OtC jpyiOg

CAP. XVI.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and

for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

44 Act 3 Geo. 1. recited. Deeds and Wills of Papists, &c. made since Sept. 29, 1717, to be good in Lawy

44 if in rolled before Sept, i, 1784. This Act not to extend to Deeds, iffc. the Validity whereof has been

44 brought in question before Jan. I, 1784. Purchases made by Protestants not to be avoided, on account

44 of the Title-deeds not having been inrolled, (ffc* This Act not to make good any Grant of the Right

44 of Presentation to any Benefice, £sV. in Trust for my Papist,”

cap. xvir.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for regulating, and rendering more effectual, the Exaftion of the Statute-work

within the Shire of Edinburgh; and for authorising the Trustees for putting in Execution

several Acts for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to borrow, upon

the Credit of the Tolls arising within the District: of Lafivade> a further Sum of Money,

ro be applied for Payment of certain Sums borrowed on the Personal Security of the said

Trustees; and for further repairing the Roads within the said District.

WHEREAS the Mode hitherto followed of exacting the Statute-work within the County of

4 W Edinburgh, has been found, from Experience, to be attended with many Inconveniences: For

4 Remedy whereof, and to the End that the Statute work within the said County may be for the future

4 properly exacted, the Conversions thereof levied and applied with more Certainty for the Purposes for

4 which they were intended, and these Inconveniences hitherto arising, as to the Mode of exacting the

4 said Statute-work, effectually removed in all Time comingMay it please your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame. That all and every Heritor who is at present, or shall be at any Time after the Com-

mencement of this Act, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoy-

ment as Proprietor or Liferenter of Lands lying in the said County of Edinburgh, valued in the Tax Roll

of the said County at one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, and ail and every the eldest Sons of such

Heritors for the Time being who shall be possessed of the Valuation aforesaid, shall be, and they are hereby

nominated and appointed Trustees for putting in Execution all and every the Powers, Matters and Things

committed to them by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Heritor?*

so possessed of the aforesaid Sum of one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent in his own Right, or in the

Right of his Wife, and all and every the eldest Sons of such Heritors for the Time being, or Persons pro-

perly authorised by them, to meet at their respective Parish Churches on the third Monday of June> one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, with Power of Adjournment; and such one or more of them, os

Persons properly authorised by them, as shall meet, are hereby authorised and impowered to make up an

exact Lift of the Number of Ploughgates in their respective Parishes; and that each Estate and Farm (bast

be held to contain as many Ploughgates as the arable and pasture Land might reasonably keep of Plough?,

if under Tillage: And it is hereby provided. That the Heritors, or Persons properly authorised by them,1

so convened, shall have Power to take such Proofs as to them shall seem necessary for ascertaining the Num-

ber of Ploughgates; and that Copies of the Lifts so made up, (lull be forthwith transmitted to the Clerk

of the Peace, and entered in the Books kept by him; and if any Person or Persons shall think themselves

aggrieved or lefed by the Lifts so made up, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them, to appeal to the next

General Quarter Sections, or any other General Quarter Sections which shall happen within the Space of

Six Months after making up such Lifts; and in case the Heritors of any Parish shall neglect to make up

their Lifts in Manner aforesaid, or to transmit the fame before the next Quarter Sections, the Justices of

Peace of the said County shall have Power to make up Lifts of the Number of Ploughgates, in the fame

Manner, and to the fame Effeft, as if they had been made up by the Heritors as Trustees aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Heritors and Liferenters, in the natural Pof-

section of their own Lands, and all Tenants occupying Lands, shall be obliged to assist at repairing the

Highways in the said County; and for that Purpose, when required by the Overseers in their respective

Parishes, to furnish, for the Number of Days ascertained by Law, two Carts, two able Servants, and

four able Horses, for each Plougbgare of Land pofttfted by them respectively, upon fourteen Days Warn-

ing being given them by the Overseer of the Parish for that Purpose: And it is hereby provided. That

Grass Grounds set separately, without Liberty of Tillage, shall be held in the natural Possession of the

Heritor?, who shall be obliged to pay the converted Value for the Ploughs they might keep ior such

Grounds.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons keeping Carls or Wain5,

and occupying no Land, or lei's than a Ploughgate of Land, shall be obliged in like Manner, up-in such

gening

