A.D. 1783.

Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii iii.

c. 50. 3+5

CARL.

An Adtfor the better Regulation of the Office of the Paymaster General of his Majesty’s

Forces, and the more regular Payment of the Army 5 and to repeal an Act made in the

last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Fay-

tnajler General of his Majestfs Forces.

4 TXT'HEREAS by an Act, passed in the twenty-second Year of his Majestyfs Reign, intituled, An Preamble.

4 XV Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of his Majestys Forces, several Pro- 21 Gf0;111 caP#

4 visions were made relative to the Payment and Clearing of the Army, which have been found inconve- *,»rccilcd>

4 nient;' be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament act’embled, and by the

Authority of the same. That the fttid Act be, and the fame is hereby repealed. »nd repealed.

4 II And whereas it appears, by the Reports made by the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, D r«*Oionito

and state the Pubiick Accounts of the Kingdom, that the Paymasters of the Forces have heretofore been the Pajnnfrer

4 accustomed to accumulate larg^* Sums of Pubiick Money in their Hands beyond what was necessary for J^icmoriaJs^o"

4 carrying on the Services in their Department, and to take and carry out of Office with them, upon their th^Tr^f^yVor

Resignation or Removal, large Balances of Pubiick Money, which they have retained and kept in their MoneyforArmy

4 Hands many Years after being out of Office: And whereas it is highly expedient that a Remedy should Services, &e.

4 be provided for these Inconveniencies :* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from

and after the passing of this Act, the Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Forces for the Time being, in all

Memorials to be by him presented to the Treasury, for Money for Army Services, shall pray, that such

Sum as he requires may be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on his Account,

specifying in every such Memorial the Sum he requires, and for what particular Service or Set vices; and the

Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury for the 7'ime being, by their Letter from Time to Time, shall di-

rtft the Auditor of the Exchequer toiffue to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Ac-

count of the Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Forces, naming such Paymaster General for the Time

being, the Sum for which such Letter shall be drawn upon the unsatisfied Order at the Exchequer, in Fa-

your of the said Paymaster General, for which, the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Paid Governor

and Company shall be a sufficient Discharge; and all Sums for which such Letters of the Commissioners of Such Monies to

his Majesty’s Treasury shall be drawn, shall be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng- '^ued to the

land, in like Manner as they have been heretofore issued to the Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Forces; ^ the Account*

and all such Monies so to be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England Qu\\ be placed to

an Account to be raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England, and to be General,

intituled, The Account of the Paymaster General of his Majesty s Forces, inferring the Name of such Paymaster

General for the Time being.

III. And be it enacted, That no Fees whatsoever shall be paid at the Exchequer or Treasury for or by On'y customary

reason of the Transaftions aforesaid, beyond the Amount of what hath been tifually paid upon Imprefts and Fees to br P*id

Accounts hitherto made, according to the former Custom of trunfafting Business between the Exchequer, *r*. M

Pay-office, and Bank severally.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the p.iffing of th’s Act, M neyfor Army

no Money for the Service of the Army shall be issued from his Majesty’s Exchequer to the Paymaster Gene- Sumer* issued

ral of his Majesty’s Forces, or shall be placed, ordirefted to be placed, in his Hands or Possession; but the lhet*xb"e

fame shall be issued, and directed to be paid, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and p^'^tVthe*

to be placed to the Account above mentioned. n nk

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Paymaster General of his Majesty’s »aymaft?r, or

Forces for the Time being, by himfftf, or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons in h's Office duly autho- ]’»* De>,l"y*

rifed by the said Paymaster General, from and after the passing of this Act, shall draw upon the Governor p4Jnk°or all

and Company of the Bank of England for all Army Services whatever, and shall specify in each and every ^ray Service*.

Draft the particular Service for which the fame is drawn: And no Draft of the said Paymaster, or his De-

puty, or the Pe/fonor Persons authorised as aforesaid, shall be deemed a sufficient Voucher to the said Go-

vernor and Company of the Bank of England, unless the fame specihes the Service for which it is drawn,

and has been actually paid by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies so to be issued to the Go- Bnnlt not to pay

vernor and Company of the Bank of England, on account of the Paymaster General of his Majesty’s f*M Money, ua-

Forces, shall not be paid out of the Bank, unless for the Army Services, and in pursuance of Drafts, or l_tts fnr ArmL

Cheque Paper, to be drawn on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and signed by the

Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Forces for the Time being, or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons au-

thorifed as aforesaid; in which Diafts shall be specified the Heads of Service to which the Sums therein

mentioned are to be applied; and which Drafts, so drawn, shall be sufficient Authority to the Bjnk to pay

such Money to the Persons mentioned in such Drafts, or to the Bearer of them.

VII. And, that the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury may have a frequent Knowledge of the P'rmaftrr, ?a

4 Balance of Cash in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the b,s M-.uo.

4 Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Forces, in order to enable them to judge of ihc Pr< pricty and Necessity. ^ ^hc Trca"

1 of further 1 flues, and to prevent the unneressary Accumulation of Pubiick Money in the Hands of the Go- in.

1 vernor and Company of the Bank of Englandbe it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and fa: the BiUnce

after the Pafling of this Act, in the first Memorial presented every Month, or oftener if required, to the of Public Mo.

Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, by the Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Forces for the Time De^in the Btnk>

' 7

S- r?ice«, an J j'q

p'.irftijdcp of

prupsr Drafts.

