3o6 ,

Prorifo.

Trustee to re*

ro*er the *holt

Fftate of the

Bankrupt, for

the Benefitof

his Creditors,

Majority of Cre-

ditors in Value

to determine re-

lative to the

Sale of heritable

Bftatos,

Not to bar the

Right of any

piefeiable heri-

table Creditor,

Creditors,

*hose Claims

are objrited to,

m>y jointly

bring an Action

to prove the

fame.

Trustee to ledge

the Money f.c

receives agree-

ably to the Ap-

pointmem of a

Ger eral Meet-

ing,

An Advertise-

ment to be pub-

lilhed by the

Trustee, requir-

ing the Creditors

to bring in ihcir

Claims,

Further Di-

rections to the

Trufiee.

C. 18. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgi III. A.D. 1785*

liable to account to the said Fa£ior or Trustee for the appraised Value of the Goods poinded, and shall make

Part of the Fund to be distributed among the Creditors.

XXV. Provided always. That all Arresters and Poinders who shall be deprived of the Benefit of their re-

speflive Diligences in Manner aforesaid, shall be intitled to demand or retain the Expence laid out by them

in prosecuting such Diligences.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustee, when appointed, shall forth-

with proceed to recover, in the speedieft and most effectual Manner, the whole Estate under his Manage-

ment or Power, whether at Home or in Foreign Parts, in order that the fame may be distributed among the

Creditors; and he shall be obliged to follow those Directions and Rules, with regard to the Recovery, Ma-

nagement, and Sale of the Efhte real and personal, which are laid down by a Majority of the Creditors in

Value, convened at the Meeting by which he was appointed, or any subsequent Meeting; and besides the

stated annual Meetings herein-after mentioned, the Trustee shall, if required at any Time by one-fourth of

the Creditors in Value who have produced and proved their Claims, be obliged to call a General Meeting ;

or he himself may on any Emetgency call such Meeting, sufficient previous Intimation of every occasional

Meeting, and the Purpose of calling it, being always given, by Advertisemenc in the two Edinburgh

Newspapers before mentioned, Three Weeks at least before the Meeting.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Part of the fequenrated

Estate confiftsof Land, or other heritable Subje£ts, it shall be optional to a Majority of Creditors in Value

to determine, either at the Meetingappointing the Trustee, or at any of the subsequent stated Meetings,

or other Meeting called for the Purpose, whether the Trustee is to bring the said heritable Estate to judicial

Sale before the Court of Session, or to dispose thereof by voluntary publick Sale; and if the latter Mode is

adopted, the Sale made, after such Advenifcment, and at such upset Price as shall bi fixed by a Majority of

Creditors in Value at any such Meeting, shall he valid and effectual, with and under the Burden of all

Debts and Claims heritably secured upon the Estate, in so far as the fame arc preferable to the Dilpofuion

or Decree vesting the said Estate in the Trustee, and the Purchafgr shall have no Concern with the Applica-

tion of the Price; and if a Majority of Cieditors in Value determine for a judicial Sale and Ranking, the

Trustee shall be obliged forthwith to proceed in the fame, and shall he intitled to carry it on, as to a Part

of the Estate, without including the Whole, and without any other Proof of Bankruptcy than the A& of

Sequestration; and it shall be enough to call the Bankrupt himself, and his real Creditors in Poffr/Tion,

upon a Citation of fifteen Days, whether they are within the Kingdom or nor, and the edical Citations

shall be difoenfed with.

XXVIII. Provided always. That nothing in thj,s A& contained shall bar the Right which any preferable

heritable Creditor may have by the Law, as it stands at present, to bring his Debtor’s Estate to a judicial

Sale at his own Instance, unless such Sale has been previously brought attheinstance of the Trustee.

XXIX. And be it enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, T hat in every such Process of Ranking anJ Sale,

the Creditors producing their Grounds or Claims of Debt, shall be intitled to prove and constitute the

fame, if objected to, without bringing separate Actions for that Purpose; but provided always, that the

Court shall only allow a reasonable Time for so doing; and the Creditors shall be intitled to d»aw their

Shares of the Price, in virtue of the Dispofjtion and Adjudication before mentioned, without the Necessity

of any other Adjudication; and no other Adjudication shall be competent after the Date of the Sequdha-

tion.

XXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustee shall he obli^d to lodge all Mor

ncy he receives in such Bank, or with such Banking Company, as a Majority ot Creditors in Value at any

General Meeting shall appoint; and, failing such Appointment, in the Royal Bank or Bank of Scotland^

and at such Interest as can be procured for the fame; and never to retain in his own Hands above the Sum

of fifty Pounds Sterling for the Space often Days, otherwise to be liable to the Creditors for seven and one

hal{per Cent, per Annum on whatever exceeds the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling, in Name of Interest and

Damages.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustee shall, within ten Days after his

Appoinrment is confirmed by the Court of Section, cause publish an Advertisement in each of the two Edin-

burgh Newspapers before mentioned, requiring all the Creditors to lodge with hioi their Claims, and

Vouchers or Grounds of Debt, with their Oaths for proving the fame, as directed by this Act, wiihin

nine Calendar Months after the Date of the Interlocutor awarding the Sequestration; spee fying the Day

when the said nine Months expire, and certifying those Creditors who shall neglect to comply with this

Requisition, that they shall not be intitled to any Share in the first Distribution of the Debtor’s Estate.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustee shall, within one Ca-

lendar Month after the Termination of the said nine Calendar Months, mirke up a State of the Bankrupt’s

EftV&s that have been converted into Money, and a State of t>he Debts which have been proved, and lodged

with him in Manner hef< re required, calculating Interest upon each up to the Date of the Sequtftrati*>i\,

with a Scheme or Cast dividing the free Produce of the Money so recovered among the several Creoirors in

these Debts acccrding to their due Order of Ranking; which Starts and Scheme, together with a general

State of the Bankrupt’s Affairs brought down to that Period, (hill lie open, for the lnfnedion of the Cre-

ditors or their Agents, in the Trustee’s Hands for two Months longer, when a stated General Meeting of

th<" Credi ors shall be held at the Place of the Trustee’s Residence, exactly at the Distance of a Year after the

Sequestration, being the same Day twelve Months, or the next lawful Day the> caber, to give such Orders

as nnv appear nectflary for the future Management, and to receive their first Dividend*; and the Trustee

ftull give Notice thereof two Months before by Advertisement in the said two Edinburgh Newspapers; and

in case any of the Debts claimed upon shall be objected to, in Whole or in Part, or their Place in the

Ranking oi'puted, or any other Objection shall be made to the Scheme, as made by the Trustee, a Share

of the said Fund, corrcfp3nding to the utmost Amount of the Sums or Dividends to which the disputed Ar-

ticles

