A.D. 1781. Anno vtcefimo primo Geor Gil III.

C. 47}

6|

XVI, And be it further enacted, That the said Chancellor, Matters, and Scholars may, and they have xinlmfity to

hereby Power to deduct such an Allowance for the Trouble of collecting from the several Colleges and * re8foB*

Halls as to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall appear reafostable, at the Time for the E^pcncc

of receiving the Money, on account of the University. of collecting.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That neither the public Market of the said City of E«mpnon*

Oxford, established by virtue of the said Act, nor any Meadow, Pasture, or Arable Land, nor any Ground from the Rate*,

which shall exceed Half an Acre, and be used as a Garden for Sale of the Produce thereof, nor any Per- '

son or Persons who h or are not charged upon, or on account of Poverty excused paying to the Poors

Rates, shall be charged or be liable to pay any, or any Part of any Rate or Assessment made by virtue of'

this Act-

XVIII And be it further enacted, That the Whole of the Money so to be received, assessed, and col-' Application of

lested, or recovered, shall be applied to the several and respective Purposes for which they are granted. Money arising

by (he Rates,

If Colleges. Sec,

advance three or

four Year* pav-

ing Rates, to

new paveStreet*,

the fame shall

be allowed aa

paid in future

Rates.

Incapacitated

Persons im-

powered to fell

and convey.

It Partic* ne-

gle& to treat,

dec. Damages to

be afeeruined

by a Jury.

and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever, except as herein-after is excepted.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That in case any of the said Colleges or Halls, or the

Owners or Proprietors of any Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-

ments, in the said University, City, and Suburbs thereof, and the said Parish of Saint Clement, shall chuse

to advance and pay, or cause to be advanced and paid, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the

Amount of three or four Years paving Rates on their respective Colleges, Halls, Houses, Buildings,

Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in order the more expeditiously to new pave

the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the said University, City, and Suburbs

thereof, and Parish of Saint Clement, the fame shall be allowed as paid in the future Rates made for new

paving.

4 aX. And whereas, in case the Street or Passage, in the said City of Oxford, called The Turl, which

c is at present very narrow, was made sufficient to admit Carriages to pass commodiously, a very conve-

4 nient Communication would be made between the Streets called Broad Street and the High Street,

4 within the said City,’ be it therefore further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, The Turl to be

or any fifteen or more of them, to treat and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of, and all other Per- widened,

fons interested in, the Houses and other Buildings and Ground, both on the East and Weft Sides of the

said Street or Passage called The Turl, for the fame, or so much thereof as may be necessary for the Purpose

aforesaid, and to purchase and become seised and possessed thereof, and to pay for the fame out of any*

Money that shall come to their Hands for such Purpose, either by Subscription, or public or private Do-

nation or licquest; and that it shall be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate,

Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Persons whomsoever under any Disability, and Persons acting for

others, to contract for, fell, convey, surrender, or assign to the said Comtnifiioners, or any fifteen or

more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, inTruft for them, all or any such Build-

ings, Houses, and Ground, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any Estate or fnterest therein \ and that all

such Sales, Conveyances, Surrenders, and Alignments, shall be good and valid in the Law, to all Intents

and Purposes : And that if any such Bodies, Corporations, or other Persons, upon Notice to them re-

spectively given, or left in Writing at the Place of Abode of the Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer

or Officers of such Bodies or Corporations respectively, or at the House or Houses of the Tenant or Te-

nants in Post'eflion, shall, by the Space of one Calendar Month next afrer such Notice, given or left as

aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be

prevented from treating, then, and in every such Cafe, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or

any fifteen or more of them, to cause the Subject Matter to be inquired into, and all Differences to be

adjusted, settled, and determined, and proper Recompences and Damages ascertained by a Jury, in such

Manner, and under the same Rules and Orders, as are in the said former Act prescribed for settling Re-

comprnce and Damage, on account of widening any of the Streets or Places therein mentioned.

XXI. And be it further enacted. That when and as soon as full Satisfaction shall be made, by any of

the Means aforesaid, to all Persons interested in such Houses, Buildings, and Ground, it shall be lawful

far the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, and they are hereby impowered to cause the

Houses and Buildings to be taken down, and the Ground, or so much thereof as they shall think proper,

to be laid into the said Street or Passage, and dispose of the Overplus Ground (if any) and the Materials,

in such Manner as they shall think proper, and apply the Money arising therefrom towards widening the

said Street or Passage.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of Time limited

them, shall not, within three Calendar Months after every Judgment, Decree, or Determination of any for paying Pur-

Jury, pay, or cause to be paid, all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be awarded for the Purchase of, chafi Money*

or for Recompence or Damage to be sustained by the Owners, Occupiers, and Persons interested in the

Premises, then the Judgment, Decree, or Determination as aforesaid, and all Deeds, Contrafts, Agree-

ments, or Proceedings to be had, made, or done, in consequence thereof, shall be utterly void and of no

Effect ; any Thing in the said former Act, or in this Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided also, That if, after Notice shall have been given of the Intention of calling a Jury for P*>viso with re.

any the Purposes aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, shall not cause a Jury W*10 tailing

to be summoned, by iflliing their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County of Oxford, or if the 8 JUry*

said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, shall neglect or omit to make Payment in Manner

directed, then, and in every such Cafe, the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall not at any future

Time issue any Warrant or Warrants for calling a Jury ; and no Person or Persons to whom any Notice

shall have been given, shall, on the Failure of summoning such Jury, be obliged at any Time after to

contract for, fell, or otherwise dispose of any Premises which he, (be, or they, may be seised or possessed

of, or interested in.

Vol. XIV. Parti. K XXIV. Provided 1

* j by VjiOOgLC

Effotet

are pnid for, the

Passage may be

widened.

