3*8

Alteration intro-

duce d by the said

Ad found to be

beneficial,

Court of JulH-

riary, and Circuit

Courts. may try

Caufrs for capi-

ta] Offence* in

the farce Man-

ner as those for

less Crimea.

Discretionary

Power given to

the Judgea.

Counsel,or Pri-

soner, mayinter-

togateWitncflea.

Not to alter

Form of I rials

for High Trea-

son, tcc.

Recital of two

two Act of

Parliament of

Scotland.

Three Judges of

the Court ot Juf-

ficiary to be a

Quorum, during

Commencement

?nd Continuance

of thii Ad.

C. 46, 47. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783,

c Grime or Crimes not inferring the Punishment of Death, or Demembration, whereupon the Verdict of

‘ an Assize or Jury is to pass, upon examining and hearing the Evidence of the Witness or Witnesses

c adduced or examined in any such Cause or Prosecution viva vocey without reducing into Writing the

Testimony of any such Witness or Witnesses; and that the Practice of taking down and reducing into

€ Writing the Testimony of Witness'cs in such Cafes, be, anti the fame is thereby abrogated and abolithed:

4 And whereas the Alteration introduced in the Trial of the letter Crimes by the above Ad has been found,

4 by Experience, to be attended with important and ialutary Confluences: And whereas the taking

4 down and reducing into Wiiting the Evidence given in the Trial of Crimes, which may infer the Puni(h-

4 ment of Death, or Demembration, as now practised in the Court of Justiciary, and Circuit Courts, has

4 been found, by long Experience, to be attended with great Inconveniencies, by prolonging Trials to

4 such a Length, as has been found dangerous to the Health of the Judges, Counsel, and Jury, whereby

the best Jurymen are often deterred from attending such Service; and those who do attend, after being

4 exhausted with the Fatigue of such long Tri.ds, are little able to discharge their Duty in reconsidering the

4 whole Evidence as taken down at such Length in Writing, in order to form their Verdict ;* for Remedy

whereof, be it enacted by the Authority atoreiai 1, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of

Justiciary, and the said respective Circuit Courts, to piocecd in, try, and determine all Cauies and Pro-

fecutions before them, for any Crime or Crimes inferring the Punishment of Death, or of Demembra-

tion, in the same Manner as is now practised in Prosecutions for letter Crimes, by the Verdict of an Assise,

or Jury, upon examining and hearing the Evidence of the Witness or Witnesses adduced or examined

in any such Cause or Prosecution vice voce% without reducing into Writing the Testimony of any such

Witness or Witnesses.

IV. Provided always. That if in the Trial of any of the Crimes which may infer the Punishment of

Death, or Demembration, it shall appear to the Judges more expedient to take down and reduce into

Writing the Testimony of all, or any Number of the Witnesses, according to the present Practice, it

shall be lawful for them to proceed in that Manner; any Thing in this present Act to the contrary not-

withstanding.

V. Provided also, That in all such Trials and Prosecutions, whether the Evidence be reduced into

Writing, or be taken from the Witnesses viva voce, without reducing the fame into Writing, the Counsel

on both Sides, and the Pannel, or Prisoner, may interrogate the Witnesses upon all pertinent and legal

Questions, and immediately before the Assise or Jury shall be inclosed, the Evidence shall be summed up

by the Judge, or one of the Judges, before whom Inch Trial shall be had.

VI. Provided lilcewiftf, That nothing herein contained shall alter, or be understood to alter, in any

Refoeft, the Form or Mode of Trials before the said Courts for the Crimes of High Treason, or of Mif-

piiuon of Treason.

VII. And whereas by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year one thousand fix

4 hundred and (eventy-two, intituled, Act concerning the Regulation of the fudicato'ies, among other Regu-

4 lations of the Court of Judiciary, it is provided. That four of the Judges shall always be a Quorum

4 of that Court: And whereas, by another Act of the Parliament o (Scotland^ made in the Year one thou-

4 find six hundred and eighty-one, intituled. All appointing the Riorum of the fujlice Court in Time of

Vacancey it is statuted and ordained, That in Time of Vacance of me Session, three of the Commissioners

4 of Justiciary dial 1 be a fuflacient Quorum: And whereas it has been found, from Experience, that the

4 Quorum appointed by the Act of the Parliament of Scotland first above recited, is often attended with

4 Inconveniences, as interfering with the Attendance of the Judges of the Court of Justiciary to their

4 Duty as Judges in the Court of Session, and that the Reafou for reducing the Quorum of the said Court

4 of Justiciary to three, applies, with more Propriety, to the Time of the sittings of the Court of Session,

4 than to the Time of the Vacation of that Court be it therefore t-nafted by the Authority aforesaid, That

any' three of the Judges of the Court of Justiciary, who are also Judges of the Court of Sftfion, shall be a

fuffirient Quorum of the said Court of Justiciary, as well during the Sittings of the Court of Session, as in

the Time of Vacance, or Recess of that Court.

*he Sittings of the Court of Session.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers, Authorities, and Regulations,

contained in this Act, shall take Place and have Continuance from ami after the first Day o (July next, for

the Term of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for widening the North-weft End of Ferchurch-street, and the South End of the Old Jewry, within

the City of London.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for altering and varying the Powers of an Act, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George

the F: rft. for mating the River Douglas, alias Alland, navigable from the River Ribble to Wigan, in the

County Palatine of Lr.ncaster; and for enabling the Company ot Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool

Cana!, incorp ^rated by an Act: passed in the tenth Year of his pieicnt Majesty’s Reign, to purchase the

said River Na igaim; for amending the raid last-rm ntioned Act; and (or incorporating and coufoii-

da.ing the mid two Navigations; and for other Purposes.

41 The Fumble rentes Act 6 George I. Cap. 2S. and the Act for the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, 10 Geo. III.

44 that the Leeds Conpany havepurchased twenty-eight Shares, Part of thirty-six, into which the Douglas

3 44 Navigation

Goooole

