382

who lhA\ pive a

Dischargefor ihc

fame, and certify

the Receipt

thereof to the

Barons of the

Exchequer, Sec.

All such Money

received by the

Deputy Remem-

brancer, to be

paid into the

Bank.

Barons of Ex-

chequer, upon

Petition, &c.

impowered to

tnake Orders

for Payment of

the Money re-

ceived by the

Deputy Remem-

brancer, or for

placing it in the

funds, Sec,

On Death or Re-

moval of Deputy

Remembrancer,

all Stocks, Sic.

veiled in him

bj virtue of this

Act, ihali veil in

his Successor,&c.

If in future

thee should be

no Deputy Re-

membrancer,

then the Trusts

veiled in him by

this Act flnll

vest in the Re-

membrancer.

If Person* in-

titled to Deben*

lures shall ne-

pleft to take the

lame for a

Momh after No-

tice, they may

bedepofted with

the Clerk of the

Peace, &c.

All the Lands,

Sec. which have

been valued as to

be taken by his

Majc$y,Aull, on

C. 71.

Anno viqefimo tertio Georg 11 III. A.D. 178*3,.

Sums of Money which is and arc by the said Decree decreed or determined to be paid to any Trustee or

Trustees, shall be paid, by the Treasurer of the Ordnance for the Time being, into the Hands of the

Deputy of the King's Remembrancer of his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Westminster for the Time be-*

ing, for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes, herein-after mentioned; and such Deputy Remembrancer il

hereby authorized, impowered, and required to receive the same, and to give a sufficient and effectual

Discharge for the fame; and the said Deputy Remembrancer shall, upon the Receipt gf each of the

several Sums so to he paid in and for the Use and Benefit of each of the said Owners and Proprietors•

respectively, sign a Certificate to the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, under his Hand, purport-

ing and signifying that every such Sum was received by and paid to him, in pursuance of this Afl, for the

Use and Benefit of such Owner or Proprietor respectively, and who, in such Certificate, shall be named

and described ; and which Certificate shall be filed in the said Court of Exchequer, and a true Copy

thereof, signed by the said Deputy of the King's Remembrancer, shall and may oe read and allowed a*

Evidence for the Purposes herein-after mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Deputy Re-

membrancer for the Time being, upon Receipt of any such Sum or Sums of Money, hereby directed

and appointed to be paid to him as aforesaid, shall pay the fame into the Bank of England.

VII. And be it further enacted. That the Barons of his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Westminster

of the Degree of the Coif for the Time being, or any two or more of them, shall be, and are hereby

authorized and impowered, in a summary Way, upon Motion or by Petition for and on behalf of any

Person or Persons interested in, or intitled to the Benefit of the Money to be paid to and received by the

said Deputy Remembrancer, or the Interest or Produce thereof, and upon reading the Certificate di-

refled to be signed by the said Deputy Remembrancer concerning the fame, as aforesaid, and receiving

such further Satisfaction as they shall think necessary, to make and pronounce such Orders and Direc-

tions as they shall think just and reasonable for paying the said Money, and every or any Part or Parts

thereof, or for placing out such Part thereof as shall be Principal in the publick Funds, or upon Govern-

ment or real Securities, and for calling in, disposing of, and placing out the fame again, in or upon fuefi

new or other Funds or Securities as aforesaid, and for Payment of the Dividends, Interest, or Produce

thereof, to the several and respeflive Persons intitled to receive the same; or for laying out the said prin-

c pal Sums, or any Part thereof, in the Purchase of other Mtfiuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-

n»ents, to be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon the fame Ules, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, as

the former Estates were settled at the Time of making the said Decree, or as near as the fame can be

done; or for and concerning the receiving, issuing, paying, applying, and disposing of the said Money

for the Benefit of the Person and Persons intitled to or interested in the fame respectively, by virtue of,

and according to the Tenor and Purport of the said recited Afl and this present Afl ; and for appointing

a proper Person or Persons to be Trustee or Trustees for all or any of such Purposes ; and that such

Money shall be from Time to Time paid by the said Deputy Remembrancer, according to the Orders tfr

be from Time to Time made.

VIII. And be it further enacted and declared. That upon the Death or Removal of the present or any

future Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer, all Mortgages, Stocks, and

Securities, vetted in him by virtue of this Afl, shall vest in the succeeding Deputy of the King’s Re-

membrancer for the Time being, subject to the Trusts, and for the Purposes herein-before mentioned,

without any Assignment or Transfer; and all Monies paid into the Bank, in pursuance of this Afl, or

remaining in the Hands of the present or any future Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer at the Time

of his Death or Removal, and not vested in the Funds, or placed out on Securities as aforesaid, shall be

paid over to the succeeding Deputy Remembrancer for the Time being.

IX. And be it further enacted and declared, That if, on the Death or Removal of the present or any

future Deputy of the K ng’s Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer, the King’s Remembrancer

shall execute the said Office in Person ; then, and in such Cafe, the several Trusts, Powers, and Au-

thorities, in and by this present Afl vested in the said Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer, and his

Succcllbrs, shall, during such Time as no Deputy of the King’s Remembrancer shall be appointed, vest

in and be executed by the said King’s Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer for the Time

being.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons who by Lnv

are capable of receiving such Debenture as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to take the fame for the Space

of one Month after such Notice given in the London Gazrttr, as aforesaid, then, and in such Cafe, it

shall and may be lawful for the Clerk of the Ordnance for the rime being, to depoftt the fame with tre

Clerk of the Peace of the County where the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments therein

mentioned, in respect whereof such Debenture or Debentures shall be made out, shall lie, and to take

his Acquittance or Acq littances for the fame, which such Clerk of the Peace is hereby required to give

without any Fee or Reward, and which shall be taken and deemed to be valid 5 and such Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of such Person or Persons reflectively so neglecting or refusing

to take such Debenture or Debentures, shall from thenceforth be vested to the Use of his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, as if such Debentures, or the Money payable thereby, had been received by the

Parties intitled thereto, and the Money thereon doe had been fully satisfied and paid ; and such Clerk of

the Peace shall and may afterwards deliver the fame to the Party or Parties who shall appear to be in-

titled thereto, on being fully paid all such reasonable Charges and Expences, if any, as he shall or may

sustain or be put unto relating thereto.

XL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Particulars of the

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which have been, in and by the Lid recited Decree,

or the Verdifls therein mentioned, valued, as to be taken and paid for by his Majesty, and all Appur-

7 1 nnarn;i,lccs

'

