32

DWers Survey!

have been taken,

and Boole of

Reference made*

Two Part! to be

made thereof.

and allowed to

be given In Evi-

dence,

Cana] to be

made pursuant

Co the Plan,

Land-owren

being onrit ed

in the Bowk of

Reference, not

to obdiuft the

»aking the

Canals, dec.

Weight of Tim-

ber ascertained.

Powers of the re-

eyed Acts ex-

tended to the

Works to he

executed ty this

a a.

C. 33. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

Canal* at Stanley AIofsy for the better supplying the said Canal with Water, and for the better making such

new Rail-way as aJorcfaid, to remove the Material which form the present Rail-way, or any Parc

thereof.

V. And whereas divers Levels and Surveys have been taken, to ascertain the Practicability of making the

4 said Extension of Canal (and a Map or Plan, and a Book of Reference thereto, have been made in confe-

4 quence of such Levels and Surveys), through, across, under, or over the several Effates, Lands, or

4 Grounds, now or late be longing, or reputed to belong, to the several and respeeflive Persons, and uch

4 Roads, Rivers, and Brooks, as are particularly mentioned in the said Book of Reference b* it therefore

enacted and declared, That there shall be two Parts made of the fdid M^p or Plan, and Book of Reference,

which shall be certified by the Right Honourahletthe Speaker of the Honourab e th»* Hou'e of Commons,

2nd severally deposited wirh and kept by the Clerk of the Peace for the Couniv of St iffo*d, and the Cleric

to the fdid Company of Piopriecors for the T me being, to which all Person» shall have Liberty to refoit,

and make Extracts and Copies thereof as Occafmn shall require: And the said Mps or Plan1, and Books of

Reference, so certified, or true Copies thereof, shall be, and are hereby dcclaied to grod Evidence in

all Courts of Law, or elsewhere; and the Clerk for the Time being to rh* said Company of P oone jis,

upon Six Days Notice to him given for that Purpose, shall, from 'Time to Time, produce 'he Lid Map or

Plan, and Book of Reference, in his Custody, before the O-mmillioners appointed, and their Su'ceflors,

or any Jury or Juries to be impanelled, by virtue of the said former AiL, or this Act, at the l ime and

Place to be mentioned in such Notice, in order tfut the lame may he then and there given in Evidence.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company, in making rhe laid hxrenli >n, shall not deviate

more than Sixty Yards from the Course or Direction in the said Map or Plan, ana let forth in the uio Bock

of Reference; nor cut, carry, and convey the fame into, through, acr L, under, or over any other Part or

Parts of the several Effaces, Lands, and Grounds, now or I ite hr loin ing, or reputed to belong, to such

Person or Persons, and such Roids. Rivets, and Broc ks respcdlive ly, than are mentioned in the Lid B->nk

of Reference, without the Approbation and C< n on' m W iting, figmd by the Person or Persons to whom

such Effaces, Lands, or Ground', do or shall i«lpe<Tvely belong, or without an Order ol the CommiJion-

ers, or any /even or more of them, at a Meeting to be lul 1 for ,hat Purpose (of which fourteen Days No-

tice in Writing, signt-d by the Clerk L>r the Time being to the'fniJ Company, specifying the Uevia:ion

delired to be made, shall be given to th^ Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds), and if, at the

T.me mentioned in such Notice, the faiu Commtdinners, or any seven or more of them, shall think it rca-

sonable that Inch Deviation therein mentioned ought to be made, it shall and may be lawful for them to

ir^ke such Order in the Prerpifcs as to them fh:dl leem proper, and the said Company shall and may make

the f3id Extension of Canal, in the Manner mentioned in such Order.

VII. Provided always, and it i> hereby further enacted and declared, That the said Company shall and

may make the said intended Extension of Canal through, across, or over the Lands or Grounds of any

Person or Persons whomlbever, into whose Fffates, Lands, or Grounds, such Deviations as aforesaid shall

extend (although their Name or Names are not mentioned in the said Book of Reference,); or into the

Efbtes, Lands, or Grounds of any Person or Persons whose Name or Names shall appear, to the Satisfac-

tion of the fai l Conv.r.ilfioner®, or *nv Lven or morcof them, and be by them certified under thrir Hands,

to be by Milbke omitted in the Lid Book of Reference; or that instead thereof the Name or Names of*

some e ther Person or Persons to whom such last mentioned Estates, Lands, and Grounds do not belong,

have or hath by Milhke been inserteJ therein, any Tning herein contained to the contrary thereof in any-

wi e notwithstanding.

.4 V III. And whereas by the Lid Ac! of the sixth Year of the Re:gn of his present Mapfty it was enabled and

4 declared, That fifty Feet of Round, or forty Feet of Square Oak or Ash 'Limber, shall be deemed, rated,

and estimated, as and for one Ton Weight, which Calculation hath been found erroneous \ be it therefore

further enacted, That soit> Feet of Oak or Ash Timber shall hereafter be deemed, rated, and estimated as

and for one Ton Weight, upon the Lid Canals and Branches made or to be made by the said Company,

under the Powers of the said former Acts, or this p:efent Ad; any Tning in the said A£i$, or any of

them, to the contrary notwithst inding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority afo refit id, That for the more easy and effectual making,

completing, repairing, maintaining, and ufmgthe Lid proposed Extension of Canal and Rail-way, the said

Company, their Agent*, vServanrs, Workmen, and Labourers, and all and every other Person and Per-

fons, Commissioner -md Crmmiftioners Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Colhgiate whitsoever, shall huve

and be lei ed *nd paflefled of, and is and are hereby in veiled with such and the like Estates, Authorities,

Powers, Abilities, Inttrtfts, Privilege*, and Advantages, and ihal; be, and is and are hereby madesubject

and liable to such and the .’ike Rules^ Conditions, Directions, Regufarions, Limitations, Reffridtions,

Comrouls, Paymenrs, Penalties, Forttiiures, Punishmcnrs, and Benefit of Appeal, as arc mentioned,

directed, given, granted, prescribed, dhbhshed, and infl died in am! by the said Acts made in the sixth,

tenth, and fixtec.ith Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, to cve.-v Intent ant] Purpose whatsoever;

and that the laiJ Acts, and all the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Authorities» Orders, Rules, Regula-

tions, Limitations, Rtfiridtions, Prohibitions Directions, Exemptions, Indemnities, Penalties, For-

feitures, Punilliments, Matter5, and Things therein respectively contained (except such Paits of the said

Act passed in the lixih Year of the Reign of his Lid Majesty as are varied or altered by the said A<dt parted in

the tenth Year of the Reign of his prelcm xMajeffy and also except such Parts of the said Acts of the sixth,

tenth, and sixteenth Years of his preert Majesty, as are hereby altered or varied), dial! extend, and are

hereby extended to, and shall tak; Effect, operate, and be put in Execution in, for, and in respect of the

continuing, mdcing, completing, repai-ing, maintaining, and using the Lid proposed Extension of Canal,

and the fr.veral Works, Matters, and Things by this Act authoiifid to be made, done, and performed,

and for the Punishment of Offences in relation thereto, and for the felling and conveying of Lands, Tc-

j nements,

L^

