A, D* 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III.

C. 80.

399

Upon Entry of

such Nats at the

Custom-house,

each Parcel flull

be marked, to

denote they are

the Growth of

the Brit i/h Plant*

ationc, ftc.

parture from the Place or Places where such Coaccra Nuts, mentioned in such Certificate or Certificates, were

laden, he did not take on board, or permit to be laden on board his said Ship or Vessel, either at Sea or else where,

any Parcel or Parcels of Cocoa Nuts, and that all the Cocoa Nuts onboard his said Ship are mentioned and set

forth in the said Certificate or Certificates; and,upon the Entry of such Cocoa Nuts at the Custom-house, and

paying or securing the several Duties then due thereon, a Mark shall be set on every Parcel, denoting it to

contain Cocoa Nuts of the Growth of the British Plantations, and where and by what Ship imported 5 and

thereupon such Parcel or Parcels of Cocoa Nuts, so marked, shall be lodged in a Warehouse or Ware-

houses,^ pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the First; and the Importer or Proprietor of any Parcel or Parcels of Cocoa Nuts, or any other

Person who shall be employed by such Importer or Proprietor to make an Entry with the Receiver or

Collector of the said Inland Duty, shall deliver to the said Receiver or Collector the said Certificate or

Certificates of the Affidavit or Affirmation of the Growth of the said Cocoa Nuts in the British Plantations,

made before the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and Naval Officer, together with the said

Oath or Affirmation made, as aforesaid, by the Matter of such Ship or Vessel at the Port where such Cocoa

Nuts were taken on board, together with the Oath or Affirmation, or a Copy thereof, made by the Planter

or Grower before two of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace there, in the Manner before directed; as also

the said Certificate of the Package, Marks, and Numbers of the Cocoa Nuts, so laden on board 5 which

said Certificate or Certificates, Oath or Affirmation, shall remain with the said Collector or Receiver of the

said Inland Duty.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commander, or other Person having

Charge of any Ship or Vessel, shall take in, or permit or (utter to be taken in, at any of his Majesty’s said

Islands or Plantations in America, or at Sea, or in any Creek, Harbour, or other Place in America, or shall

land, or futter or permit to be landed, out of any Ship or Vessel in any of the said Islands or Plantations,

any Cocoa Nuts of the Growth or Produce of any foreign Country (except such Cocoa Nuts as shall be

regularly exported from Great BritainJ, on Pain of forfeiting all such Cocoa Nuts, and the Sum of two

hundred Pounds, and likewise shall suffer twelve Months Imprisonment > such Forfeiture to be sued for,

recovered, and adjudged, in any Court of Record in any of his Majesty’s Dominions in Europe, or in any

of his Majesty’s Islands or Plantations; and what shall be recovered in pursuance of this Act, in any Court

of Record in any of his Majesty’s Dominions in Europe, shall be paid, one Moiety to his Majesty, and

the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall intorm and sue for the same $ and what shall be reco-

vered in the said Islands or Plantations shall be divided, oneTbird to his Majesty, oneThird to theGovemor

or Commander in Chief, and the other Third to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall falsely make any Oath or

Affirmation, by this Act directed to be made, and thereof shall be legally convicted in any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record in Great Lritain, or in any of the Courts of Admiralty in any of the said Plantations

where such Offence was committed, such Person or Persons, so guilty, shall forfeit the Sum of two hun-

dred Pounds, and be imprisoned fot the Space of twelve Months ; and if any Person shall forge or counter-

feit a Certificate of the said Oath or Affirmation, or shall publish such Certificate, knowing the fame to be

forged or counterfeited, and shall be legally convicted thereof in any of the Courts aforesaid, such Person

shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and such Forfeiture shall be paid, one Moiety to his Majesty,

and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same, to be recovered and

divided as is before directed and appointed.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties by this Act imposed

on Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, the Growth and Produce of British Islands and Plantations, shall be subject

and liable to additional Duties or impofts of five Pounds per Centum, five Pounds per Centum, and five

Pounds per Centum, severally imposed by the Acts respectively made in the nineteenth, twenty-first, and

twenty-(econd Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, Upon the Produce and Amount thereof; and

that such additional Duties or impofts of five Pounds per Centum, five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds

per Centum, shall be raised, levied, coileded, and paid, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules

and Regulations, Powers and Authorities, Ways, Means, and Methods, as the said additional Duties or

impofts are by the said Acts of the nineteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-second Yeats of his present

Majesty’s Reign, directed to be coileded and paid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or Limitation of

commenced against any Person or Per fens, for any Matter or Thing by him or them done or executed by virtue Aaion,‘

of or in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the

Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such

Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence

at any Trial to be had thereon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of and by Authority of this Act ;

and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall

become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given

Against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have

Treble Costs awarded to him or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to esquire into the Losses and Services of all such

Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late

• unhappy Dilientions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his M^ajesty, and

Attachment to the British Government.

Penalty on Co*»•

Bunders who

fluU take on

beard, or Jandr

in America, flee.

anyCoeoaNuts of

foreign Growth*

(Exception.)

Application of

Penalties*

Persons fwetring

falsely under this

Ad,

or forgleg t Cer-

tificate, Ac.

fiuUfbc feitaool*

The Duties by

this AO imposed

on Coffee sod

Cocoa Nuts, Ault

be liable to the

additional 5 per

Cents. granted

by three Atfl of

19, ii, end xx

Geo. UJ.

General Issue.

Treble Cost*}

# \\7 HER E A S, during the late unhappy Dilientions in America, many of your Majesty’s faithful

* VV Subjects have, in confeqoence of .their Loyalty to your Majesty, and Attachment to the British

PreaoU*

Fff a

4 Government.

oog

