I 21

A. D i/Bi, Anhoiviccfimo primo Georgii III. C. 6j,

or they fh/11 (land charged, for and on account of any Money,'Goods, or other Effects* received or pof-

fdltd oy him, her, or them, for the Ufc, and on Account 01 his, her, or their Mailer o: Matters, or km- s

p'oyers, and by such Servant or Agent embezzled, concealed, or converted to his, her; or thtirown Ulej

any Thing herein confined to the contrary thereof in any wise not withttanding.

4 XXXVII. And whereas m<iny evil-d.(poled Persons, to support their prof! gate Way.ofLife, have, by

4 various ftjbtle Stratagems, Threats, and Devices, fraudulently obtained dive's Sums of Money, Gojds,

4 Warts, Merchandizes, Bonds, Bills of Exc hange, Promissory Notes, or other Securities for Money, to

the great Injury of industricus families, and to the manifelt Prejudice of Trade and Lb edit ;*r be it enact-

eJ, 1 rtat no Prisoner, w ho knowingly and dtfignediy, by false Pretence or Pretences, ihafi have obtained, rvrC,rs »bn, by

from any Person or Poffi»ns, Money, Goods, \\ ares, Merchandizes, Bonds, Bids ot Exchange, Promiifiuy G.fc Pre:<nc»,

Notes, or other Securities for Money, shall have or receive any Benefit oi discharge by or under this Act;

but the justices, at any General or Quarter Settion of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, b:fore Ac|u^ltl<ied\Ife

whom any such Prisoners shall be brought, upon due Proof of the Matter, made to their Satisfaction, shall n<nefit of thu

rem ind such Prisoner to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the P/ifon from whence he,or (lie shall Act.

have been brought; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

. 4 XXXVIII. And whereas many Debtors, for Rents of Lands, JVMluages, Houfts, or other Premises,

4 have, with a fraudulent Intent to disappoint the Right of tht ir respective Landlords, removed the Stock,

4 Cattle, Furniture, Goods, or other hffedis, which were subj^dl and liable to be distrained for the Safis-

4 huStion of the said Rents be it enacted.by the Authority afoithid, That no Prisoner or Prisoners, who,

in a Itcret, clandcstine, or f:anduient Manner, shall have removed, or cauied to be removed, within fix hav^

Yeats before the patting of this A cl, any luc:\ Stock, Cattle, Furniture, Goods, or Effects, of the Value d*j rmiy removed

of fifty Pounds, or upwards, which were subject and liable to be distrained by tfuir respeAiive Landlords, Suck, Futni

for or in Payment of such Rent or Rems, wherfby such Landlord or Landlords shall have loft al! or some ture, &«■. liable

Part of the Rene or Rents due to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, shall be discharged by or under this Act;

but (haf, on due Proof of the Matter as aforesaid, be remanded in Manner herein before mentioned; any vi ch/r£c/ by

7'hing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. this Act.

4 XXXIX. And whereas many Debtors have, with a View* to defraud their Creditors, fold, transferred,

4 conveyed, or assigned their Estate and Effects to some Pufin or Persons, fublcquent to their being in

4 Custody of Law, or imprisoned under some Proctfs for Debt: And whereas such Sale, Transfer, Con-

4 veyarne, or Attignment, has been frequently made, to the infinite Prejudice of the fair and honest

4 Creditor, though sufficier.t Pioi f could not be obtained to convict the Party of a fraudulent Design p be ;ngV u Hr af/"

it enabled, That whenever it /hall be proved, by one or more credible Witntls or Witnesses, to the Satis- f:gnc<j any pJrt

fa<ftion of the Court, to which any Prisoner shall be brought up, in order to obtain his or her Discharge, or hi* EHateor

that fuc h Prisoner has fold, transferred, conveyed, or assigned, to any Person or Persons, all or any Part Eft>£U, after be-

of his Efhteor Effects, subsequent tojhe Time of his Impnionment, or of his being in Custody of Law,

without just Cause for so doing, to be allowed by the Justices presiding in such Court asaforelaid; every ^frau^hfsVre*

such Debtor shall lose al) the Benefits and Advantages that he might have otherwise claimed under the Au- diurs. ftaii lofc

thoiity of this Act, and shall not be inti tie J to his or her Ditcharge; and every such Sale, Transfer, Con- the Benefit of

veyance, or Alignment, is hereby declared to be null and void. this Act.

XL. And be it further enaditd by the Authority aforesaid, That every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison Gaohr to per.

shall, and is hereby required to fuder, in the Day-time, any Person or Persons, desiring the fame, to fee niitthe fpcakir.g

and (peak, in the Lodge, or some convenient Room in the said Prison, with any Prisoner or Prisoners, J^ofe

whose Names are infeited in the afore-mentioned List or Lists, or London Gazette^ or other Newspapers, N-mcf'are'in-

or any of them, or any Persons funendei ing thcmlelves pursuant to this Act; and also fee, in the true and ffrt<-d inrheLift,

genuine Books of the said Prison, the Entries made of the Name or Names of such Prisoner or Prisoners, or tec.

Debtor or Debtors, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whole Suit or Suits he, »nd the examm*

(he, or they, are or were defaintd: And if any such Gaoler or Keeper shall negKct or rctufe to comply pj kVoEn

with what is here above required, every such Gaoler or Keeper, who shall so offend in the Premises, shall tf°c.  c on°p^

forfeit and pay, to the Person so rcfufeil and aggrieved, the Sum of forty Pounds; to be recovered, with njtivof40! vkh

Costs of Suit, by Adiion of Debt, Bill, Plant, or Information, in any of the Courts at JVejitninster^ CotfsotSuic.

wherein no E/Toin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, by and in

the Name or Names of the Per fin or Persons (o refused and aggrieved.

XLI. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted, That by an Adjudication by Force of this Act, no Discharge of

Other Person or Per Tons w ho was or were Partner or Partners in Trade with any such Debtor at the l ime Dc;>for nu A°-

of such Adjudication, or then flood bound, engaged with, or liable to, the Payment of any Debt with ’°J

any such Debtor, or engaged in any Contract toge ther with any such Debtor, shall be discharged from any tiCsJner or urc*

such Debtor Demand; but every such other Pei Ion and Persons shall severally Hand and be chargeable

with, and liable to pay, such Debt and Debts, and to peiform such Contrails, in like Manner as if no such

Adjudication had betn made. -

ALII. And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Giolcr or Keeper, of any Cad<r mA-m*

Prison or Piifons, shall rr.ake, or cause to be made, any false Entries in any Book or Books belonging to 1a.,c ^!>’T m

any Prison or Gaol under his C.jre, or of which he is or was Gaoler, or (haiJ prepare or keep, or cause to L^to t«urW'r

be prepared or kept, any false Book or Books, in order for any false or untrue Entry or Entries to be made ^co’. v.iUi treble

theieinj or,shall insert'in any List, to be delivered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Person or Lefts,

Persons who was not fee at large, or surrendered, or tendered to be surrendered, or in actual Custody as

aforesaid (except as in the Gath of a»y such Gaoler r Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, thail be ex-'

cepted), every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall, over and above the Penalties

which be shall be liable la for every such Fraud, forfeit and pay the Sum ol five hundred Pounds; to be

recovered, w:th treble Coils of Suit,* by and in the Name, and for the Use, of any Person or Persons who

shall be prejudiced by any Entry, or such false Entiies; which Penalties shall and may be recovered by

VoImXIV. Part L R Aaion

V oOO

