39°

Nothin* in tV.i»

.A <4 to aftVft the

Courr of Record

for Pl-jj at

Shrewsbury.

Ianvt.rion of

Actio.i*.

General Ifiue.

Treble Costs.

Publick A&,

Preamble*

Tr*m Aug. 31,

3783, the Im-

portation Duties

on plain Muflias,

&c. to cenc.

Kew Duty,

Dray-back to be

aliov-e-i on ex-

portation of loch

Goods,

New Duty to be

p.od applitd,

an* Du* tack to

be J] we 1,in the

fame M inner,

*Bd ubjed :o the

Jim* (rela-

tions, a‘ the

for met Duties

and Drawback,

Continuance of

HiiJtft,

C. 74. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 1783.

such Offender to the Gaol of the said Town, there to remain for any Time not exceeding fourteen

Days.

XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this A&shall not extend to aher, change, take away,

annul, or prejudice, the Court of Record for Pleas within the Town and Liberties of Sbrcivjhiry aforesaid,

or any manorial Rights, Privileges, Francbifes, or Jurisdictions to the fame belonging, or to the Lord or

Lords of any Manor or Manors within the said Town and Liberties for the Time being; but that the fame

shall be, remain. olid continue in as full and ample Power, Jurisdiction, and Authority, as if this Act had

lie cr been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary the cofin anywise notwithli anding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall b: brought or commenced against any

Person or Persons for any Matter or 1 hing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty- Days

Notice thereof shall be given to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person against whom such Action

or Sun ffijl: be intended to be brought (speccifying in such Notice the pirffcular Cause of Action), or after

fuffunmt Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party aggrieved, or unless such Action or Suit shall

be brought or commenced within thiee Calendar Months next alter the Cause of Action shall atife, and not

after wards; and shall be laid in the County of Salop, and not elsewhere; and ihe Defendant or Defendants

in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in

Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Auth irity

of this Act: And if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought

before <he Expiration of twenty Days after such Notice shall have been given, or after Lender ofsufficient

Amends shall have been made to the Party aggrieved, or after the Time before limited for bringing the

fame, or shall be laid in any other County or Place, then, and in either of the fuid Cafes, the Jury shall

find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Piaintiff or Plaintiffs fha'l become

nonsuit d or ddcontinue ftuh Action or Suit, or if upon a Verdict or Demurrer Judgment shall be given

agnnff the Plaintiff* or Plaintiff'?, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Trebie O ffs, and

fh ill have such Remedy for ihcfame as any Defendant or Defendants can or may have in any other Cafe by

Ljw.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publiclc

Act; and (hah be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomso-

ever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for altering the Duties and Drawbacks upon plain Mullins, unrated Muslins and

Callicoes, and Nanquin Cloths.

€ VT7 HEREAS it is expedient to reduce the Duties payable upon the Importation, and the Draw-

4 ▼ V backs allowed upon the Exportation, of certain Species of Muffins, Callicoes, and Nanquin

Cloths, for a limited Time, as a Means todiscourage the pernicious Practice of Smuggling those Articles

4 into this Kingdom, which has been lately, and is now carried cn, to the Great Lois of the Publick Re-

4 venue, the Detriment of the East India Company, and the fair Trader May it therefore please your

RTjelly that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s mi,ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from *nd alter the thirty-first Day of August% one thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty-three, and during the C mtinuince of this Act, the several Rates, Duties,

and Impositions, payable upon the Importation r f plain Mullins, unrared Mullins and Callicoes, and Nan-

quin Cloths into this Kingdom, shall cease and determine, and are h.reby repealed and made void.

If. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in lieu and instead of the several

Duties hereby repealed, there fh all be raised, levied, collected, and paid, a Duty of eighteen Pounds per

CVon the giofs Price for which such Goods shall be sold by the Candle at the Sales of the United Com-

pany of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, without any Discount or Deduction what-

foev cr.

IH. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Exportation of any plain

Muff ns, unrated Muslins and Callicoes, and Nanquin Cloths, from this Kingdom into foreign Part?,

which fh.. 11 be sold at the Sales of the said United Company after the said thirty-fi ft Day of August, one

thousand seven huncred and eighty-three, in lieu and instead of the former Drawbacks heretofore paid and

allowed upon the Exportation of such Goods, the^e (hull be paid and allowed to the Exporter thereof, a

Drawback of 1'en Pounds per Centum, and no more, out of the Duty paid or payable upon the Importation

of such Goods in pursuance of this Act.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty granted by this Act

fh.dl be r^iicd, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, and the Drawback hereby granted shall be

allowed aril paid, in the lame Manner and Form, and shall be fnbjedi to the same Rules, Regulations, Se-

curities, Rest fictions. Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Respects (except where any Alteration is made by

thus At\) ot th^ former Duties and Drawbacks were subject and liable 10 by any Act of Parliament now in

Po.ce, in a? lull and ample Manner, to all intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Rules, Regula-

tions, Securities, I. d r ctions. Penalties, and Forfeitures relative thereto, were again repeated and re-

enacted in the Body or thh pretent AcU

V. And it b he: "by funner enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act {hall continue in Force

until the thirty-first Day 0i AuguJ^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven*

CAP.

