A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C. 6

Successors, or their Agents or Servants, shall not be intitled to or receive any Premium, Rale, or Allow-

ance whatsoever, for or in respcdt of the exchanging or circulating the said Exchequer Bills; any Thing

herein, or in any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further'enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Governor and Com-

pany of the Bank of England, or their Successors, or their Cashier or Crfliier?, shall neglect or refuse to

exchange any such Exchequer Bill or Bills for re?.dy Money as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and

Meaning of this Act, upr'n Demand thereof made at their chief Office within the City of London, for the

Space of twenty-four Hours then the Pcifon or Peifors demanding the fame, or the Person or

Pttfons for and on whose 13chair such Demand shall be mide, (Mil and may recover such Monty, to his,

her, or their own Ule, by Action of Debt, or upon the Cafe, Bill, Suit, or Inf rmiuion, in any of his

M«»jessy,s Courts cf Record at IVeJhninjhr, wherein no Fflbin, Pioteftion, Privilege, or Wager of Lav/,

shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; in which Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, it shall

be lawful to declare that the f. i-i Governor and Company, or their Successors, are indebted to the Piain-

rill or Plaintiffs the Money demanded upon the said 1M1 or Bill.*, according to the Form of this Statute,

and have not paid the fame, which ‘hall be fanciert ; and the Plaintiff or Plaint'iFs, in such Action, D ll,

Suit, or Information, shall recover ngainlt the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, not

only the Money so neglected or rtfukd tube paid, but also Damages, after the Rate of fifteen Pounds per

Centum per Annum, on fur h Money, together with full Colls of Suit; and the said Governor and Com-

pany, and their Successors, and their said Stock and Funds, shall be, and are hereby made subject and

liable thereunto.

IX. And be it fuilher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clauses, Powers, and Psovisions, in

the L;d A ft, nude in this present Sc (lion of Parliament (intituled, An Act for granting an Aid io his Mu-

jtffj !y a I.and Tax, /; be ruled in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand /even hundred and

eighty-one), relating to such Person or Pvfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, as should contrail,

by virtue of that Add, with the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Trea-

fury 'or the Time being, for the emulating and excharging for rendy Money the Exchequer Bills by the

Lid Avid authorised to b: ifiucd (except the Clause for alter rig the Rate of Intereil, and fuel) other Parts

as are varied by this Act), /hull cxttnd to and operate, with respect to the said Governor and Company of

Vhe Bark of England, and their Successors, in relation to the Exchequer Bills to be made out, exchanged,

and circulated, by virtue of this Act, in as full and amp'e Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if a

ContraSI in Wiiting hid been made for that Purpose in the Manner prescribed by the said Act, and as

if the Lid dairies, Povveis, and Provision?, were herein specully re-enaftevi and applied to the Pur poles

of ill's Act.

* X. And for the Encouragement of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their

* SuccefiXs, to exchange and circulate the faij Exchequer Bills, in the Manner and during the Time

4 herein-before mentioned ; and to the End the said Governor and Company* and their Successors, may

4 hay? a competent Recommence and Consideration for so doing;* it is hereby declared and enacted by the

Authtr ty aforesaid, That such Part of the said recited Provision contained in the said Act, made in the

fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majelh, as relates to the determining the said Fund of one hun-

dred thousand Pound' per Annum* and the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank

of England, upon the N >tice and Payments therein mentioned, shall be, anti is hereby repealed and made

void ; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bink of England, and their Successors for ever,

shall remain, continue, and he one Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name aforesaid, and shall for

ever have, receive, and tnjoy, the said entire yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds out of the said

Rates and Duties of Excise, together with a perpetual vSuccefiion and Privilege of exclusive Banking, as

herein after is mentioned, and ail other Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemp-

tions, Privileges, Profits, and Advarrages whatsoever, wheieunto the Governor and Company of the

Bank of England zrr, or, before the making of this Act, were intitled, by the uid Acts of the seventh

and twelfth Years of the Reign of her Lid late IVLjeffy Queen Anne, and the fa;d AcU of the fifteenth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the fourth Year of ill? Reign of

his present M-jefiy, or any of them, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, Grants, or Charters

wh.nsoever, now in f orce ; ail which are by this Act ratified and confirmed to the Lid Governor and

Company, and their Su T; fihr$, freed and diioharged of and from the said Proviso and Conditions of Re-

demption heieby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as aforesaid ; and all other Provisoes, Powers, Acts*

Matters, and Tr ings wh, rfi .rover* heretofore hud, made, done, or committed, for redeeming, determin-

ing, or making vc ;d the said Corporation, or yearly Fund of one h nfted thousand Pounds, and the said

Privilege of exclusive Banking, and all other (heir Abilities, Capacities, Poweis, Authorities, Franchises,

Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages, or any of them ; subject nevertheless to such Re-

firiftions Rules, and L>beftRns, and allb to such other Agreements, Matters, and Things, as in the said

Acts and Charters, or any of them now in Force, are contained or prescribid; and also subject to the.

Power and Condition of Redemption hereafter in this Act contained in this Behalf,

XI. Provided always, and i; is hereby further enacted by the Autnoiity aforesaid. That at any Time*,

upon twelve Months Notice, after the first Day of Anguft, which final! be in the Year of our Lord one

thousand eight hundred and twelve, and not before, and upon Repayment by Parliament, to the said

Governor and Company of the Bank of England* or their Successors, of the said Sum of three millions

two hundred thousand Pounds, advanced by virtue of the said in Part recited Acts, without any Deduc-

tion, Discount, or Abatement whatsoever, to be made out of the said Sum of three millions two hundred

thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof; and upon Payment to the said Governor and Company, and

their Successors, of all the Arrears of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and all the

Principal and Intereil Money which. shall be owing unto them, upon all such Tallies,. Exchequer Orders*

Exchequer*

103

But shall not be

intitled to any

Premium for the

fame,

I-i case the Bank’

refute Pa ent,

how the Muncy*

ma) be recover-

ed.

Plaintiff int‘rltd»

to Damig«s and.

C oC\u

Th* Provifw ps

in the Land TiX'

Act of th is Sef-

fi >n relat ng to

C -ntraftors fr r

C’rcnta ing, &c.

Exchequer Bi)'sf.

(ficevt, Sir.)

shall exten i to

the Bank in re-

lation tothc BillJ

ma^c by virtue.

of this A-ft.

Such Part of ch^

recitrd Act 4

Gro III, as re-

lates to the e'e-

terrrining the

Corporation of

the Bink, &c*

repealed.

The Bank to

retniin a Body

Corporate. Ac.

and to enj^y an

exclusive Piivi-

If je of Banking,.

At anyTimv

aftrr Aug. 1;

tSia, upon rz -

M^mh> No icr,

anc Repayment.;

of the fa d

3 2co,ooooJ,.

and -u Arieart

of the said -

100,000!. p*r.

AUt.ivin,

