w

A.D. 1783.

Anno vicefima tertio Georgii III. C. 34, 35.

VS

nements, and Hereditaments, and ascertaining the Value thereof, and for determining and assessing of Da- J

mages, and ail other Matters and Things which shall relate to or happen to arise, by or in confluence of

the Execution of all or any of the Powers of this Act, in such and the same Manner, and as fully and ef-

feflually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the fame can or may operate and be executed to, upon,

for, or in respect of, the Cuts or Canals, and the several Works, Matters, and Things, in the said for-

mer A<9s respeifively mentioned, or authorised to be made, done, and performed, and as if all the said

Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Authorities, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Limitations, Restrictions, Pro-

hibitions, Directions, Exemptions, Indemnities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Matters, and

Things, were herein repeated, re-enacted, and applied to the said Extension of Canal, Rail-way, and

the several other Matters and Things by this Act authorized to be made, done, and performed, or as the

fame would have been done if the said Extension of Cana], Rail-way, Works, Matters, and Things heie-

by authorized to be continued, made, and done, had been authorised to be made, done, and performed by

the said former Acts, or any of them.

X. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a Publick Act 5 PuMkk A6;

and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without

specially pleading the same*

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for removing certain Disabilities and Incapacities, occasioned by the Attainder of David Ogilvy of

Airly Esquire.

44 Preamble, reciting A&. 19 Geo. II. cap. 26. and Pardon, March 30, 1778. All Disabilities and Incapa-

44 cities, occasioned by the Attainder of David Ogilvy, made void. David Ogilvy, his Heirs, &c-. enabled

44 to hold any Office under his Majesty, to inherit Lands, and commence Suits, 6V. His Attainder not to

<l affe&any Entail or Settlement, tffc. made or granted by or to him, or his Heirs. He may fueand be iuedf

“ plead and be impleaded, General Saving.”

Y'*

1

b )

JK

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establiftiing a Lottery.

ct Preamble. 12,000,000/. to be raised by Annuities, and 480,000/. by a Lottery. Contributors to the

M Sum of 12,000,000/. to be entitled to certain Annuities; which shall be charged upon a Fund to be

44 established this Session, and collaterally on the Sinking Fund. Every Contributor of i,ooc/. shall,

u upon Payment of 40/. more, be intitled to four Lottery Tickets. Preamble; reciting that Books have

44 been opened at the Bank, and Deposits made, pursuant to a Resolution of the House of Commons.

All Persons who have made Deposits, pursuant to the aforesaid Resolution, are required to pay the

Remainder of their Subscriptions at certain Times specified. Subscribers to the Annuities to be

44 allowed Interest for all Monies paid in Advance. Subscribers to the Lottery, on paying in the Whole

44 of their Subscriptions, shall receive Tickets to the Amount thereof. Subscribers to the 12.000,coo/, in-

u titled to certain Annuities. Annuines to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England, iffc•

44 Cashier of the Bank to give Receipts to Contributors for Money received; which shall be aHignable.

44 Cafhter to give Security, to the good Liking of the Commissioners of the Treasury; and to pay all

44 Monies received into the Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury impowered to apply the Money

44 paid in by the Cashier. A Book to be provided in the Accountant-general's Office, in which Contri-

44 butors Names shall be entered, fsV. After Contributors shall have paid their Subscriptions, they will

44 be entitled to receive the Annuities granted by this Act ; which shall be Tax-free. Subscriptions paid

44 in Part and not completed, shall be forfeited to the Publick. As soon as Contributors have completed

44 their Payments, the Sums subscribed shall, in the Books of the Bank, be placed to their Credit; and

44 shall be assignable. Annuities charged on the Fund to be established for Payment thereof. Governor,

44 bfc. of the Bank, to appoint a Chief Cashier, and Accountant-general. Monies to be issued at the

44 Exchequer to the Chief Cashier, for Payment of Annuities created by this Act. Accountant-general

44 to examine Receipts and Payments. Annuities to be deemed personal Estate. Books to be kept by

44 the Accountant-general, wherein shall be entered all Transfers of Sums advanced on this Act.

44 Persons possessed of Stock may devise the fame by Will, isfe. Commissioners of the Treasury im-

powered to defray the incidental Expences attending the Execution of this Act. T he 3 per Cent.

Annuities granted by this Act shall he added to the 3 per Cent. Confols. transferable at the Bank.

The per Cent. Annuities granted by this Act, shall be added to the fame Fund as the \ per Cents. grant-

M ed by the Lottery Acts of 20, 21, and 22 Geo. III. The Annuities of 13J. 4 d. per Annum for 77 Years,

14 to be added to the ronfolidared Long Annuities of 1, 2, 4, 20, and 21 Geo. Ill ; hut to be paid out of the

44 Fund to be eftab'ilhed this Session. The Bank to continue a Company till Redemption of the An-

44 nuities. 480,00 T. to be raised by a Lottery; the Prizes whereof to be paid out of any Supplies granted

44 this Session. Guardians having the Disposal of Infants Money, may contribute to the Loan,

44 Managers and Directors of the Lottery to be appointed by the Treasury. Method of the Lottery

44 Books. Ticket. Managers to examine the Books with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Calhiefs

44 of the B^nk, taking a Receipt for the fame. Cashiers to return the Books, with the undi/posed

44 Tickets, with an A< count of Monies paid in Undisposed Tickets te be delivered into the Exchequer.

44 Tickets of the middle Columns to be rolled up, and fattened with Thread or Silk ; and cut oft imJcnt-

44 wife into a Box marked with the Letter (A)* Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared

44 with two Columns, on each of which 4^,000 Tickets are to be printed. The Nuosber and Value of

Vot. XIV. Part III. U u

I

«c

«<

<j

