A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III, C. 72, 73. 383

Payment of such

Valuation, be

verted in hit

Majesty. his

Hri s, &c. for

ever;

and all other

Landr, &c. com.

prised in the re*

cited Act, shall

remain vested in

their former

Propr'etors.

All the Land*,

&.c. in the re-

cited Act men-

tinr.ed to be situ-

»te in the County

of Sou'hirrpton,

and vested in

Charles WoL

and their Heirt«

Limitation of

AfticnJ.

General Iftuc*

Treble Coftf,

tenances thereof, for the Purposes in the said Act, shall, from and immediately after such Time as the

Value thereof shall be paid by the Officers of the Ordnance as aforesaid, be, and the fame are hereby

vested in his Majesty, to the Ule of his Majesty, his Hnrs and Successors, forever, unalienable; and

that all and every the Particulars of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said

County of Kent, comprised in the said recited Act, which are not valued in or by the said recited Verdict

and Decree, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, and for ever thereafter, be, re-

rnain, and continue, vested in such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or

Civil, and to, for, upon, under, and subject to such Uses, Trusts, Intents, Purposes, Conditions, and

sRestrictions, -as the fame would have been if the said recited Act had not been made; any Thing herein,

or in the said Act, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notv/ithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredi-

taments, in the said recited Act mentioned to be situate in the County of Southampton, and vested in the

-said Charles JVoifran Cormvall, and the said other Persons therein named, and their Heirs, and every Part

and Parcel thereof, wirh their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, shall be, and

the fame are hereby declared to be continued vested in the said Charles JVoifran Cornwall* and the said

other Persons, and their Heirs, to and for the Ends, Intents, and Purposes, in the said recited Act men-

tioned and expressed.

fran Cornwall, tec. (Kill continue vested in the fame Persons,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or

Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of the before recited Act, or any Thing to be done in pur-

fuance of this Act, every such Action and Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next

after the Cause of such Action or Suit shall have arisen, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or De-

fendants in all such Actions and Suits may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evi-

dence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of the said Act, or in pur-

fuance of this Act: And if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall

not be commenced within the Time before limited, then, and in either of such Cafes, the Jury shall find for

the Defendant or Defendants; and if a Verdict shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance after the Defendant or Defendants shall

have appeared, or if, upon any Demurier, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, in each

of the Cafes aforesaid, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy

for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Costs in other Cafes

by Law.

CAP. LXXII. -

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three. 1,500,cool.

CAP. LXXIU.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Li-

berties of Shreusbury, in the County of Salop.

4 \X/HEREAS the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, is an ancient, large, and popu-

VV lous Town, confiding of three distinct Wards; and by reason of the large Fairs and Markets

4 held therein, and of the many extensive Trades and Manufactures carried on in the said Town and

Liberties, as well on account of the Commerce and Intercourse with North Wales, as of the Navigation

4 on the River Severn, and the Contiguity to and Connexion with several great Works earned on in

4 Places adjacent to the said River, several Thousands of Persons are employed, many of whom contract

4 small Debts, and (although well able) refuse to pay the fame, to the Loss and Prejudice of their Cte-

4 ditors, and to the great Detriment of useful Credit within the said Town and Liberties: And whereas

4 an easy and speedy Method of recovering small Debts within the said Town and Liberties would greatly

4 tend not only to suppress the abovementioned Inconvenience, but also to promote Industry, and to sup-

4 port useful CreditMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Common?, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Commfc.

Mayor, Aldermen, and Assistants of the Town of Shrcw/bury for the Time being, the Commissioners ers appointed,

of the Land Tax for the County of Salop for the Time being, residing within and adding fur the Town

and Liberties of Shreivfbury aforesaid, and all other Persons fiomTime to Time resident within the said

Town and Liberties, who shall respectively in their own Right, or in the Right of their Wives, be in

the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements; or Hereditaments, of

the clear yearly Value of thirty Pounds above Reprizes, or po{Veiled of a personal Estate of the Value of

six hundred Pounds over and above their respective Debts, shall be, and they are hereby declared, con-

stituted, and appointed Commissioners to hear and determine all such causes and Matters of Debt as are

hereinafter mentioned j and such Commissioners and their SuccelTbrs are hereby constituted a Court of

Justice, by the Name and Style of The Court of Requejls for the Town and Liberties of Shrewsbury, in the

County of Salop; and they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are

hereby authorized, impowered, and required to meet, assemble, and hold the said Court in the Guildhall

of the said Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County of Salop, on the first Wednesday in July, one thousand

seven hundred and eighty-three, which said Meeting shall and may be adjourned to and until that Day

Fortnight i and all subsequent Meetings of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act shall be,

D d d 2

VjiUU^lv

Preamble.

and constituted a

Court.

