A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C. 29. ^J5

4 nufactures of the Isle of Man, and for the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain Quantity

of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, author fed by an Act made in this Session to be transportet to the

4 fad Island), instead of the Quantity therein mentioned: And whereas Doubts have ariion upon the

4 Construction of the said Acts, whether Rum imported into the Isle of Man from Scotland is chargeable

4 with the fame Duties as Rum imported from England into the said Island Novy, to obviate those

Doubts, be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Rum whLh hath been or shall Rum imported

into the Isle of

Man from Scot-

land, to pay the

fame )ut es a,

R»'m imported

from England,

imported into the Isle of Man from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, unde* the Regulations

and Limitations by the said Acts directed and prescribed, shall be subject to, and pay the like and equal

Duties as are now payable to his Majesty, by virtue of the aforesaid Acts, for and upon Rum imported

into the said Isle of Man from that Part of Great Britain called England\

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the opening and establishing certain Free Ports

in the Island of Jamaica; to the allowing the free Importation of Sagp Powder and Ver-

micelli from his Majesty’s Colonies in North America\ to the free Importation of certain

Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; to the al-

lowing the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to certain Places

in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of his Majesty’s Arms, and

from such Places to Great Britain and other Parts of his Majesty’s Dominions*, to the

clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs;

to the preventing the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby*

to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s Plantations \x^ America-, to the

preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts , and to revive and continue several

Laws relating to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Ar-

ticles to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America-, to the impowering his Majesty to pro-

hibit the Exportation, and restrain the carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Bars, or Copper

in Sheets; to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be

consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the allowing a Bounty on

the Exportation of British Corn and Grain in Neutral Ships.

€ IT J HEREAS the Laws herein-after mentioned have, by Experience, been found useful and be- Preamble.

4 VV. neficia), and are near expiring;’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;

and, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame. That so much of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, $0 much of an

An Act for opening and ejhiblijlnng certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica; for the mere free Ad 6 Geo. III.

Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes \ for granting certain Duties to defray the Ex- for opening c«r-

pences of opening, maintaining, feenring, and improving such Ports \ for ascertaining the Duties to he paid upon j n7nd§ Tfu,‘at]ic

the, bnportation of Cools from the said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon nuica#an.i Do-

Goods imported from the said Island into any other British ColonyJ, as relates to the opening and establishing mimea, Uc.

certain free Ports in the island of Jamaica, which was to continue in Force until the first Day of November, as relates to the

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Sdlion of opening ce«uia

, Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty’* Reign, a; ts m

was continued until the first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and from thence

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; {hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued further conti-

until the first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and from thence to the cd until

End of the then next Session of Parliament. Nov.i,1787,4:0.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the seventh So much ©fan

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to allowing the free Importation of Sago Powder and A a 7 Geo. ill.

Vermicelli into this Kingdom from his Majesty’s Colonies in 'North America for a limited Time, which relates to the

was to continue in Force until the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, shall ^7sirpowder

be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred °nd Ve^micrtU*

and ninety-six. ^ from North a-

mcrica, further continued until Dec. 1, 1796.

III. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the ninth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the free Importation of certain Raw Elides and

Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force for five Years,

from the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, and from thence to the End of

the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, was continued, from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of five

Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the fame is

hereby further continued until the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twentieth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to allow the Exportation of Provifons, Goods, Wares, and

F z Merchandize,

VjUv_

00 muen or an

Art 9 Geo. III.

as relates to the

fice Importation

of Raw Hides

ftom Ireland

and America,

further conti-

nued until

June 1, 1786.

20 Geo. Ill,

Cap. 46,

,gk

