104-

the fiid yearly

'Fund thill tcafe.

No other Bank

ft.all be eretieJ

by Fatliamenc

during the Con-

tinuance of/ the

laid Privilege

Her shall any

Number if

'Bmk*rs in Part*

neiOiip exceed-

ing fix be allow-

e<U

Conditions of

'Redemptiun*

What /hall be

deem*v a suffici*

«i.t Notice.

^Public Act.

Preamble.

Recital of to

Ceo. 1H. Cap.

s».

D. 61. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 1781.

Exchequer Bills, or Parliamentary Funds, which the (Vd Governor and Company, or their SuccefTbrs,

shall have remaining in their Hands, or be intitled to at the Time of such Notice to be given as afordaui,

such Funds for Redemption whereof othfr Provision is made in and by one Ad of Pa.iiament, made in

the Eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George thr Fi ft (intituled, An Act to triable the South

Sea Company to dispoje of the Effects in their Hands by H ay f Lottery or Subjcripti n, or to Jeil Pa>t of their

Fund or Annuity', payable at the Exchequer, in order to pay the Ddt t of the fas I Company \ and for Relief of

such who were intended to have the Benefit of a late Act, touching Payment of Tin per Centum therein men-

tioned); and in and by one other Act or Parliament, made in me h li \ ear «.f the Reign or nis late Ma-

jelly King George the Second (intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of Annuities to

the Bank of England at Four Pounds per Cemum, redeemable by Parliament, and charged up at the Duties on

Coals and Culm; and for further applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund, an I for enlarging the Time for

exchanging Nevis Wbaint Christ 'pht r’s Debentures for Annuities at Three pc. Centum, and^for applying the

Arrears of his late Majestys Civil Liji Revenues) \ and by one other Act ot ra Lament, m de in the second

Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty (intituled, ’An Act for roijing the Sum of one ten lion two hundred

and fifty thoujana Pounds, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, after the Rate of fjti> Pounds per

Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, and for applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund; and by

one other Act of Parliament, made in the nineteen*h Year of the Reign of his laid late iVlajefly (intituled.

An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank ef England, for cancelling

certain Exchequer Bills upon the Terms therein mention'd, and for obdfivg th>m to advance the Sum of one

Million upon the Credit of the Land Tax and Malt Duties, granted to his Mayfly for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and forty-six), always and < nly exeejted; then and in such Cafe, and not till

then, the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds shall ccaic and d* te.minc.

‘ XII. And to prevent any Doubts that may ante concerning the PiiviD c or Power given, by former

4 Acts of Parliament, to the said Governor and C ir.pany, of cxv lufive Banking, and also in regard to the

erecting any other Bank or Banks by Parliament, or n. draining oth r Permits fiom Bank ng during the

Continuance of the said Privilege, granted to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as

4 before recited it is hereby further enacted and dec land by the Authorrv af ntf.iJ, That it L the true

Intent and Meaning of this Act, that no ntner Bank shall he erected, tftabliftud, or allowed by Parliament; and that it shall not be lawful for any Body Foiitic or Corporate wharf e er, eroded or to be

erected, or for any other Persons, united or to be united in Covenants 0/ Partnership, excecdii g the Num-

ber of fix Petfons, in that Part of Great Britain call'd England, to borrow, owe, or take up, any Sum

or Sums of Money on their Bills or Notes, payable at Demand, or at any le;s Turn than h\ Months

from the borrowing thereof, during the Continuance of such laid Privilege to ’he faiJ Governor and

Company; who are hereby declared to be and remain a Corporation, with the Privil ge of exchjfive

Banking, as befo e recited, subject to Redemption o.. the Term* and Conditions before mentioned; that

is to say, on one Y*jr’s Notice, after the first Day of August, onetnoufand eight hundre 1 and twelve, and

Repayment of the three millions two hundicd thousand P-unds, and all Arrears of the one bundled thou-

sand Pounds per Annum, and all the Principal and Inten d Money that shall be ow*ng them on all such

Tallies, Exchequer Orders, Exchequer Bills, or Parliamentary Funds (fu<.h Funds as are before mention-

ed only and always excepted), which the said Governor and Company, or their Succtllo's mall have re-

maining in their Hands, or be entitled to, at the Time of such Notice to be given as aforesaid, and not

otherwde; any Thing in this Ac!, or any so:mer Act or A<its of Parliament, to the contrary in any wise

notwithstanding.

XI[I. And it is hereby also enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That any Vote or Refotu-

t’ron of the Houseuf C< mmons, signified by the Speaker of 1 he faith Houft in Writing, and delivered at the

Public Office of the said Governor anJ Company, or. their Successors, shall be deem d and adjudged to be

a sufficient Notice, within the Words or Meaning of tins Act; any 'Thing herein contained to the con-

trary notwithstanding.

XIV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforcf/id, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged,

and taken to be a public Act; and be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, or, other Persons

whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXI.

An Act to expbin and amend so much of an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign

of his prclent Majesty, intituled, An Act to vefl certain Mefijucgcs, Lands, Tenements, and

Hereditaments, in T rufiees, for the better securing his Majestf s Docks, bbifis, and Stores, at

Plymouth and SbccrneF, and fir letter i\(ending the Passage of ike River 1 h..mes at

Gravel:nu ruv/Tilbury Fort, as relates co the Security of Ins Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and

Stores, at Plymouth.

4 IT J H EREAS by an Ac! made in (he last Section of Parliament (intituled, An Act to vefl certain Mj-

fnages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better fediting his ATajcfly's Doeas,

4 Ship:, and Stores, at Plymomh and Sheenefs \ and for bitter d<fending the Pa[jage cj the River 1 bames at

4 Giovefend and Tilbuiy Fort), certain Mellung's, Lands, Tenements, and Pic*editamcn:>, therein men-

4 tioned to be n»in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, were, with other Mcllujges, Lands, 1 ene-

4 ment<, and H redicannents, situate in the Counties t>{ Kent and Essex, veiled in t^e Right Honourable

4 Sir Fletcher No-ton, Kn:ghr, and other Persons therein mentioned, and their Heirs; in Trust neyerrhe-

4 Jess for such Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesnstical or Civil, as, at or imme-

4 diatdy

