A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III.

C. 58.'

355

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be

ingrossed, written, or printed, any Admittance, or Instrument for admitting, of any Fellow of the College

of Physicians, or of any Attorney, Clerk, Advocate, Proctor, Notary, or other Officer or Officers, in any

Court whatsoever in Great Britain (not being an annual Officer in any Corporation or inferior Court,

whole Office is under the Value of ten Pounds per Annum, in Salary, Fees, or other Perquisites), there

(ha’I be charged an addition*] Stamp-duty of forty Shillings:

For every ricce of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed,

written, or printed, any Note or Bill of Lading, which shall be signed for any Goods or Merchandizes to

be exported, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of Four-pence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in-

grofled, written, or printed, any Certificate or Debenture for drawing back any Customs or Duties, or any

Part of any Customs or Duties, for or in respect of the reshipping or exporting of any Goods or Merchan-

dizes, which shall be exported, or shipped to be exported, from Great Britain, for any Parts beyond the

Seas, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of Eight-pence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be.

ingrossed or written, any Citation or Monition, made in any ecclesiastical Court, or any Libel or Allega-

tion, Depofirion, Answer, Sentence, or final Decree, or any Inventory exhibited in any Ecclesiastical

Court, the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports, or whereupon any Copies of them respectively shall be

ingrossed or written, or upon which shall be ingrossed or written any Protest, or any other notorial Act

whatsoever, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-Duty of one Shilling:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in-

grofled-or written any Conveyance, Surrender of Grants or Offices, Release, or other Deed whatsoever,

which shall be enrolled of Record in any of the Courts at Westminster, or in any other Court of Record

whatsoever, or by any Custos Rotulorum, or Clerk of the Peace, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-

duty of two Shillings and Six-pence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in-

gtofled or written any Writ of Covenant for levying Fines, any Writ of Entry for differing a Common

Recovery, and any Exemplification, of what Nature soever, that shall pass the heal of any Court whatfo-

ever, there shall be charged an additional Scamp-duty of five Shillings:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in-

grofled or written any beneficial Warrant or Order, under the Sign Manual of his Majesty, his Heirs

or Successors, (except Warrants or Orders for the Service of the Navy, Army, and Ordnance) there shall

be charged an additional Stamp-duty of five Shillings:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be

ingrossed or written any Transfer of Stock in any Company, Society, or Corporation, within Great Britain,

there shall be charged an additional Stamp duty of two Shillings and Three-pence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be

ingrossed, written, or pointed, any Copy of any Surrender of, and Admittance to, any Cuiiom-nght or

Tenant-right Eftafe, not being Copyhold, which shall pass by Surrender and Admittance, or by Admit-

tance on’y, and which shall nor pass by Deed (except such Custom-ri^ht or Tenant-right Estates as shall

nor exceed the clear yearly Value of twenty Shillings), within those Parts of Great Britain called England,

/Vales, and the Town of Berwick uponTweed, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty oi two

Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be

ingrafted, written, or printed, any Surrender of, or Admittance to, any Copyhold Land or Tenement,

(except such Copyhold Lands or Tenements as shall not exceed the clear yearly Value of twenty Shillings),

within those Parts of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upmTiveed, or any

Grant or Lease by Copy of Court Roll, or any other Copy of the Court Roll Of any Honour or Manor

within the said Parts of Great Britain (other than and except the original Surrender to the Ufc of a Will,

and the Court Roll or Books wherein the Proceedings of the Court are entered or inrolled), there shall be

charged an additional Stamp-duty of two Shillings and Sixpence: . ,

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Faper, upon which shall be

ingrossed or written any Bill, Answer, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, Interrogatories, Depoiidons

taken by Commission, or any other Pleading* whatsoever, in the Courts of Chancery, Exchequer, Duchy

Court, and County Palatine Courts, or other Courts of Equity, there shall be charged an additional Sump-

duty of Six-pence;

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of P?per, upon which (Ti311 be in-

grofled or written any Admission into any Corporation or Compiny, or any Matriculation in either pfjth^.

two Universities, there shall be charged an additional Stamp-duty of two Shillings:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, *pon whie^ shall be

ingrossed or written any principal or original Instrument of Surrender or Rdignation, Service or Cognition

of Heirs, Chatter or Seifine of any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, holding Burgage, or

of Burgage Tenure* in Scotland> there dull be charged gn additional Stamp duty-of otic Shilling

Houses, Ac, of Burpge Tenure, Ac, in Scotland, an

jr0Jr

Ou every Admit-

tenet of a Fellow

of the College of

Physiciant, or of

ao Attorney,

Proctor, Sec, an

addi'imal 40 s.

Oo Bills of La-

ding for Goods

to bet farted, ait

additional 4d.

On Certificates

for drawing back

any Duties on

Exportation, an

additional 8 d.

On evert Cita-

tion or M >nition

in any Ecclr fuf-

tical Court, Ac.

an additional 21,

On every Con-

veyance. Surren-

der of Grants,

Sec, inrolled of

Record in sny

Court of Record,

Scc. an additional

28. 65.

On Wri*s of Co-

venant for levy-

ing Fines, Ac.

an additional 5s.

On every benefi-

cial Warrant,

under his Majes-

ly\«$ign Manual,

an additional 5s*

(Exception.)

On every Trans-

fer of Stock in

any Company,

Ac. in Great

Britain, an act-

ditional 29. 3d;

On every Sur-

render of, or Ad-

mittance to, a

Custom cr Te-

nant-right

EiUte, not Co-

pyhold, in Eng-

land Oi\Valef,an

a(Mitiooa<2s. 6^.

(Exception.)

On even Surren-

der of,or Admit-

tance to, any Co-

y y held Eft ate,

(excep-, Ac.) in

England or

Wales, Ac an

audit oual as.dd.

On 'very BiH,

Ar.fAer, Repli-

cation, or other

Headings i®

Court* of Chan-

eery, Exchequer,

Ac. an a Jdukiw. l

6d.

Oorvery Admis-'-

fiomnto any

Corporation,

aa additional as

On every origi-

nal! nftrunr.e/it of

Surrender or Re-

fjgnatior), Char-

ter or Sfiline of

additional*

