298

In case th* Dy-

er- Com '.i y

fh^li • ot c-’d

»t an\ M-'e’ir.g.

th<- »>t\u Pei Ions

attending n y

appoint search-

ers.

If the P*rfona

herein-before

anrhonled still

De^lrfl to ap-

p in: 1 proper

Nu 1 ter of

Sejrcheri, the

C^jaTter Stflioni

may aptoi<U

them.

In all Part! of

BngUnd out of

the Li rr. in afore -

fa id, the Seaich-

cta shall be ap-

puin'ec! by the

Justices at their

General or Char-

ter SetTiOfl i.

Searcher* to be

(Worn.

The Oath.

Penalty on oh-

ftrudting Search-

er?.

Penalties and

Forfeiture* hew

to be recoveitd

*.”d applied.

y

A.D. 1783. Anao vicesimo tertio Georg 11 III. C 15.

p!2cc within'the salt! City as he or they shall think proper; and every such Adjournment shall be 29

vald and effectual as if made or done by ali the Persons ulorctaid.

VliL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case, at any Meeting to be holden for the

Appointment of Searchers as a fore Lid, the said Company of Dyers shall not attend, it shall be lawful

for the Persons hc?ein-before named, or to be appointed to act in the Appointment ot Searchers as afore-

f?.id, or. any three or more of th m, and they ate hereby authoiifed and impowered to appoint such

Perfm or Persons as they fl ail think proper, to he a Searcher 01 Searchers cf Woollen Goods within the

Limits aforesaid; and every Searcher so to appointed shall have the like Power and Authority in all

Rcfpecls to act as a Searcher in purfuante of this Act, as if he had been appointed by the said Company of

Dyers, and the Persons herein before named, or to he appointed as af* relaid.

JX. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it the said Company of Dvers, and the several

Peflbns here:n-before authored to act: in the Appointment of Searcheis, or any inree or more of such

Persons, (lull retule or neglect 10 appoint and continue a proper Number of Perrons to be Searchers as

aforesaid, any two Persons using or cxGrcifing the Trade of a Dyer of Woollen Goods may apply to the

Justices, at any Genera] Quarter Svfiions of the Peace to be hoiben within the Limits aforesaid, and make

C mpLint of such Refusal or Neglect; and it shall be lawful for the Jufhces at such Sessions to make

Knquiry touching the Matter of furh Complaint; and if it shall appear to them that a proper Number of

Searchers for the Purpose aforesaid shall not be appointed, the said Justices shall, and are hereby autho-

ris'd and impowered to appoint such Person or Persons as they shall judge necessary to be a Searcher or

Searchers ot Woollen Goods within the Limits aforesaiJ ; and every Searcher to to be appointed shall

have the like Power-and Authority in all Refpt &s to act as a Searcher in pu; Dance of this Act, as if he had

been appointed by the said Company of Dyers, and the Persons herein-before authorised to act in the

# Appointment of Searchers, or by any three or more of such Persons, in Manner before directed.

X. And, in order to pievent the like F rauds and Abuses in the dying of Woollen Cioods within such

Places as are not within the Limits aloreftiid, be it further enacted, That the Justices of th? Peace, at their

respective General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the respective Counties, Cities,

Towns, and Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales* and Berwick upon 7weed*

(other than within the Limits herein-before mentioned), shall and are hereby required from Time to Time

to appoint such Person or Persons as they shall respectively think proper to be a Searcher or Searchers

within their respective JurifJidtions; and every Person so to be appointed shall be, and is hereby inverted

with the like Power and Authority to act as a Searcher in pursuance of this Act, within the Limits for

which he shall be so appointed, as *re herein before given to any Person who shall be appointed a Searcher

within the City of London, and within the Distance of ten Miles of the said City.

XL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of a£ting as a Searcher

in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath to the Effect following:

4 T DO swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, execute and perform the Trust re-

4 A port'd in me as a Searcher, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-third Year of the

4 Reij>n of his IVLjtfty King George the Third, for rendering more effectual the Provisions contained in an Act

4 of toe thirteenth Tear of King George the Firjiy for pr waiting Frauds and Abuses in the Dying Trade”

Which Oath the Persons By whom he shall be appointed, or any one of them, are or is hereby impowered

to administer.

XII. And bo it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, in any Manner, oppose, obstrud,

hinder, or prevent, any Searcher so to be appointed as aforesaid, in the Executiorfof any of the Powers

hereby vested in him, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten

Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences

against this Act, where the fame shall exceed the Sum of five Pounds, (ha!! or mav be recovered, in the

Name of any Person who shall inform or sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information,

in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVcffninJlcr* wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Proteflion, Wager

of Low, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed ; and that all Penalties and For-

feitures for Offences against this Act, where the fame shall not exceed the Sum of five Pounds, shall,

upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the County, Ciry, Town, or

Place, where the Off* nee shall be committed, either by the ConfeiTion of the Party, or by the Oath of

one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to admi-

nifter), be levied and recovered by Distre-s and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party offending, by

Warrant under the Hand and Sea! of such Justice, directed to any Constable, or other Peace Officer, of

any Ward, Precinct, Panvh, Town, or Place, where the Offender shall inhabit, or can be found (being

within the Junidiciion of inch Justice); and the Overplus, after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the

Charges of inch Distress and Sale, are deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such

Goods and Chattels; and in case Diffident Distitfs cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures

shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice shall, and is hereby authorised and required to cause the Offender

or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time

as such Justices fli3)l think fit, not exceeding three Months; and one Moiety of all Penalties and For-

feiture^ wh ch shall be recovered, by virtue of this Act, from any Person or Persons residing with;n the

City of London, or within the Distance of ten Miles'of the said City, shall go and be paid to the Informer

or Informers and the other Moirty shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner as shall from Time

to Time be direfird by the Persons attending any Meetings to be holden for the Appointment of Searchers

within the City of London, and within ten Miles of the said City, as aforesaid j and the Whole of all

other

