194

Clerk to fix up a

Lift of the Coin*

lrviTioners in the

Court-hout’e,

j/lue Sum-.

Uionfrs, and rt-

gUler Oiders.

Serjeant to Terre

Pieceptl,

Terfins may sue

for Debtv under

40 fi.

How Process

ill all ifi'ue.

If the Debtor,

on being served

viih the S'*nu

mons, shall pay

the Del't, and

Fee% all Pro-

ceedings shall

ft.p.

CommifTirn'TS

may regular

Proceedings of

the Court,

*r»4 administer

OatHf.

Comm'flioncrj,

on Ntn appear-

toce of L>* end-

ant may proceed

ex parte;

C. 37. Anno vicesimo fecundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

Duty, the Commissioners for the Time being, or any nine or more of them, shall meet together in the

Court-house, or some convenient Place, as soon as may be after such Vacancy shall happen, and the ma-

jor Part of the Commissioners so met are hereby authorised and required to chufc and appoint another fit

Person to be Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court during his good Behaviour; and the Clerk or Serjeant so

chosen and appointed shall be, and he and they is and are hereby verted with the I ke Power and Authority

for putting this Act into Execution, as the Clerk or Serjeant hereby named and appointed is or are inverted

with.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk herein-before named and appointed, and his Successors

to be from Time to Time cholen as aforesaid, shall make, and cause to be fixed up in some conlpicuous

Part of the said Court of Requests, a fair and complete Pill in Writing of the Commissiomrs herein-bciorc

named and appointed, and to be elected and appointed in pursuance of this Act; and also shall, and he

and they is and are hereby impowered and required to issue, or cause to be ifl’ued out, all Summonses, At-

tachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, and Pier* p»s. and to register and enter, or cause to be registered and

entered, all causes, Orders, Deciees, and Judgements, and other Acts and Proceedings of the said Courr,

in proper Books, to be by him and them provided and kept from Time to Time for that Purpose: And

that the Serjeant of the faio Court of Requests herein-before named and appointed, and his Successors to

Te from Time to Time chosen and appointed as aforesaid, shall, and he and they is and are hereby im-

powered and required to serve and execute, or ciufe to be served and executed, all such Summonses, At-

tachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, Executions, and Precepts, and to do and perform Ml Inch Acts, Matters,

and Things, as are directed and appointed to be by him done and performed in pursuance of rhi: Act.

IX. And be it further enacted. That from ^nd after the fourth Day of ']u»e% one thousand seven hun-

dred and eighty-two, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever

who now hath or have, or that hereafter (hill or may have, any Debt or Debts, not amounting to forty

Shillings, and exceeding two Shillings, due or owmJ> to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own

Right, or as Executor, Administrator, Guardian, or Trustee, by or from an' other Person or Persons

whomsoever inhabiting or redding within the Juriidiftlon of the said Court of RequdT, or trading and

dealing, or seeking a Livelihood therein, to apply to the Clerk of the said Court, who shall immediately

make an Entry in his Book of the Cause, expressing the Name? of the Parties, and the Sum demanded;

and shall thereupon make out and deliver a Summons in Writing under his Hand, directed to fjch Debtor

or Debtors, specifying the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and the N one or Names of the Party or

Parties demanding the fame, thereby requiring and commanding tuch Deb or or Debtors to appear, at a

certain T ime and Place, before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Demand : And the

Serjeant of the said Court shall forthwith serve or cause the said Summons to be feived upon such Debtor

or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the fame at the Dwelling H<»use or Place of Abode, Lodging,

Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing or working of such Debtor or Debtors w ithin any of

the Parishes or extraparochial Place aforesaid ; and the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them,

shall, upon Proof made of the Service of such Summons, have full Power and Authority, by virtue of

this Act, to make Enquiry concerning such Debt or Debt*, and to pronounce and give such final Sen-

tence or Judgment, ana to make such interlocutory or final Orders and Decrees therein, as to them shall

appear most just and equitable.

X- Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That in case such Debtor or Debtors, on being served with

such Summons, shall forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, into the Hands of the Serjeant or the Creditor, or

to his or her Agent, the Whole of the Debt due and owing, together with the Fee payable to the Clerk for

jfluing such Summons, and the Serjeant for serving the lame, the Receipt of such Serjeant, Creditor, or

Agent, for such Debt, shall flop all further Proceedings of the said Court against such Debtor or

Debtors.

XI. * And, for better regulating the Proceedings of the said Court of Requests, and rendering this Act

-c effectual for the Purports thereby intended/ be »t enacted, That the Commissioners of the said Court of

Requests, or any nine or more of them in Court assembled, shall have full Power and Authority, determined by virtue

of this Act, from Time to Time, and as often as the) shall fee Occasion, to make such Rules or Orders

for better regulating the Practice of the said Court, as to them shall rtem necessary and conducive to the

more effectual Execution of the Purposes of this Act; so as that the said Rules and Orders shall be con-

fident with Equicy, and do not tend to create or establish any Jurisdiftion inconsistent with the true Intent

and Meaning of this Act, but do relate to the Process, Practice, and Method of Proceeding of and in the,

said Court only; according to which Rules and Orders, so from Time to Time to be made, the said

Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall hive full Power and Authority, by virtue of this

Act, to proceed upon, and to hear and determine all Matveis of IXbe, not amounting to the said Sum of

forty Shillings, and exceeding two Shillings, which shall be brought before them by virtue of this Act, and

to make and pronounce such Judgements and Decrees concerning the lame, and award such Costs of Suit,

as to them shall appear agreeable to Equity and good Conscience.

XII. c And for the better Discovery of the Truth, and more solemn Determination of all causes and

( Matters which shall be depending in the said Court of Requests/ be it tun her enafttvi. That it shall

and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them assembled in Court,

and they are hereby impowered to administer, or cause to be admimflered, an Oath or Affirmation to the

Party or Parties, Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, *frd also to such Wirnds or Witneirts

as shall be produced by either Party, and also to the Officers of the Court, and to any Person or Persons

whomsoever, whose Evidence shall to the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them assembled at the

said Court, appear necessary.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That if any Debtor or Debtors, who shall have been duly fummoBcd

as aforesaid, shall without good Cause (to be allowed by the said Court of Requests) refuse or neglect to

