A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the twenty-first Year of the Reign of

George III.

i

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno z i Georgii III.

A N Ad to extend the Provisions contained in an

Ad, passed in the left Session of Parliament

JL (intituled, An Act to prevent any Mischief or In-

convenience which may arise to Sheriffs, Gaolers, Suitors,

Prisoners, or others, by the Pr if oners in several Gaols in the

Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the City of Lon-

don, having been set at Liberty during the late Tumults and

Infur reftions), to Per Ions arrested and bailed since the

Destruction of the said Gaols, and before the fame

shall be repaired, or other Prisons fubstituted in Lieu

thereof.

2. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the

seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and

detain Persons charged with, or suspeftea of, the Grime of

High Treason, committed in any of his Majesty s Colonies or

Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime

of Piracy.

3. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

4. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty

certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for

the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-one.

5. An Act for extending the Provisions of three Acts,

made in the eighteenth, nineteenth, and twentieth

Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, with respect to

bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Prizes taken

from the States General of the United Provinces; for

declaring what Goods shall be deemed Military or Ship

Stores; for regulating the Sale of and ascertaining the

Duties upon East India Goods condemned as Prze in

- the Port of London; for permitting the Purchasers of Prize

Vol. XIV. Parti.

Goods condemned abroad to import such Goods into

this Kingdom, under the like Regulations and Advan-

tages as are granted by Law to Captors themselves; and

for reducing the Duties on Foreign Prize Tobacco.

6. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the

nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian

Thrown Silk in any Snips or Vessels, for a limited Time.

7. An Act to explain ana amend an Act, made in the nine-

teenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

augmenting the Militia.

8. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

9. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore.

10. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors

of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-

ments, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, purchased in

pursuance of two several Acts of Parliament, passed in

the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for securing his Majesty'5 Docks, Ships, and Stores, at

Sheerness and Chatham; and for better defending the

Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury

Fort.

11. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Sea-

men to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on

board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and

Vtflcls.

12. An Act to continue the Duty of one Farthing per

Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act of the twenty-

third Year of the Reign of King George the Second,^r

the more effectual repairing and maintaining the-Piers and

Harbour cf Whitby, in the County of York,

13. An Act for rendering effectual an Act, made in the

eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, for the better Re-

lief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of

Stow, in the County of Suffolk.

14. An Act for raising a certain Sum by way of Annuities,

a* and

