272

Poor Hcufci

where to be

iituaicd.

On what Condi-

tions Lands, &c.

ihdiJ be rented.

^Buildings to he

paid for by the

■Cuardiaw,

VifitoTS and

Guardians im-

powered to bor-

urow Money.

-Vldtors and

rGuardians to be

incorporated.

Their Name,

Incapacitated

Persons impow*

ered to fell

JUndSj &c*

C. 83. Anno vicesimo fecundo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1782.

and {hall provide such Utensils and Materials as they shall think necessary for their Employment, according

to the ti vie Intent and Meaning of this Act. * '

XVIII. And be it further enacted. That the several Poor Houses or Workhouses to be built or provided

under the Authority of this A61, shall be situate within the Parish or Toivnship for which they shall be

used, if single Parishes or Townships, and if several Parishes or Townships shall be united for the Pur-

poses of this Act, they shall be built or provided within one of the Parishes or I'ownships so to he united,

and not in any other Parish, Township, or Place, without the Content of three fourth Parts, in Number

and Value as aforesaid, of such Owners or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within

the fame, first had and obtained, qualified as herein-before mentioned, who shall be assembled at a

fiublick Meeting to be holden in the Manner, and upon the like Notice, herein-before directed for pub-

ick Meetings.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all the Houses, Buildings, and Lands, to be

hired or rented under the Authority of this Act, shall be hired or rented in such Manner, for such Term

or Terms, and on such Conditions, as are specified in the Form of Agreement contained in the said Sche-

dule, N° IV ; and all such Houses, Buildings, and Lands, shall be free from ail parochial and parliamen-

tary Taxes, except such Taxes, and to such Amount, as they were aftefi’ed at the Time they were fiift

taken and applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That when any such Buildings shall be agreed to be erected, repaired,

or fitted up, at the Expence of the Parish, Township, or Place, or Parishes, Townships, or Places, which

shall adopt the Provisions of this Act as aforesaid, the Expences thereof, and of the Purchase of the Land

necessary to be used for that Purpose, shall be paid by the Guardians of the Poor of such Parish, Town-

ship, or Place, or of the Parishes, I'ownships, and Places, where they {hall unite for those Purposes, in the

Proportions to be settled and acijufted by the Persons, and in the Manner, directed by the Agreement to be

made as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Visitor and Guardian of the Poor of any

such Parish, Township, or Place, when such Expences, or their Proportion thereof, shall amount to one

hundred Pounds or upwards, to borrow the fame at Interest, and secure such Money by a Charge upon

the Poor’s Rates of such Parish, Township, or Place, in Sums not exceeding fifty rounds each, for the

greater Ease in discharging the fame, in the Form contained in the said Schedule, N° XI, or to that or

the like Effect ; which Charge shall continue upon the said Rates until the Money so borrowed, and all In-

terest for the fame, shall be fully paid and satisfied ; And the said Guardians and their Successors shall, and

they are hereby required duly to pay and keep down the Interest of such Money so to be borrowed, for the

Use of their respective Parishes or Townships, as the fame {hall become due; and that when the Principal

shall be called for, they may borrow it from some other Person or Persons; and the fame shall be secured to

the Person advancing the fame, by an Alignment of such Security indorsed on the Back thereof, in the

Form contained in the said Schedule, N° XIV, or to that or the like Eft'eft: And that the Poor’s Assess*

ments shall continue at the fame Rate they were when such Poor House was first established under the Au-

thority of this Act, until the Debt so contrafted, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully discharged : And

that the said Visitor and Guardian, in order to expedite such Payments, shall, as so on as the Savings in the

Poor’s Accounts shall amount to a Sum sufficient to pay off and discharge oneof the Sums which shall have

been borrowed, payoff and discharge such Sum, and in like Manner as to all succeeding Savings, until the

whole Debt so contrafted and secured shall be discharged.

XXL And be it further enacted, That the Visitor and Guardian for the Time being of every Parish,

Township, and Place, or of the several Parishes, Townships, and Places which shall be so united as afore-

said, from and after they shall respectively have adopted the Provisions of this Act, shall be, and are hereby*

respectively declared to be one Body Politick and Corporate, and be called by the Name of Visitor and

•Guardian, or Visitors and Guardians} of the Poor for the Parish, Townfiip, or Place of

in the County, &c. of or of the untied Pariftes, Toivnfipi, or Places of

and in the County^ &c. of as the Cafe shall be;

and are hereby authorised and -enabled by that Name to sue and be sued, and to accept, take, and hold, by

PurchafeorLeafe, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of Inheritance, or for Lives or Years, or for

Years determinable on the Death of any Life or Lives, not exceeding in any City or Town one Acre, and

not exceeding in the open Country tweniy Acres of Statute Measure, for the Scite of z House or Houses to

be built, and for Lands to be occupied, for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Corporation is also

hereby authorised and enabled to accept, take, and hold, all voluntary Grants and Donations of Lands,

Tenements, or Heieditaments of Inheritance, or for Lives or Years, or for Years determinable on Lives,

or of personal Property, which shall be made to them for the Use and Benefit of the Poor within such re-

spective Parishes, Townships, or Places.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and mav be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or

Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees inTruft, Commit-

tees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of them-

selves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Ceftuique Trust?, whether Infants*

Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes-covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes-covert,

who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, and to and for every other Person

and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, which shall be necessary to be purchased or rented for the Purposes of this Act, to con-

tract for, fell, and convey, or lease the fame, or any Part thereof, in Manner aforesaid, not exceeding the

Quantity aforesaid, unto the said Visitor and Guardians, their Successors and Assigns, or to such Person or

Persons as they shall nominate and appoint, for the Use and Benefit of such Poor House, and the poor

Persons within such Parishes, Towmhips, and Places respectively, and for all other the Purposes of

this Act.

XXIII, And

\

