A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C. 71, 72. 145

be it further enacted, That the said Court shall and lawfully may hold all such Pleas and Appeals, in the

Manner and with such Powers as it hitherto hath held the fame, and shall be deemed in Law a Court of

Record; and the Judgments therein given shall be final and conclusive, except upon Appeal to his Ma-

jesty, in civil Suits only, the Value of which shall be five thousand Pounds and upwards.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Court aforesaid shall, and is hereby declared to be a

Court to hear and determine on all Offences, Abuses, and Extortions, committed in the Collection of

Revenue, or of Severities used beyond what shall appear to the said Court customary or necessary to the

Cafe, and to punish the fame according to found Discretion, provided the said Punishment does not ex-

tend to Death, or Maiming, or perpetual Imprisonment.

XXIII. And it is hereby enacted, That the Governor General and Council shall have Power and Au-

thority, from Time to Time, to frame Regulations for the Provincial Courts and Councils; and shall,

within six Months after the making the said Regulations, transmit, or cause to be transmitted, Copies of

all the said Regulations to the Court of Directors, and to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of

State; which Regulations his Majesty in Council may disallow or amend; and the said Regulations, if

not disallowed within two Years, shall be of Force and Authority to direct the said Provincial Courts,

according to the Tenor of the said Amendment, provided the fame do not produce any new Expeace to

the Suitors in the said Court.

1 XXIV. And whereas it is reasonable to render the Provincial Magistrates, as well Natives as British

4 Subjects, more safe in the Execution of their Office be it enacted, That no Action for Wrong or Injury

shall lie in the Supreme Court, against any Person whatsoever exercising a judicial Office in the Country

Courts, for any Judgment, Decree, or Order of the said Court, nor against any Person for any Act done

by or in virtue of the Order of the said Court.

the Supreme Court for their

The Governor

General, &c.

may determine

on Appeals, and

/hall be deemed a

Courtof Record

and shall deter-

mine on all Of-

fences commit-

ted in coDetfirg

theRevenuc/cc.

The said Court

mav frame Re-

gulations for the

Provincial

Cou.ts, Arc.

Judicial Officeri

in 'he Country

Courts not liable

to Anions for

Wrongs, Stc% in

Decrees, dec.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case of an Information intended to be brought or moved for

against any such Officer or Magistrate, for any corrupt Act or Acts, no Rule or other Process shall be

made or iftiied thereon until Notice be given to the said Magistrate or Officer, or left at his usual Place of

Abode, in Writing, signed by the Party or his Attorney, one Month, if the Person exercising such Office

shall reside within fifty Miles of Calcutta, two Months if he shall reside beyond fifty Miles, and three

Months if he shall reside beyond one hundred Miles from Calcutta, before the suing out or serving the fame;

in which Notice the Cause of Complaint shall be fully and explicitly contained ; nor shall any Verdict be

given against such Magistrate, until it be proved on Trial that such Notice hath been given, and in De-

fault of such Proof, a Verdict with Costs shall be given for the Defendant.

XXVI. And be it further enacted. That no Magistrate shall be liable, in any such Cafe, to any per-

fonal Caption or Arrest, nor shall be obliged to put in Bail, until he shall have declined to appear to an-

fwer after Notice given as directed by this Act, and Service of the Process directing his Appearance by

himself or his Attorney.

4 XXVII. And whereas certain Natives of India residing at Patna, by the Names and Descriptions of

4 Mir Burcut Vila, and Gullam Mucdum, Men of the Law, attendant on the Provincial Council of Patna>

4 and a Native of Hindojlan, called Behader Beg, are now, and have been for upwards of two Years, im-

4 prisoned at Calcutta, in Execurion for Damages recovered against them in certain Actions in the said

4 Supreme Court: And whereas, through Ignorance or other Misapprehension of the Law, the Time

4 during which an Appeal might have been presented to his Majesty in the Privy Council hath expired

be it therefore enacted, That the said three Persons shall be forthwith discharged from the said Imprison-

ment by the Person or Persons in whose Custody they now are, or shall be, by virtue of the said Execu-

tions, on Security being given for the Damages recovered ; which Security the Governor General and

Council are hereby required to cause to be given on their Behalf; and that it shall be competent to appeal

to his Majesty in Council against the aforesaid Judgment, in like Manner, and to the fame Efftft, as if

such Appeal had been presented within the Time for that Purpose limited by the Charter.

4 XXVIII. And whereas, in the late' Diflenfions between the Governor General and the Judges in

4 Bengal, many Things have been done not justifiable by the drift Rules of the Law ;* it is hereby fur-

ther enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor General and Council, and

Advocate General, are jointly and severally, and all Persons acting under their Orders, so far as the fame

relates to the Refinance to any Process of the Supreme Court, from the first Day of January, one thou-

sand seven hundred and seventy-nine, to the first Day of November, one thousand kven hundred and

eighty, be, and are hereby indemnified, discharged, and saved harmless from any Action, Suit, or Pro-

fecution whatsoever, for or on account of the said Disobedience and Resistance to the Execution of the

Orders of the said Court.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for vesting the Parish Church of Saint Christopher le Stocks, in the City of London, and the Ma-

terials and Site thereof, and the Church-yard thereto adjoining, in the Governor and Company of the

Bank of England, and their Successors for ever; and for uniting the said Parish to the Parish of Saint

Margaret Lothbury, in the said City.

CAP. LXXII.

No Role, &e.

fh.»}| be m*de on

Infi>rm3tion

ag’ir.ll any such

Officer, until

proper Notice

has been given

to him.

No such Ma-

gistrate liable to

Arrest, until he

(hill have de-

clined to appear

to answer, 6cc.

Certain Nativer,

Pnfoneis in Cal-

cutta, to be

discharged,

on Security be-

ing given for

Damages by the

Governor Gene-

ral and Council.

The Governor

General, Sic in-

demnified for

refilling the Exe-

cution of the

Orderr of the

Supreme Court,

An Act for the better maintaining and regulating of the Poor within the Town of Plymouth Docky and

Parish of Stock Damarell, in the County of Devon ; and for paving, cleansing, and watching the Streets,

Lanes, and Passages*'and removing and preventing Incroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and

regulating the Drivers of Coaches, Chaises, and Carts, and also Chairmen and Porters, within the said

Town.

Voi.XIV. Parti.

U

ed^yj^p,

.

