*9* An Act to enable Charles Duke of Norfolk, and others,

to grant Building or Repairing Leases of certain Tene-

ments. Houses, and Grounds, in the Parish of Saint Cle-

ment Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and in or near

the Town of Arundel, in the County of Sussex*

30. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement be-

tween the Dean and Chapter of Saint Paul’s, London, and

the College of Doctors of Law exercent in the Ecclesiaf-

tical and Admiralty Courts, for vetting certain Tene-

mchts in the City of London, called Doctors Commons, held

by the said College under the said Dean and Chapter by

Leases for Years in the said College in Fee Simple, and

reserving thereout a certain yearly Rent to the said Dean

and Chapter* and their Successors for ever.

31. An Act to enable Sir William Ahdy Baronet, to grant

Leases of his Estate at Horsey Down, in the County of

Surrey.

3*. An Act for vetting such Parts of the real Estates of

James Tembler Esquire, deceased, as lie in the Counties

of Hants, Wilts, and Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold, and

for laying out the Money arittng by such Sale in the Pur-

chafe of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses and for

the Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act for vetting Part of the settled Estates of John

Luther Esquire, in the County of Southampton, in the said

John Luther in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of

greater Value in lieu thereof.

34. An Act to vest in Trustees, and their Heirs, certain

Estates of John Hanbury Williams Esquire, situate in the

County of Monmouth, in order to be sold, and the Pur-

chafe Money applied upon the Trusts and for the Pur-

poses in the said Act mentioned.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields in the Manor and Parish of Kingjomborn, in

he County of Southampton.

36. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open Common

Fields, Common Meadows, Open Common Downs*

Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the fe-

veral Parishes of Odjlock, Homington, Weft Harnbam,

and Netherbampton, and certain Open Lands lying at the

East End of the said Parish of Homington, in the County

of Wilts.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing fevera] Open Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures*

Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and

Parish of Boilftone, in the County of Derby.

38. An Act for the better ordering and regulating the Man-

ner of feeding, using, cultivating, and enjoying several

Commonable and Waste Grounds, lying in Chatteris, in

the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for obli-

ging the Occupiers of certain Parts of the said Ground*

to fence the fame.

39. An Act to establish an Agreement for extinguishing the

Right of Common upon certain Waste Grounds, and for

enfranchiiing certain Customary Estates, within the Ma-

nor of Johnoy, in the County of Cumberland.

40. An Act to diiTolve the Marriage of Andrew Bayntum

Esquire, with Lady Maria Coventry, his now Wife, and

to enable him to marry again, and for other Purpose*

therein mentioned.

41. An Act for naturalizing Jfaac Lewis Mtol*

42. An Act for naturalizing Margaretta Philltppina Wald

and Mary Pemberton.

43. An Act for confirming, establishing, and making effec-

tual, the Inclosure of the Open and Common Fields,

Commonable Lands, Cow Pasture, Heath, and Waste

Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Hartwell, in the

County of Oxford.

44. An Act to effectuate a Partition or Division of certain

Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of

Wilts, heretofore the Estates of Jonathan Power Esquire,

deceased.

