43®

Fe-s to Deputy

Cleric aftctt-ia-

€d.

Ko CommilLft-

cr or Officer to

where inter-

efted,or who /hall

fell Ale, &c.

Ko Attorney to

beaCommiiTwn-

er, or entitled to

any Privilege in

this Court, or

employed as Ad-

vocate.

Personi insulting

the Court to be

filed*

Copy of forrgb-

inp Clause to be

hung up in the

Court.

No Debt under

4C5, and up-

wards of it. tO

be sued for in

*oy 0 her Court,

t*cept in Dovor

Court of Record.

Saving tba

Rights of the

Court of Record

1 Dovor*

Court not to in-

terrupt or hino r

the iranfaOing

ffe public Huri-

P«f« of the Tovuj.

in the Ouiidfiilk

t

C. S. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii IIL Seffi r.

recovered (if notfnid on Demand) in like Manner as any Debt or Costs can or may be levied or recovered

by virtue of this Act; and such Offence shall also be deemed a Mifoehaviour in such Officer.

XXV. And, in order to make Satisfaction to the Deputy Clerk of the said Court, so to,be appointed as

aforesaid, for his Trouble and Services in the Execution of this Act, be it further enacted, 'That when-

ever the said Deputy Clerk shall attend the said Court, in the Stead or Absence of the Clerk, the fa d

Deputy Clerk shall be entitled to, and shall have and receive, one Half Part of the Fees payable by virtue

of this Act to the Clerk of the said Court, for all the Business which shall be done and transadlcd in the said

Court, upon all such Days as the said Deputy Clerk shall so attend, and the other Half Part of the said

Fees shall be paid to the said Clerk: Provided always. That in case the Clerk to the said Court shall pay to

the Deputy Clerk the Sum of thirteen Shillings and four Pence, upon any Court Day previous to the

fitting of the Court, for his Trouble in attending the Court, in the Stead or Absence of the said Clerk,

upon that Day, then the fame shall be accepted by the Deputy Clerk, in full for such his Attendance; and

the Clerk (lull be entitled to, and shall be paid, the whole of the Fees payable by virtue of this Act to the

Clerk, for the Business which shall on that Day be done and transacted in the said Court, and upon every

other Day on which the said Sum of thirteen Shillings and four Pence shall have been paid as aforesaid;

any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, T hat no Person shall be capable of

acting as a Commissioner, or as a Clerk, Deputy Clerk, or Serjeant, in pursuance of this Adh, in any Cafe

where he shall be concerned in Interest, or who shall keep any Victualling House, or other House of pub-

lick Entertainment, or shall fell Ale, Wine, Cyder, or Spirituous Liquors, by Retail; and that no At»*

torney at Law or Solicitor shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act,

unless he shall be the Mayor, or one of the Jurats, or Common Council Men of the said Town and Pore;

and that no Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, appearing in the said Court, shall be allowed to plead or main-

tain any Privilege against the Process, Authority, jurifuidtion, or Judgement thereof; nor (lull any At-

torney at Law or Solicitor be admitted to appear, in the said Court as Attorney or Advocate cn the Behalf

of any Plaintiff or Defendant, to speak in any Cause or Matter before the said. Court, in which fetch At-

torney or Solicitor is not himself a Party or Witness.

XXVII. And, for better enforcing the Orders and Decrees of the said Commissioners, and for prevent-

ing Insults and Abuse in the said Court, be it further enacted, That if any Person shall affront* ihfult, or

abuse, the said Commissioners, or any of them, or any of their Officers, in the said Court, or in Exe-

cution of their respective Offices, or shall interrupt or disturb any of die Proceedings of the said Court, or

shall obstruct, hinder, or prevent the Execution of any Process thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Com-

missioners, or any three or more of them, to cause a Warrant to be issued by the Clerk or Deputy Clerk of

the said Court, directing the Serjeant of the said Court to apprehend the Person so offending, and to take

him or her before the said Mayor, or any Justice of the Peace, for the said Town and Port; and such

Mayor or Justice is hereby impowered, upon the Offence alledged again# fvich Person being proved by the

Oath of any credible Witness, to impose any Fine, not exceeding twenty Shillings, on the Person so of-

fending; which Fine shall be immediately paid into the Hands of the said Mayor or Justice, and shall be

paid by him to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish wherein the Person committing the said Offence

shall reside, to be applied to the Use of the Poor of the same Parish; and in case the Person who shall have

committed such Offence shall not pay such Fine as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Mayor or Justice,

by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender to the said Gaol, there to remain lor any

Time not exceeding seven Days, or until he or she shall have paid the said Fine.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk or Deputy Clerk of the said Court shall cause a

Copy of the last preceding Clause to be hung up on some conspicuous Part of the said Court, to the Intent

that no Person may plead Ignorance of the Purport thereof.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Action or Suit for any Debt

not amounting to forty Shillings, and being upwards of two Shillings, and recoverable, by virtue of this

Ad, in the said Court of Requests, shall be brought against any Person residing or inhabiting within the

Jurisdiction thereof, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Rtcord at wejhniufter, or elsewhere, or in any Court

whatsoever, other than the said Court of Requests, and the Court of Record hrrein-after mentioned; and

that no Suit which shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests in purfuarxe of this A-dff nor any

Proceedings which shall be had therein, shall or may be removed or removeable, by Certiorari or other-

wife, into any other Court whatsoever; but that the Judgements, Decrees, and Proceedings, of the said

Court of Requests shall be final and conclusive to all Inteutsand Purposes.

4 XXX. And whereas the Mayor and Jurats, Justices of the Peace of and for the said Town and Port,

4 are, by Charter or Prescription, fully enabled to hold a Court of Record in the Guildhall of the said

Town and Port, at their own dated Times, for the Trial of all Civil Actions arising within the said

Town and Port, and the Liberties and Precindis thereof \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore-

said, That nothing in this Adf contained dial I extend to affect, lessen, or take away, any of the Rights,

Privileges, Franchises, Liberties, Powers, or Jurisdictions, of the said Court of Record, but that the

fame, and all other the Rights and Privileges of the Mayor and Jurats of the said Town and Port, shall

remain and continue in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been

made.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall

extend to prevent or hinder the holding of any Courts of Justice, or transacting any other publick Business

of the said Town and Port, within the Guildhall, or any other Places appointed or to be appointed within

the said Town and Port, for theliolding of such Courts of Justice, or transacting any publick Business

within the same*

XXXIL And

