A.D. 17 82.Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 42—45. 205

Jendar Months after he (hill cease to hold or execute any of the Offices aforesaid, contrary to the true

Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Votes so given shall beheld null and void to all Intents and Purposes

whatsoever, and every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety

thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to be immediately paid into the Hands of the Trea-

surer of the County, Riding, or Division, within which such Offence (hill have been committed, in that

Part of Great Britain called England; and into the Hands of the Cleric of the Jufbces of the Peace of the

Counties or Stewart ries, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to be applied and Jifpufed of to such

Purposes as the Justices at the next General Quarter Session of the Peace to be field for such Count}',

Stewartry, Riding, or Division, shall think fit; to be recovered, by any Person that shall sue for the same,

by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at JVejhnin;ury

in which no Essoin, Piotedfion, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be

allowed; or by summary Complaint before the Court of Session in Scotland^ and the Person convicted on

any such Suit lhalJ thereby become d i fa bled and incapable of ever beating or executing any Office or Place

of Trull whatsoever under his Majesty, his Heirs and SuccefI >rs.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed Not to extend to

to extend, to any Person or Persons for or by reason of his or their being a Commissioner or Commissioners

of the Land Tax, or for or by reifon of his or theirjicling by or under the Appo irmenc of such Com- *or p”rfoni

missioners of the Land Tax, for the Purpm'c of aflcfJing, levying, collecting, receiving, or managing the acting undsr

Land Tax, or any other Rates or Duties already granted or imposed, or which shall hereafter be granted or them;

imposed, by Authority of Pai Lament. ‘ nor to Office*

III. Piovdedallo, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, orbecon- held by Lettm

strutd to extend, to any Office now held, or utually granted to be held, by Letters Patent for any Effate of patent for any

Inheritance or Freehold.

IV. Provided always, and be it ena<fled by the Au’hority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained

■.tend to any Person who shall re fig n his Office or Employment on or before the said first Day of Ju{

exte

one thousand seven hundred and ciguty-two.

shall

g“jn

ce» beferc

Eft.te of Inhe-

ritance j

nor to Person*

who shall re-

sign the:r Offi»

Aug. i, 17S*.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be liable to any Forfeiture or Penalty by this Limitation of

Act laid or imposed, unless Prosecution be commenced within twelve Months after such Penalty or Forfei- Ashonu

ture shall be incurred.

CAP. XLII.

An A£ for building a Stone Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the Paiifh of Ealing, in the County*

of Midu Uefex, to the oppofice Shore in the Hamlec of Kew, in the County of Surrey.

CAP. XLIIL

An Act for making a Passage for Carriages from Spitalfields to BifJoopfgatestreet, in the County of Mid-

d-efex, and for paving the fame; and for appropriating to those Purposes the Money arisen by virtue of

an Act, p.died in die eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, for applying the Sum of nine thousand

Pounds, to aiife out of the Orphans Fund, for making such Passage.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for amending the Pavement in, and for lighting some of the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Places,

in the Parishes of Snint AJagaret and Saint "John the Evangel']}, in Westminder, which are at prese.oc

excluded from the Privisions of an Act, passed in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, intituled,.

An Act to amend and render more effectual everal Acts made relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting, the

Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of YVeflminster, and Parts adja-

cent; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in or near the fame; and for making an Opening

from Orchard Street, and widening some Parc of IVaod Street, and of Little Peter Street.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for restraining any Person concerned in any Contract, Commi.Tion, or Agreement,.

made for the Public Service, from being ekfted, or fitting and voting as a Member of

’ the House of Commons.

FOR further seeming the Freedom a’ffi Independence of Parliament, be it enacted by the King’s-

rnoft Excellent ALjrffiy, by ard with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, 7 hat, from and perf»ns h fein

after the End of this present Session of Parliament, any Person who shall, directly or indirectly, himself, contra as for' "he

or by any Perfun wh tsoever in Trull for him, or for his Use or Benefit, or on his Account, undertake, Pubiick service,

execute, hold, or enjoy, in the Whole or in Part, any Contract, Agre ment, or Commission, made or

cntere4d into with, under, or from the Cormrvffioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or of the Navy or Vic-

tualling Office, or with the Mailer General or Board of Ordnance, or ’with any one or more of such

Commissioners, or with any other Person or Persons whatsoever, for or on account of the Pubiick Service or

shall knowingly and willingly furnlfhor provide, in pursuance of any such Agreement, Contraft, or Com-

mission, which he or they shall have made or enteicd into as aforesaid, any Money to be remitted abroad.

Preimblf,

After thr End of

this Sr Ifj n, alt

shall be nca-

ptble of bi-in%

eledei, or fit-

ting »n -h*

House of Co.ti-

moDt.

3oogIe

