The TITLES of

with Benjamin Planner, and others, relating to certain

Waste Lands, and other Lands, in the Parish of Egham,

in the County of Surrey, and for vesting the fame in the

Laid John Pitt, and his Heirs, in Trust for his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, and to effectuate the other Pur-

poses therein mentioned.

10. An Act for discharging Part the settled Estates of

John BurridgeCholwich Esquire, in the County of Devon,

from the Ules and Trusts of his Marriage Settlement,

and for settling other Estates in the said County, in lieu

thereof.

11. An Act for discharging the Manor of Imley otherwise

Evenley, and divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and

Hereditaments, in Imley otherwise Evenicy aforesaid, and

elsewhere in the County of Northampton > Part of the

Estate of Sir Francis Baffety of Tehidy Parky in the

County of Cornwall Baronet, from the Ules, Estates,

andTrufts, declared concerning the fame, in and by

the last Will and Testament of Francis Bafj'ety late of

Tehidy Park aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, and for settling

another Manor and other Lands and Hereditaments of

greater Value in lieu thereof to the like Uses.

i*. An Act to ditto) ve the Marriage of John Newton Esquire,

with Catharine Seymour, his now Wife, and to enable

him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

13- An Act for vesting the Freehold and Inheritance in Fee

of Part of the Ettaies heretofore of the Right Honour-

able Henrietta Cavendish Holies, Countess of Oxford,

and Countess Mortimery deceased, in Trustees in Trust,

to sell and dispose of so much thereof as may be sufficient

to pay off and discharge the Debts, Legacies, and other

remaining Incumbrances affecting the Whole of the

Estates lare of her the said Countess, which were deviled

by her Will, and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

J4. An Act for vesting in Trustees a competent Part of the

settled Estates of the Most Noble Henry Duke of New-

cojile, in the Pari (lies of Saint Clement Danes, and Saint

Giles in the Fields, for the Purpose of raising on Mort-

gage, or otherwise, such Surm of Money as shall be

found expedient to be raised and applied for making and

opening a new Street therein mentioned, from the East

End of the New Church in the Strand, to the South End

of Stanhope Street, and for defraying all neceiiiry Costs,

Charges, and Expepces, attending me lame.

15. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of Robert late

Kail of Holderncjfe, deceased, in th County of York, in

Tiuftces, for a Term of Years, for raising and Payment

0} the Sum of five thousand Pounds, charged by the

Will of the said Earl on his laid E'iates.

16. An Act for Sale of an annual Fee Farm Rent of one

hundred Pounds, payable to th* Sec of Ely, out of cer-

tain Estates in and near Hatton Garden, in the County of

Middlesex, and for applying the Money to arise from

such Sdle in Manner therein mentioned.

17. An Act for enabling the Trustees for Sale of Part of

the settled Estates of John Newnham Esquire, in the

Counties of Huntingdon, Miduhj'ex, and Su{Jexy and in

the Cities ft London and Canterbury, to make an Indem-

nity to the Purchasers of certain Parts thereof, against

the perpetual Annual Sums or Payments to which such

Parts are liable.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Com-

monable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish

of /Vinjlonty in the County of Gloucester.

!? An Act for dividing, and allotting in Severalty, the

Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Mea-

dows* Common Pastures* and Commonable Places*

the STATUTES.

within the Parish of Kingston Deverilly in the County of

mits.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Carr or Common

called Thormanby Carry within the Parish of Thormanby,

in the North Riding of the County of York.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable

Lands and Grounds, within the Townshipof Bolam, in

the Parish of Gainford, in the County of Durham.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable

Lands and Grounds, in the Manor of Calverton, with

the Weft Side of Stoney Stratford, in the County of

Buckingham.

23. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable

Places, in the Parish of Orton on the Hilly in the County

of Leice/lery and the Lands within the Ring of the said

Fields, reputed to belong formerly to the Abbey of

Me rev ale.

24. An Act for dividing, including, and allotting certain

Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being

within the Parish of JVookey, in the County of Somerset.

25. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea-

dows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of

and within the Parish of Great Creatony in the County of

Northampton, and the Hamlet of Little Creaton> in the

Parish of Spratton, in the said County.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of

Stanton Saint Shiintiny in the County of IVilts.

27. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea-

dows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds of

and within the Manors and Liberties of Piddington and

Hackleton, in the Paiifh of Piddingtony in the County of

Northampton.

28 An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain -

Open and Common F ields, Common Meadows, Com-

mon Partures, and Common Downs, in the Hamlet or

Tything of East'tngton otherwise Northleach Foreigny in

the Manor of EaJting ton, and Parish of Northleach, in

the County of Gicucester.

29 An Act for inclosing and leafing a Piece of Waste Land*,

called The Marjhy within the Parish and Borough of

NewcajUe under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and ap-

plying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rates of

the said Parish and Borough.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Common-

able Places, within the Lordship or Liberty of Sandiacre9

in the County of Derby.

31. An Act for confirming a certain Piece of Ground, Part

of the Common of Norwood, in the Parish of Batcombe%

in the County of Somerset, to the Rector of the said Pa-

rish; and for vesting the fame, together with an addi-

tional Piece of Ground, other Part of the said Common*

in him and his Successors, in lieu of all Right of Com-

mon and Tithes belonging to the Rectory of Batcombef

in or within the said Common of Norwoods and for con-

firming all the several other Parts of the said Common

to the several Proprietors thereof, discharged of all Right

of Common and Tithes belonging to the said Rectory.

32. An Act for vesting the Estates Ute in Jointure to Dame

Sarah Fowler Widow, in Trustees, to be sold, conveyed*

and settled, pursuant to a Decree of the Court of

chequer.

33. An Act for naturalizing Henry Eggers+

