A.D. 1782.. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 84—87,

%■

for Manufacture, and of the Goods manufactured there; which shall be laid before the Guardians at their

Monthly Meeting, and before the Vifiror whenever he comes to such House.

Sixth. That the Governor shall visit the several Persons maintained in such House or Houses, and their

Apartments, once at Jeaft in every Day; and (hdl take Care that there »s no Waite of Fire, Candles, or

Provisions; and shall fee that the Fires and Candles are put out at the H urs fixed for such Persons going

to Bed, which shall be at eight of the Clock between Michaelmas and Lady day, and nine between Lady-

day and Michaelmas.

Seventh. That when any Person shall die in the House, the Governor shall take Care that the Body of

such Person be immediately removed into (ome fepa/ate Apartment, and be decently buried, as soon as con-

veniently may be; and also take Care of the CJoaths and Goods of such Person, and deliver them to the

Guardian of the Poor of the Parish or Place to which such Person did belong, who is to pay the Charges

of the Funeral of such poor Person,

Eighth. That no poor Person be permitted to go out of the Poor House, nor any Person permitted to

come into such House or Houses, except the Persons maintained and employed there, without the Permis-

fion of the Governor; and that no Spirituous Liquor be permitted to be drank in such House or Houses ;

and that no other Liquors shall be brought thither, without the Permission of the said Governor.

Ninth. That the Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws shall be publickly read by the Governor to all the poor

Persons kept in such House or Houses, once at least in every Month.

Tenth* That all the poor Persons able to go to Church, shall attend Divine Service every Sunday.

Eleventh. That the Governor shall difmils from the Poor House, or Workhouse, every Person who shall,

in the Opinion of the Guardian or Guardians, be thought improper to continue longer there, and upon an

Order from him or them for that Purpose.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, Part of the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the

County of Middlesex, and such Part of Old Bondfireet as lies within the Parish of Saint James, in the.

said County; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for the Improvement of Portman Square, within the Parish of Saint Mary le Boney in the County

of Middlesex.

CAP. LXXXVD

An Act for explaining and amending two Acts, one made in the eleventh, and the other in the seventeenth

Year of his present Majesty, for paving certain Streets in the Parishes of Saint John of Wappingy and

Saint George in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes; and for extending the Provisions of the

said Acts to other Parts of the said rarilhes, and also for opening certain Communications within the

said Parish of Saint George.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for paving, and freeing from Nuisances and Annoyances, the several Streets, Ways, and Places,

within the Parish of Saint Anne, in the County of Middlesex, and §hieen-street and Landon-fifeety in the

Hamlet of Ratcliffey within the said Parish; and for making Ways or btreets Into the Street called Riffs

| Rope-ground, and through or across Shoulder of Mutton Alley, and a Street called Ropemaker’s Fields, to

Three Colt Street, and from the Bridge in the said Street called Riffs Rope-ground into Three Colt Street.

aforesaid.

