A* D. 1781. Anno vicesimo prirtio Georgii III. C. 241 23

Which said several Rates and Duties upon the said several Sorts of Pa per, and other the Commodities Dmiutotepaid

last-mentioned, to be made in Great Britain, shall be truly paid by the Makers thereof respectivehr, ac- ^ ^ Makenj

cording to the Dimensions, Denominations, and Values, in the several Tables annexed, and herein-before

feveralTy described and expressed. ^

III. And, for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, railing, levying, and Securing the said

€ Rates and Duties by this Act imposed,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates to be under

and Duties by this Act made payable upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, made in the Manage.

England, lVales% or the Town of Berwick uton Tweedy shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioner*

Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty *s Revenue of Excise in England for the Time being; and the of gxcifr jn

Rates and Duties by this Act made payable upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, made England and

\n Scotland, shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty’s Scotland respec-

Revenue of Excise in Scotland for the Time being; and all Monies arising by and in respect of the said t,veiy*'

Rates and Duties, the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted, shall be paid

and applied to the same Uses and Purposes, and in like Manner, and under such Regulations, as the

Money arising by the Duties hereby repealed were by the several Acts appropriated unto and directed to

be paid and applied.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several and respective Rates and The new Dutle*

Duties herein-before granted on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, to be made in Great to be lubjea to

Britain, £ha)l be moreover subject and liable to an additional Duty or Impost of ten Pounds per Centum on n^of'io per

the Produce and Amount thereof; and that such additional Duty or Impost of ten Pounds per Centum shall Crn<# rn °he

be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, Produce thereof.

Powers and Authorities, Ways and Means, Penalties and Forfeitures, as the additional Duty or Charge

of five Pounds per Centum granted to his Majesty by an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of

the several Duties under the Management - of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great

Britain, are directed to be collected and paid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Ream of Paper chargeable by this Act

shall be understood to consist of twenty Quires, and each Quire of twenty-four Sheets, save and except

the Ream of Double Demy for Newspapers, mentioned in Table Three, which shall be understood to

consist of twenty Quires, and each Quire to contain twenty five Sheets; and that a Bundle of Paper

chargeable by this Act shall be understood to consist of forty Quires, and each Quire to consist of twenty*

four Sheets, except as before excepted; and that all Sorts of Paper of the respective Dimensions and Va-

lue of the Paper chargeable by this Act, under the respective Denominations aforesaid, with the respective

I^ates and Duties hereby granted, shall be charged and chargeable with the fame respective Rates and

Duties, although the fame Denominations (by which they are now usualiy known) should be altered, or

by whatsoever other Name or Names the fame, or any of them, now are, or hereafter shall or may be

called or known.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Paper whatsoever made in Great

Britain shall, when perfectly made and fit for Use, be made up, by the respective Makers thereof, in

Reams, and in no other Form or Quantity, except only in such Cafes where the Paper or Papers so made

are herein-before directed to be made in Bundles, and are rated accordingly; and if any such Maker of

Paper shall, at any Time, make up for Sale any Paper by him made in any other Quantity than in Reams

or Bundles aforesaid, every such Maker shall, for each Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds,

and also all the Paper so made up contrary to the Directions of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time hereafter it shall hap-

pen that any new Fabric, or Sort or Kind of Paper, other than such as are already known, and other than

such as are enumerated and described in the Tables herein -before mentioned, shall be made in Great Britain,

such Paper or Papers shall be charged and chargeable with, and shall pay the several and respective Duties

which are by this Act charged upon, and payable for, the Sorts of Paper which are neared above in Size

and Goodness to such new Fabric, Sort, or Kind of Paper, and the Makers thereof shall pay the fame

accordingly; and if any such Maker or Makers of such new Fabric, Sort, or Kind of Paper, shall neglect

or refuse to pay the Duties so charged and chargeable on the fame respectively, then, and in every such

Cafe, such Papers shall be charged and chargeable with the Duty after the Rate of eighteen Pounds per

Centum for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of the fame, to be estimated, upon the

Oath or Affirmation of the Maker or Makers thereof, in Manner herein-after directed; and the Maker

thereof shall pay the fame accordingly.

VIII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Values of such Paper

made in Great Britain as is to pay Duty ad valorem, as aforesaid, Dial), in all Cafes, be taken to be so much

as such Paper shall be worth to be sold (so soon as the fame is perfectly made), from Time to Time, at

London, without respect to the Duty to be charged thereupon; and the Collector of Excise for the Time

being shall receive the said Duties payable ad valorem, for such Paper accordingly, upon the Oath of the

Maker or Makers of such Paper, according to the best of their Knowledge and Belief, unless such Maker

be a known Quaker; and the solemn Affirmation of such Maker to the fame Effect, in care he or she be a

known Quaker, shall and may be taken instead of such Oath; which Oaths and Affirmations to ascertain

the Value of such Paper so to be charged, and all other Oaths by this Act directed, shall and may be ad-

ministered by the proper Collector or Supervisor of the District or Division where such Paper is made,

without any Fee or Charge for the fame.

IX. And, for the more effect ual preventing Frauds that may be practised in the Valuation of any un-

4 rated Papers, or of any new Fabric, or Sort, or Kind of Papers which shall be charged and chargeable

1 With a Rate or Duty ad valorem in Manner herein-before directed and prescribed, and to the End that

fall/

VipA

What shall be

deem-d a Bundle

of Paper, a

Ream, and a

Qiii/C.

All Paper to be

nude up in

Reams and Bun-

dle?, ajTffaole

to the D rer-

tuns of this Act,

on Penalry of

col. and For-

feiture of the

Paper.

How the Dutiet

/hall be paid for

any new Fabric

or Kind of Pa*

per.

How the Value

of such Paper

/hall be settled

which is to p?y

Duty ad valo-

rem.

.ogle

