A.D. i$8i. Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III.

C. 56.

93f

,

13

'■I

ry

[ii

?cf

Gt

Ki

’c!, V

fii 1

no:

’:b

M*

50:

n?:»

r> ,

»u-

’ tlsf '

it

:i'3l

V!:

rtf .

'lV■'

n>’:

Li'*

A - ‘

I*

iff.

*A

Y>:

aft

determined by -

kY

for rc£li

M liijKC

c said Act of the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign was provided and made, and the Word

Tallow was, through Mistake, omitted to he inle/ted in the said ProvifoP Now, for correcting and

amending the said Mistake, be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That by the Cl

Word Candles in the said Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, was meant Tallow Candles f>,n-a*

only; and that from and after the passing of this present Act, the Produce and Amount of the Duties on' 0

all Candles made in Great Britain (except Tallow Candles), shall be liable to, and shall be charged with, Scluwu*

the said additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum, imposed by the said Act of this prcjttit Stifion of Par-

liament s any Thing in the said Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. LVL

An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Almanacks printed on one

Side of any one Sheet or Piece of Paper; and for allowing a certain annual Sum out of

the said Duty to each of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge^ in lieu of the Money

heretofore paid to the said Universities, by the Company of Stationers of the City of Lon~

don, for the Privilege of printing Almanacks.

WHEREAS Almanacks, printed on one Side only of anyone Sheet or Piece of Paper, are no* Preambled

4 W subject to the fame Duties as are imposed on other primed Almanacks, by rea'on whereof great

1 Evasions have been practised, to the Injury of the fair Trader, and the Decrease of his Majesty’s Re-

4 venueV therefore we, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain,

in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be* it enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That,

from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the

Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every

Almanack or Calendar, for one particular Year, or for any d ime less than a Year, primed on one Side

only of any one Sheet or Piece of Paper, over and above the Duties now charged thereon, an additional

Duty of Two-pence; and for every Almanack or Calendar so printed, and made to serve for several Years,

the said additional Duty for every such Year.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more effectual levy-

ing, colliding, and paying the said additional Duty herein-before granted, the lame shall be under the

Government, Care, and Management, of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage

the Duties charged on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are

hereby required and impowered to employ the necessary Officers under them lor that Purpose; and tocause

such new Stamps to be provided to denote the said Duty as shall be requisite in that Behalf; and to do

all other Things necessary to be done for putting tins Ad in Execution with relation to the said Duty

herein-before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner, as they, or the major Part of

them, are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and

Paper.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, to prevent the Mul-

tiplication of Stamps or Marks upon such Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which Aim-macks are to be

printed, and upon which several Duties are by several Acts of Parliament imposed, it shall and may be

lawful for the said Commissioners, instead of the distinct Stamps or Marks directed to be provided to denote

the several Duties on such Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which Almanacks are to be printed, to caule one

new Stamp or Mark to be provided, to denote the said several Duties.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Stamp or Mark, as the fail Com-

miilioners are hereby directed and authorised to provide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed in

such Manner as any other Stamps or Marks on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are, by any former Law re-

lating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, directed to be altered and renewed.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Almanack or Calendar shall

be printed in such Manner, that forne Part of such Printing shall be upon the Stamp or Mark which shall,

in pursuance of this Act, be imprelled upon the Paper whereon the fame shall be printed; and if any

Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, print, or cause to be printed, any Almanack

or Calendar otherwise than as aforesaid, or shall fell, or expose to Sale, any such Almanack, before the

paper whereupon such Almanack shall be printed shall have been duly marked, and upon which the Stamp

or Mark herein-before directed to be imprelled, at the Time of such Sale, shall he plain and visible, that

then every Person so oft’ending {hail, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be levied and

applied as is directed by the several Stamp Laws now in Force.

VI. And whereas great Frauds are committed by Persons affixing the Stamps on Almanacks which

4 they pretend have been cut off from such Almanacks, for the greater Convenience of framing or binding

the fame;’ be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority nfotclaid, That if any Almanack or

Calendar shall be fold, or exposed to Sale, with the Stamp affixed thertto in any oth r Mariner than as

the fame shall have been imprelled upon the Paper at the Stamp-office, that then every such Almanack or

Calendar shall beseemed an unstamped Almanack, and the Person or Person* felling, or exposing the lame

to Sale, shall be subject and liable to the fame Penalty as if they had fold, or expose j to Sale, an undamped

Al/hanack.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nebbing in this Act

contained shall be construed to extend to charge any Calendar or perpetual Almanack, or any other Calen-

dar

From the pa/TjnjJ

of this an

additional Duly

of 2 d. to he p; icl

for every S licit

Almanack print-

ed in Cre&t-

Britain,

New Duly to be

under the Ma-

nagement cf th1?

Conan. lfp.oneii

for Stamp!.

Commissiorert

may provide onfl*

new Stamp lot

all the several

Duties j

and may niter

the lame.

All Almanacks

to be printed in

such Manner

th:.t Fart of the

Printing, shall b<£j

on tiic Stamp.

Penalty.

Penalty on

ii g AJmancuka

with the Si.nip

*ihxcii th< reto

o herv. ite than

u .' cone at the

Star p-c hice.

Perpetual Alma-

nacks not to be

chained with

00( Z

