39+

If Collector Ml

n,f bavi Money

lulficient in

H iH, he is to

certify the fame

to the Commis-

sioners, &c.

Manufacturer,

or h'S Chief

Workman, to

produce an Ac-

count, upon

Oath, of the

Sope and Starch

tiled by him in

hisManufa&nry,

in the preceding

Year; and to

keep a';o a

weekly Ac-

count ;

to b? produced to

the Officer on

Demand, See,

Where there is

a furerint* nding

Own r, and an

Overseer, each

shal! prod, ce

their Accounts,

on Oath brtore

ihe ColUdlor.

Import afiort

Duties on Brim-

Itone and Salt-

petre, conlu red

in making Oil

of Vitriol, to be

C. 77. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. A.D. 17*3-

{h ill he used and consumed in preparing and finishing all Manufacture$ from Flax or Cotton for Sale

(except (itch Starch as shall be used and consumed in finishing new Linen in the Piece for Sale) 5

and the said Cc llttftor, out of the Money in his Hands which fhuil have aiifcn for the Duties upon Starch,

shall and is hereby authonlcd and required to pay to the said Manufacturer or Manuta&uiers Three-pence

for every Pound Weight of Starch which (h.dl be used and conlumeJ in finishing new J^in»*n in the Piece for

Sale: And in case the Collector shall not then have Money sufficient in his Hands to satisfy such Payments,

that then, and in every such Cafe, the relptciive Commissioners of the Excise in England and Scotland for

theT'ime being, upon a Certificate thereof from the said Collector (who is hereby lequired to make and

sign such Certificate), {hall, and are hereby authorised and required forthwith to cause such Payment to be

made out of any Monies anting from the Duty on Sope, granted by the Paid Act made in the tenth Year of

the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and continued by the said Act made in the third Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and out of the Duties on Starch respectively, without any

further Delay.

II. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner or Chief Work-

man employed in any Manufactory of lfiax or Cotton, in order to be intitled to the Benefit of this Atft,

{hall produce an Account from his Books, upon Oath, of the Sope and Starch purchased by him for the

Use of his Manufadtory, fpccifving from whom the fame was purchased, the Quantity actually given out to

be used and consumed for the Year immediately preceding, and the Amount of each different Species of

Goods, either raw or manufactured, in which th? said Sope and Starch respectively has been used and con-

fumed; and provided that each and every Mamjfadturer of Flax or Cotton, or his or her Overseer or Chief

Workman, fhdl, and are hereby obliged and directed from Time to Time to keen an Account of all such

Sope and Starch respectively as shall be employed, {pent, and consumed in e ich Week, in the preparing,

bleaching, whitening, and bringing of FLx or Cotton to a fiirftied Manufacture for Sale; and {hall once

in every Week enter in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose, an Account of the Quantity or Quantities of

Sope and Starch so employed, spent, and consumed in eion Week respeSdively, and also of the particular

Species of Manufacture in which such Sope ';nd Starch lh ill have b'^n employed, spent, and consumed;

which said Book, so to be kept by each Manufacturer, or his or her O/erfeer or Chief Workman, shall ac

all Times, when demanded by any Offio r of Excise, be produced to such Officer, to be by him perused

and inspeeded, the beret to prevent unjust Claims of the Drawback by this Act granted of the Duties on

Sope and Srarch; and that once in every Ye^r, or ar the Time that the M mufadturer shall apply for the

Drawback of the Duties granted by this Act, the Lid Book ill nil be delivered to the Collector of Excise,

upon the Oath of the Pe son who kept the lame, and made the Entries therein, of the Truth of such En-

tries, which Book shall deleft and remain with fjcb Collector

III. Provided also, That whue there is a luue'inrending Owner, and likewise an Overseer or Chief

Workman, each shall, within six Months after Te E \ piration of the preceding Year to which their re-

spective Claims apply* p.oduce their Accounts fn O tth befiuc the find Collector of Excise, who is hereby

rtqui. d and impowered to administer such Oa.h; which Oath shall be in the Words, or to the Eifea,

following:

Oath for the Owner, 0r Supernrcmding Agent or Manager.

{A\ B. Owner, or one of the Owrersy or Sup°i intending Manager, of the Work carried on at

unce; the Name or Fnm of do solemnly swear. That the

4 AbstraFf hereunto amr:x«vi a just anr true Accounr of 'he Quantity of Sope ami Starch respeitive-

4 ly pirchafed by me for the U;e o; the 1 mi Work under my Management, of the Quantiry delivered out

4 to the Overseer f r Confurnp* ion, an-i o* ihe Q.j:>nM'y of ouch dirFerent Species of Goods upon which the

4 said Sope and Starch has u cd ano consumed Dcm the Day of

4 to the fXy of and that, to the best of mv Knowledge and Belief,

the said. S perml Starr h has bum rb-irgt d with, and thatihe Duty chargeable t hereon has been duly paid ;

and thar nether i he wh Je tior any Parc of the said Duties have been before drawn back or allowed, to the

4 belt of my Knowledge and Belie!.

4 So help me GOD.’

Oath for the Overseer-

I A. B. p incipal Oveifccr of the Woik carried on at under the Name or

Finn of co Idrmn-iy /wear, That the Book of Account which I now ex-

4 hibit contains a just and true Account < f the Quantity and Quality of the Sope and Siarch respectively

4 empl«*\ed, spenr, andconfumeu in each Wrtk, in me preparing, bleaching, or whitening Flax or Cot-

4 ton, fiom the Pay of foihe Day of

and that th<* fime was actually u(ed an J consumed i;j preparing, bleaching, whrening, or finish-

4 ing Flax or Cotton GootMor S.jIc, and n t for private Use; and that neither the Whole, nor any Part

4 of the said Duties, has been before drawn back or allowed, to the belief my Knowledge and Belief

4 So 'help me GOD.'

IYr. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the whole Duties of Customs, payable

and chargeable by an Act or A els of Parliament on the Importation of Biimflone and Saltpetre, used and

confirmed in making Oil of Vitriol, shall be repaid and drawn back on the Oath of the Maker of such Oil

of Vitriol at the End of the Year from the Date of the Entry herein-after mentioned, or within six Months

thereafter; ar c) a Ccruivate or Debenture shall be given by the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs of

the Port or District within which such Brimstone and Saltpetre fnali have been used and consumed in nuk-

ing Oil of Vitriol, equal to the Duties and Customs paid upon the Importation of fuchBiimftone and Salt-

.pure; which Debenture shall be paid by the respective Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scot-

1 land,

