134-

Restrictioni «n

B»ll< of Ex-

change drawnon

the t'crr-p.iny in

t"he East ladies.

JBills itfued in

India and made

payable there,

Hull not be pay*

able in "England,

without iheCon-

ftnc of 18 Di-

reilore, dec.

British Subject

in.l ndia to reside

•within ten Miles

►of some principal

Settlement.

British Subjefls

refilling in India

not to lend Mo-

ney to any foreign

Company, &c.

Penalty on Bri-

tish SuVj &s

(other than the

Company) who

/hall fend Indian

Goods to Europe.

‘Suits brought by

the Court or Di-

reffois against

private J raaers,

&:c not to be

flopped, nor the

Penalty or Da-

mages mitigated,

IcC*

Regulations re-

lative to rrifing

Recruit* for the

Company*-* Ser-

vice in India.

Defer ter 5 may

lie committed.

C. 65. Atmo vicesimo primo Georgii III. A.D. 17S1,

remain to, and continue in the said Company, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes

whatsoever, as if this Act had never been made.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar, during the Continuance of this Act,

it shall not be lawful for the said United Company, or their SuCvcflo.s, or any of their Officers or Servants

on their Account, to accept or otherwise bind the said Company, or then Sucecfiors, for the Payment of

any Bill or Bills of Exchange, drawn by any of their Oflkeis or Servants, at any or their Presidencies in

the East Indies, for any Sum exceeding the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds, exclusive of Certifi-

cates, to the Amount of eight thousand Pounds, to the Commanders and Officers of each of the Company's

Ships, in the Space of any one Year, without the Consent and Order first had and obtained of the Com-

nifffioners of his Majesty’s Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or of the

High Treasurer for the Time being, who are hereby respectively authorised to give such Consent, or to

make such Order thereon, as they shall judge expedient j and every Acceptance or Engagement made

contrary to the true Meaning and Intent of this Act, (lull be null and void to all Intents and Pur-

poses.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bill, Promissory Note, or other

Obligation for Money, issued, or to be id tied, by any of the said United Company’s Presidents and Coun-

cils, or Servants in the East Indies, or in China respectively, and made payable in the Raft Indies, or in

China respectively, shall be payable in England, without the Consent of eighteen of the Directors of the

Affairs of the said United Company first had and obtained fur that Purpose ; nor shall the said United

Company be liable to the Payment of any Bill, Promissory Note, or other Obligation for Money, issued

ot to be iiTued as aforesaid, and made payable in England, unless accepted by, or by Order of, a Court of

Directors.

XXVIII. And be it further ennfled by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of this A£If

it shall not be lawful for any British Subject or Subjects in the Service of the said United Company, or

licenced by them to proceed to Indiay to reside in any other Place in India than in one of the principal Settle-

ments belonging to the said United Company, or within ten Miles of such principal Settlement, without

the special Licence of the said United Company, or of the President or Governor and Council of such

principal Settlement, in Writing first had and obtained 1 nor shall any such British Subject or Subjedfs

reside beyond the Limits aforesaid, for any longer Space of Time than shall be specified in the Orders of the

said United Company, or his or their Licence or Licences respectively.

XXIX. And be it further cnadfedby the Authority aforesaid, 7'hat it shall not be lawful for any Servant

or Servants of the said United Company, or any other British Subject or Subjects refuling in Indiay to lend

any Sum or Sums of Money to any foreign Company or Companies, or to any foreign European Mer-

chant or Merchants, or to purchase any Goods in India for or on Account of such foreign Company or

Companies, European Merchant or Merchants, or to be concerned in lending such Sum or Sums of Money,

or in purclufing such Goods, diredfly or indirectly, or to furnish such foreign Company or Companies, Eu-

ropean Merchant or Merchants, with the Credit of Bills drawn upon the Correspondcnts of such Servant of

Servants, or British Subject or Subjects, or any other Person or Persons in Europe.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar, from and afrer the fifth Dajr of

July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, it shall not be lawful for any British Subject, either

in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to carry on or be concern-

ed in any Trade or Traffic whatsoever, in fending any Kind of Goods and Merchandizes, the Produce or

Manufacture of the East Indies or Chinay by the Way of Suezy or by any other Channel, to Europe ; and

in case any British Subject or Subjedfcs shall carry on or be concerned in any such Trade or Traffic as

aforesaid, he or they shall forfeit and pay to the said United Company Double the Value of the Goods and

Merchandizes which shall so be sent to Europey to be recovered in any Court of Justice in the East Indies,

or in his Majesty’s Court of King's Bench at tVeftminster.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of

Augufty one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, in case the Court of Directors for the Affairs of the

said United Company shall order any Suit or Suits at Law or in Equity to be brought against any Person or

Persons for trading to or from the East Indies, without or beyond the Licence and Permission of the said

United Company, or for any Offence or Offences committed by, or any Mifbchaviour of, any such Person

or Persons, in his or their Station or Employment in the East Indiesy it shall not be lawful for the said

Court of Directors of the said United Company to put a Stop to such Suit or Suits, or to remit or mitigate

the Penalty, Damages, or Satisfaction fought to be recovered thereby, before a final Judgment or Decree

shall be obtained in such Suit or Suits.

4 XXXII. And whereas it is necessary for the said United Company to keep and maintain a Military

* Force in the East Indies, and the present Method of obtaining Recruirs to keep up the fame hath been

4 found very inconvenient and defe£tivebe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall

and may be lawful to and for the said United Company, by Licence from his Majesty for that Purpose,

from Time to Time to enlist such Number of Men, being his Majesty’s Subjects, and of such Ages,

and for such Time, as shall be expressed in such Licence, to serve them as Soldiers in the East Indies,

and to deposit and keep such Men, not exceeding two thousand at any one Time in Time of War, and

one thousand at any Time in Time of Peace, at such Place or Places, in any Part of his Majesty’s Do-

minions in Eurofey as shall be approved of for that Purpose by his Majesty, until they can be ffnt to

India ; and in case any Person or Persons so enlisting and engaging, after he shall have signed an Agree-

ment for that Purpose, and shall have declared before a Magistrate, at the Distance of twenty-four Hours

at the least after his first Enlisting, that he freely and voluntarily signed such Agreement, and is willing to

go to and serve the said United Company as a Soldier in the East Indies, shall defect from the Place ap-

pointed for him to reside at till the Time of his Embarkation to go to the East Indies* or shall refuse to

perform

