34*

A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 49.

<c Part of the Haling Path {hall be made. The Dividend limited to 7 perCent. In case the Proprietors do

44 not lower the Tolls when Surplus exceeds 10:/. the Commissioners impowered to inspect their Books,

46 and lower Tolls, if necessary. And if there is a Deficiency from lowering of Tolls, Proprietors may

44 raise them again- Materials for Roads, &c. and Manure for Land, to be free from Tolls- Clause for

4C ascertaining the Weight of Goods. Pieafure Boats exempt from Toll. The Branch near Newark

44 having been improved under an Act of the 12th Geo. III. the Clause in the said Act for haling with

41 Men only, recited and repealed. All Persons may use the said Branch, and pass down through

44 the fame with Boats, and hale thereon with Horses, free from Duties. Not to extend to Goods landed

44 upon the said Branch. 1 s. to be paid for each Boat going up; which the Company of Proprietors are to

44 pay to the Collector of the Rates under the said Act. Payment of tr. a Boat to be in lieu of Tonnage

<c from The Upper IVclr to The Crankleys. No Works to be made near the said Branch, to prejudice the

44 fame; or to prevent the Duke of Newcastle from making any Dock adjoining thereto. Method of

44 recovering Tells. Tolls may be lessened, and to be free from Taxes. Matters of Vessels to give Bills

44 of Lading. All Veffils to be marked with graduated Figures denoting their Burden. In case of

44 Difference concerning Weight of Goods* Vessels to be detained. Names and Places of Abode of

44 Owners, to be put on the Outside of the Vessels, on Penalty of 5/. Matters and Owners of Vessels to

44 pay for Damages done by their Servants. Matters to recover back from their Servants any Sums paid

44 for their Neglects or Defaults. Lords of Manors, may erect Wharfs and Warehouses upon their

44 own Lands. The Company may erect Wharfs or Warehouses River not to be under Commissioners

4< of Sewers. Navigation to be measured, and Stones set up. Not to prejudice the Rights of Lords

44 of Manors, and others, entitled to Fisheries in the River. Persons haling, &c. committing any Tref-

44 pass subject to Penalties. If Horses used in haling are found grazing on Lands adjoining to the River,

44 the Owner of them to pay 4-/. to the Occupier of the Land. Owners of Lands may use the Haling

14 Path as a Drift Way for their Cattle, but no other Persons to use the fame. Persons on board Boats

44 having Nets, fiffr. and not being qualified, forfeit 5/. Mode ofelefting new Commissioners. Commis-

44 sioners not to act where interested. Commissioners acting not being qualified forfeit 50/. Commission-

44 ers for Laneham Drainage may act as Commissioners under this Act. Previous Notice to He given of all

44 Meetings. Commissioners to be sworn; and may act as Justices. Persons holding any Place of Profit

44 or Contraft disqualified to act as Commissioners. Meetings may be called at any Time by three Com-

44 missioners. Writings to be without Stamps. Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form.

41 Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. How Justices to proceed for Conviction

44 of Offenders. Distress not unlawful for Want of Form. Persons giving false Evidence to be deemed

44 guilty of Perjury. Damages not provided for to be settled by the Commissioners. Persons aggrieved

44 may appeal to the Quarter Sessions. This Act not to prevent the Corporation of Nottingham to make,

44 at any Time hereafter, any navigable Cut into the River.”

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for repealing an Act made in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for charging a Stamp-duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes,

or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand\ and for granting new Stamp-duties

on Bills of Exchange, Promi/Tory and other Notes % and also Stamp-duties on Receipts.

Geo, 111.

33*

Most Gracious*Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An At7 for charging a Preamble

Stamp-duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes payable other- Recital of 1%

wife than upon Demand, it was enacted, Thar, from and after the first Day of August, one thousand

, seven hundred and eighty-two, there (bouId be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the King-

dom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Piece

of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Inland Bill of Exchange, Promis-

fory Note, or other Note, payable otherwise than upon Demand, should be engroflld, written, or

printed* where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, should not amount to the Sum

of fifty Pounds, a Stamp-duty of Three-pence; and for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or

Piece of Paper, upon which any Inland Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, payable

otherwise than upon Demand, should be engrossed, written, or printed, where the Sum expressed therein,

or made payable thereby, should amount to the Sum of fifty Pounds, or upwards, a Stamp-duty of

Sixpence: Now we, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in

Parliament assembled, finding that it will he convenient, and for the publick Service* to repeal the said

Stamp-duties, so made payable by the said recited Act, and to grant unto your Majesty the several

new Stamp-duties herein-after mentioned, as well for securing a certain Fund for Payment of such

Annuities as by the said recited Act were charged upon the said Stamp-duties, as to enable your

Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred anJ

eighty-three;’ therefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it

nafted by the Xing’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a (Tern tried, and by the Authority of the same.

That, from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the Rates

and Duties granted by an Act made and passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An for

charging a Stamp-duty on Inland Bills of Exchange, Promifjory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than

upon Demand, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid and payable,

V, L. XIV. Pm III. V, ©OOgl

Purpose of this

Act.

Fmm August 1,

J783, the recited

Ait rcpctled.

