200

Treble Colli.

Publiclc Act.

Preamble.

Recital of

to Geo, 111,

c*p* JJ.

Prom June 14,

178*. during

the present Hof-

tilities, British

Plantation To*

Wco may be

imported from

any neutral Port

in America or in

Europe,

Preamble.

From June 21,

1782, the fol-

lowing addi-

tional ant) other

Dunes on Salt

to be raid to his

Majesty, viz.

For every Gal-

lon of Foreign

Salt, on Imporf-

aiio , ad. 2 q.i

For every Gal-

lon of Salt and

Rock Salt* made.

C. 38, 39. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

Treble Costs, and shall have such other Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants can or may

have in any other Cafe by Law.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act;

and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever,

without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to permit the Importation of British Plantation Tobacco from any Port or Place

either in America, or the IVcfi Indies, or in Europe, during the present Hostilities.

€ \X7 HEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the twentieth Year of his Majesty’s Reign (inti-

luled, An Aol to admit to an Entry in this Kingdom, under certain Rcjh idiom, Tobacco imported not

4 directly from the Place of its Growth or Produce, and for granting an additional Duty on such Tobacco, during

9 the present HojiilitiesJ, it is, amongst other T hings, enacted, That any Tobacco, being the Growth or

4 Produce of any Part of the British Dominions in America, which, during the Continuance of the pre-

4 sent Hostilities, should be bona fide imported into and landed at any British Island in the Hejl Indies, from

4 any Island or Place in America, or the West Indies, in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs, or Succefl'ors,

4 shall and may be imported directly from such British) Island, and shall and may be entered and landed in

4 this Kingdom, upon the Payment of the proper Duties due thereon, under the Restrictions in the said

4 Act mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to permit, for a limited Time, the Importation of such To-

9 bacco into Great Britain directly from any Port or Place in Amity with his Majesty, either in America, or

the West Indies, or in EuropeMay it therefore pieafe your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it

enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, on* thousand ftven hundred and ei^hty-two, and

during the Continuance of the present Hostilities, it shall and may be lawful for any Person to import into

Great Britain, in any British) Ship or Veil'd duly navigated, or in any neutral Ship or Vtfl'el, any Tobacco

of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of any British Colony or Plantation in America, directly from any

Island, Port, or Place, in America, or the West Indies, or in Europe, in Amity with his M jjrfty, his Heirs, or

Succefl'ors; and such Tobacco {hall and may be entered and landed in any Part of Great Britain, upon

Payment of the fame Duties as would be due and payable for the fame, if such Tobacco had been im-

ported from any British lflmd or Place in America, not being the Island or Place of the Growth of such To-

bacco, although the fame shall not be accompanied with any Manifest, Certificate, or other Document, re-

quired by the said recited Act, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force: And such To-

bacco shall, in all other Respects not altered by this Act, be subject and liable to the fame Securities, Rules,

Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Tobacco would be subject and liable to, if

the fame had been imported directly from any British Colony or Plantation in America; any Law, Custom,

or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Salt; and certain Duties

upon Glauber or Epsom Salts, and also on Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, made

from Salt; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on foul Salt, to be used in manuring

of Lands.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 YT 7E, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences,

4 have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and

4 Duties on Salt already rated to your Majesty; and also the several Rates and Duties on Salt, commonly

4 called Glauber or Epsom Salts, and on Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, to be made frorr. S ilt, hereafter

4 mentioned ;’ and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it en-

acted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That, from and after the twcmty-ftcond Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, there

shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefl'ors, for

and upon all Salt already rated, over and above the Rates and Duties now due or payable thereon by any

Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, the several additional Rates and Duties, and also for and upon all

Salts called Glauber or Epsom Salt, and Alkali or Flux for Glass, made from Salt, Brine or Sea Water, the

several Rates and Duties following; that is to say,

For every Gallon of Salt not being the Product or Manufacture of Great Britain, that (hull be imported,

from and after the said twenty-second Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eigbey-two, into any

Paitof Great Britain, the Sum of Two-pence Halfpenny of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by

the Importer or Importers thereof; and after that Rate for a greater or Idler Quantity:

For every Gallon of Salt, and Rock Salt, that, from and alter the said twenty-second Day of June, one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, shall be made at any Salt Works, or be taken out of any

