A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo fecundo Georgii III. C. 28.

XXXI* And be it further enacted, That the Clerk, or Deputy Clerk, of the said Court, 4haII cause a

Copy of the last preceding Clausetobe hung up on some conspicuous Part of the said Court, to the Intent

that no Person may plead Ignorance of the Purport thereof.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Action or Suit for any Debt,

not amounting to forty Shillings, and being upwards of two Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act

In the said Court of Requests, shall be brought, against any Person residing or inhabiting within the Juris-

distion thereof, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere, or in any Courts

whatsoever other than the said Court of Requests, and the Court Portmote herein-after mentioned : And

that no Suit which shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance of this Act,' nor any

Proceedings which shall be had therein, shall or may be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or otherwise,

into any other Court whatsoever ; but that the Judgment, Decrees, and Proceedings of the said Court of

Requests, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

4 XXXIII. And whereas the Mayor and Citizens of the said City of Rochester are, by virtue of a Char-

4 ter granted to them, in the fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, authorized and impowered

4 within his Majesty’s Courts Portmote of the said City, to hold Pleas real, personal, and mi\t, within

4 the said City, and the Liberty and Precinct thereofbe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affect, lessen, or take away, any of the Rights, Privi-

leges, Franchises, Liberties, Powers, or Jurisdictions, of the said Court Portmote; but that the fame,

and all other the Rights and Privileges of the said Mayor and Citizens, shall remain and continue in as full

and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained (ha)J

extend to prevent or hinder the holding of any Courts of Justice, or transacting any other publick Business

of the said City, within the Guildhall, or any other Places appointed, or to be appointed, within the said

City, for the holding of such Courts of Justice, or transacting any publick Business within the same.

XXXV. And be it further enacted. That no Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any

of the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act,

until twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof shall have been given to, or left at the usual Place of Abode

of, the Person or Persons against whom such Action or Suit shall be intended to be brought, thereby set-

ting forth the particular Cause of Action, or after Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to the

Party aggrieved, or unless such Action or Suit shall be commenced within forty Days next after the Cause

of Action shall have arisen, and be laid in the County of Kent, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or

Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Iffuc, and give this Act and the special

Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the

Authority of this Act: And if the ftme shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit

shall be brought before the Expiration of twenty-one Daye next after such Notice shall have been given as

aforesaid, or after Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or

after the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be Lid in any other Place than the County of

Kent; then, and in either or any of the said Cafes, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and

upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his or

their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared ; or if, upon Demurrer, Judg-

ment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs,

and shall have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

XXXVI. Provided always, That no Plaintiff in any Action or Suit, which shall be brought for any

Thing done in pursuance of this Act as aroreLid, Hull be permitted to produce Evidence of any other Cause

of Action, than such as shall be set forth in the Notice to be given as aforesaid, or fh dl recover any Ver-

dist against the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, unless such Plaintiff shall prove on the

Trial that such Notice was given as aforesaid ; and in Default of such Proof, the Defendant or Defendants

shall recover a Verdict and Costs, as before-mentioned: And that in case any Person, against whom any

such Action or Suit shall be brought, shall have neglected to tender Amends, or shall have tendered inef-

ficient Amends before the Action or Suit shall be commenced ; it shall be lawful for him, by Leave of the

Court, wherein such Action or Suit shall be depending, at any Time before Blue joined, to pay into Court

such Sum of Money as he shall think proper, whereupon such Proceeding, Order, and Judgement, shall be

bad, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Cafes where Defendants are allowed to pay Mo-

ney into Court.

# XXXVII. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Pub-

Kck Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whom-

soever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVIII. ,

An Act for granting an additional Duty upon Tobacco and Snuff; and for repealing certain

Duties payable upon the Importation of Brandy and Arrack, and for granting other Du-

ties in lieu thereof.

* Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 TT 7 your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

4 VV assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick Expences, have

4 freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several Imports and Duties herein-

4 after mentioned ; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted,’ and be it enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and

Vol. XIV. Part II. B b Temporal,

VJ

185

C»*7J of tltt fort•

g' ing CUule t®

be hung up in

the Court.

No Debt under

401. and up*

ward* of z 9. t,

be sued for in

any other Co art.

Saving the

Rights of the

Court Portmote

of Rochester.

Court not to in*

terrupt or hinder

the transacting

the publick Bo-

fine's of the City

in the Guildhall,

Limitation of

Action*.

General Iffoe.

Treble Coftf,

Plaintiff not to

produce Evi-

iftnee of the

Cause of Action

other than wh^t

ftnli be specified

in the Notice. r

Publick Act.

Preamble,

ogle

