A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo (ccundo Georgii III. C. 55—57- 223

son or Persons so discovcring shall be allowed after the Rate of twenty Pounds per Centum, according to the

Value of such Estate or Effects so discovered, to be paid and allowed out of the net Proceeds of such Estate

or Effects, which shall be recovered on such Discovery; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Go-

vernor General and Council of Bengal, and the Governor and Council of Fort Saint George, and Bombay,

respectively, to sue for and recover the Estate and Effects so discovered, in the Name of the said United

Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies. B , B

4 XII. And, for the more effectual Discovery of such Part of the Estate and Effects of the said Sir

Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, and each of them, which may now be in the who/hall fccrete'

East Indies/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons, resident in India% in? Estate teal or

who shall have accepted any Trust or Trusts, and shall conceal or protect any Estate, real or personaJ, of personal after a

or for either of them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, and shall not, within hmucdTime.

six Calendar Months after the Copy or Copies of the Particulars and Inventories herein-before mentioned

shall have been entered of Record as is herein above directed, truly discover or disclose such Trust or Estate

in Writing to the said Chief Justice, or one of the Justices of the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal\

or to the Mayor, or two or more of the Aldermen of the Mayor’s Court at Fort St. George and Bombay re-

spectively for the Time being, shall forfeit Treble the Value of the Estate, real or personal, so concealed ;

one Moiety thereof to the United Company of Merchants, of England trading to the East Indies, and the

other Moiety thereof to him, her, or them, who shall sue for the same; to be recovered by such Adioo,

Bill, or other Proceeding, as is competent in such Courts respectively for the Recovery of Debts due and

owing; in which Cafes Costs shall be allowed to the Plaintiff; and in case the Offender be a British Sub-

jed, shall suffer Imprisonment at the Discretion of the respective Courts above-mentioned, not exceeding

one whole Year, without Bail or Mainprize.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Lands, Tenements, and Hd- Forfeited

reditaments, Goods, Chattels, Monies, and other personal Estate, of what Kind or Nature soever, of *to

either of them the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, or Peter Perring Esquire, which shall be forfeited and

recovered by virtue of this Act, shall be paid and answered into the Receipt of the Exchequer, there to *

remain for the future Dispofuion of Parliament, and subject to such Allowance to Discoverers as aforesaid ;

any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstandirtjg.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to p^iuk A&

be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons

whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LV.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments v

and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qua-

lifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes *, and to in-

demnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have

been omitted to be damped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been lost or mislaid; and

for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped , and to give further Time to such Person9

as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and So-

licitors.

44 Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to Ad 1 Geo. I, Ad 13 Car. II, Ad 25 Car.

44 II, Act 30 Car. II, Ad 8 Geo. I, Ad 9 Geo. II, Ad 18 Geo. II, and Ad 6 Geo. Ill, before the paf-

44 sing of this Act; and who shall, on or before Dec. 25, 1782, qualify themselves, shall be indemnified

44 against Forfeitures. Not to indemnify any Person for any Penalty incurred by neglecting to qualify him-

44 self. Not to exempt Justices acting without legal Qualification. Persons producing Appointments and

44 Admissions before Dec. 25, 1782, shall he confirmed, and qualified to act as Clerk, Officer, or Mem-

44 her of Corporations, &c. may enjoy all Offices into which they have been elected; and shall be indem-

44 nified from all Penalties and Damages incurred by Teafon of Omissions. Not to extend to restore Per-

44 fans to any Office avoided by Judgement, Persons who shall cause Affidavits to be filed before Michael-

44 mas Term, 1782, are indemnified and discharged from Penalties. Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant

44 to be indemnified, may plead the General Issue.,r

CAP. LVI.

An Act more effectually to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Lule% in the County of Middle*

sex, to purchase, hire, or ered, a Workhouse, within or near the kid Pacifti, for the better Reception,

and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish.

CAP. LVIL

An Act for building a new Bridge, instead of the present ancient Bridge, commonly called Lancaster Bridge>

at a more convenient Place over the River Laynet near the Town oi Lancaster^ in the County Palatine of

Lancaster.

<c Power given to take down the ancient County Bridge, and ered a new one opposite Skerton

44 Cross. Also to remove Obstructions where the Bridge is to be built, and to cut Drains, &c. Mayor,

44 bfc. of Lancaster to make a Road over the Green Area. New Bridge to be a County Bridge, andrepairetF

44 as such. Roads, when made, declared to be publick Highways. Roid over the Green Area to be a*

44 publick Highway. In Indictments, sufficient to alledge generally that Defendants ought to repair,

