A.D. 1782. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. C. 161

any Interest; be it further ena£led by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the*

Surveyor General of the Ordnance for the Time being, and he is hereby required to make out and allow*

one or more Bill or Bills, to the respective Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, for

fuchSum and Sums of Money as is or are to them relpeckively adjudged by the said several and respective

Determinations or Decrees of the said Commissioners, together with Interest for the fame, after the Kate of

five Pounds per Centum per Annutn, from such respective Times as aforesaid to the l ime of Payment, of

which Notice shall be given in the London Gazette; which Hill or Bills so made shall express the respeciive

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Interest or Damage, for or in respect of which such BjII or

Bills shall be made out, together with the Name of the Person or Persons, B^dy Politic or Corporate, Ec-

clefustical or Civil, and the respective Sum and Sums of Money he, she, or they, is or are to receive; and Debenture?

thereupon one or more Debenture or Debentures shall be prepared, for such several and respeiiive sums as bc P'^red

aforesaid, by the Clerk of the Ordnance for the Time being, and signed by three or more of the principal Qrcd^rcc °a^e

Officers of the Ordnance for the Time being; which Debenture or Debentures is and are hereby required pijd by the

to be paid by the Treasurer of the Ordnance for the Time being, who shall fake Acquittances from the Treasurer.

Parties indorsed thereon; and such Payment shall be made without Fee or Reward, and without any De-

duction or Abatement on any Ground Or Pretence whatsoever; and, in order to obviate any Doubt, as to

any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, who shall be tntided unto, or

interested in, any such Money, having Notice that such Money shall be ready tx> be paid, the

principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance shall cause Notice thereof to be published in the London

Gazette.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sums which shall, in and by such To whom to be

Debentures, be payable to Persons to whom it is by the said recited Decrees of the Commissioners deter- Paid.

mined or decreed, that the Money thereby determined to belong to them should be absolutely paid to them,

shall be paid to such Pet Tons accordingly.

IV. And whereas by the said Decree, in relation to the Lands in the County of Cornwall, it was de- The Sum found

4 creed and determined, that the Sum of one thousand four hundred twenty-eight Pounds, and Nine-pence to be the Value

Halfpenny, found to be the Value of the said Lands of the said Rear Admiral Thomas Graves as aforesaid, to

4 be paid to the Trustees in his said Settlement (who are Sir Richard Sutton Baronet, George James I Id Hi a ms, to paid t<mr-

4 William Graves, and Barnard Frederick Taylor), or to some proper Person or Persons in Trust, to be laid out tain Tiuflees;

in the Purchase of 6ther Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses comprized in the

4 said Thomas Graves's said Marriage Settlement, and in the mean Time to be laid out at Interest for the Benefit

4 of the Persons who would for the Time being be intitled to the Rents of such Lands when purchased be it

enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of one thousand four hundred twenty-

fight Pounds, and Nine-pence Halfpenny, shall and lawfully may be paid unto them the said Sir Richard

Sutton, George James Williams, Willi am Graves, and Barnard Frederick Taylor, or the Survivors or Survivor

of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor; and that their Receipt, or the Receipt of

the Survivors or‘Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, or any Person duly

authorised by them, or the Suvivors or Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Sur-

vivor, to receive such Money, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the fame.

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That they the said Sir Richard Who ire to In-

Sutton, George James Williams, William Graves, and Barnard Frederick Taylor, and the Survivors or Sur- ytQ: *hc *m.£ ,nf

vivor of them, and the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, shall stand and be pofie (Ted of the [ frefha!ci

said Sum of cne thousand four hundred twenty-eight Pounds, and Nine-pence Halfpenny, when and so to be

soon as they shall have received the fame, on the Trusts and for the Purposes following; (that is to say.) fruM to the

On Trust, that they shall and do, as soon as conveniently may be, with the Confcntand Approbation f fame Ui«, &c.

the said Thomas Graves, and Elizabeth his Wife, or of the Survivor of them, while both or either of them *s the

the said Thomas Graves, and Elizabeth his Wife, shall be living, and at the Discretion of such Trcfkes, after and*5

the Death of both of them, the said Thomas Graves and Elizabeth his Wife, Jay out and invdt the said

Sum of one thousand four hundred twenty-eight Pounds, and Nine pence Halfpenny, in the Purchase oL

freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Fee-simple, of a good Kftate of Inheritance

in Fee-simple, to be settled to and upon the same Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under,-and.

subject unto, the fame Powers, Provisoes, Reftri£Eons, and Conditions, to which the Lands, for the Pir-,

chafe whereof the said Sum of one thousand four hundred twenty-eight Pounds, and Nine-pence Hjlf-.

penny, is to be paid, were limited by the said Settlement, dated the fourteenth Day of June, one thousand

seven hundred and seventy-onc, and made previous to the Marriage of the said Thomas Graves with the said

Elizabeth his Wife, or such and so many of them as shall be then in being, or capable cf taking Effoit;.

and also that in the mean Time, ani until a convenient Purchase (h ■ill offer whereon to Uy out such Morey, or place it out at

they the said Trustees, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such ImmA.

Survivor, shall and do, from Time to Time, place out such Money in Government Securities, or, if re-

quired by the said Thomas Graves, and Elizabeth his Wife, during both their Lives, on good real Sccuity,

at Interest, in the Names of them the said Trustees, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Executors

or Administrators of such Survivor, and shall and do pay all the Interest or yearly Dividends, whicfcftiall

from Time to Time anse therefrom, unto the Person or Persons who would for the Time being be irtitled

to the Rents and Profits of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, if purchased.

VI. And whereas by the said Decree, in relation to the Lands in the County of Devon,.it was cfccrecd The Sum foond

and determined, that the aforesaid Sum of two thousand (even hundred twenty-eight Pounds, twi Shil- « he the Value

4 lings, and Sixpence, fouhd to be the Value of the Lands of the said George Viscount Mount Eqcumbe ?^ndV*

and Valletort, in the Parish of Maker, ought to be paid to the Trustees in his said Marriage Secernent the iCiih of

4 (who are Lenius Boldero Barnard, and William Maflcrman, Esquires), or to some proper Person or Maker, to be

4 Persons, in Trust, to be laid out in the Purchase of ocher Lands, Tenements, and Hereditamenfi, to be to certain

Vot........

MV. Part II.

' let tied

^.oogie

