208

Licence to set

forth the Name

ot <he P«:(on

taking out the

lame, See. and

to continue in

Force fur one

Year,

No Licence to

be granted for

any Office in

Oxford or Cam-

bridge,

Persons keeping

any Office con-

trary to this AO,

to forfeit 100).

Cerain Words

to be writ ten on

the Front of

each licensed

Office.

Penalty on fer-

gir g or altering

iny Licence.

All Persons

taking out Li-

cences are to

give Bond to hit

Majesty,

Condition

thereof.

Licenfcl Persons

convicted of any

0(1? nee again (I

this /lit, rtlall

forfeit tbtir

L cence, &c<

No Buf;nefs,to

be transided at

any Lottery-

office before

eight in the

Morning, nor

after eu'ht in the

Lv-‘n n

Ex.?pvi in.

Penalty On fell-

ing any Snare

fess than a bise-

ct Dtb.

C. 47. Anno vicesimo secundo Georgii III. A.D. 1782.

dealing in Lottery Tickets, authorised by Law, to all and every Person and Persons applying for the fame;

but, previouflyto the Delivery of any such Licence, anJ before it Hi ill have any Effect, their shall be paid,

over and above all other Payments to which the Person or Persons taking out such Licence may be respec-

tively liable by any other Act of Parliament, whether as Brokers, or other wise, the Sum ot fifty Pounds for

every such Licence, at the Stamp-office, at the Time such Licence (lull be delivered to the Person or Per-

sons applying for the fame; and every such Sum of fifty Pounds shall be applied towards defraying the Ex-

pences of the Stamp-office in executing this Act, and otherwise in Manner herein-aitcr prescribed

IV. And be it further enacted, Thu every such Licence shall set forth the true Name and Place of Abode

of the Person or Persons taking out the fame; and also the particular House or Place where such Business

or Dealing in Lottery Tickets shall be carried on; and such Licence (lull continue in force for twelve Ca-

lendar Months from the Date thereof, and no longer; and every Peif‘011 acting or dealing in any of the

Matters therein contained, after the Expiration of such Licence, without the Authority of a new Licence,

to be taken out in the same Manner, shall be cmifidered in every Rcfpt£t as an unlicensed Person.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Licence (h ill be granted f »r having any such

Lottery Office as aforesaid, within the Univerfries of Oxford and Can.hidge, or either of them; and if any

Licence (hill be granted for any such Lottery Office within either of the said UniverfiLes, it (lull be vo;u

and of no Lfte£t; and the Person or Persons acting under such Licence Aiall be liable to the fame Penalty

as an unlicensed Person.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall open, set up, or keep,

any Office for buying, felling, or otherwise dealing in such Lottery Tickets, as afore Lid, or any Shares

thereof, or for regiffering the Numbers of such "Pickets, without the Authority of such Licence as afore-

said, or in any other House or Place btfides that named in the Licence which he, flic, or they, shall have,

or in any other Manner contrary to such Licence, or to the Intent and Meaning of this present Act, shall

forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of ore hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to be licensed under this Act,

(hall cause the Words, Licensed to deal in Lottery Tickets, to be written or expressed, in legible Characters,

upon or near the Door in the Front of his, her, or their Office, Shop, or other Place ffir felling of

Tickets, to denote that such Person or Persons is or arc a Dealer or (dealers in Lottery Tickets, and

liable to take out a Licence; and if any Person or Persons Avail presume to fell ordeal in such Lottery

Tickets as aforesaid without complying with the said Provision, he, ihe, <»r they, so offending, IhalJ, fur

every Day in which such Offence Avail be committed, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or

cause to be forged or counterfeited, or assist in forging or counterfeiting, any Licence authorised to be

made by this Asst for the Purpose aforesaid, or shall fraudulently alter, or cause to be altered, or affilf in

altering, any such Licence as shall be really granted under this Act, or shall knowingly make Use of ary

such forged, counterfeited, or altered Licence, such Person or Pufom AvjII, for every such Offence, forfeit

the Sum 6f five hundred Pounds, one Moiety thcitof to his Majesty, his ILirs and Successors, and the

other Moiety to him that shall prosecute or sue for the same; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, in any of his MajeAy’s Courts of Record at ITcjhninster, in which no Eiffiin, Pro-

tection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, (lull be allowed; and shall also be subject to fm-

prisonment lor such Term, not exceeding lix Months, as the Court, in which the Party offending shall be

convicted, shall appoint.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Person and Persons to whom any

such Licence as aforesaid Avail be granted, shall, at the 'Lime of receiving such Licence, give Security by

Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Sliced! ms, in the Sum of one thousand Pounds, with two or more fuf-

ficient Sureties, to be approved of by t c said Commissioners, or any three or more of them; of which

Bond the Condition Aiail he, that if such Person or Perffins shall w *11 and truly conform and observe ail

the Regulations and Provisions of this Act, so far ns he, she, or they Aid! he concerned therein, such Pond

fluff be void, but otherwise to be and remain in full Force; and the said Commissioners, or any three or

more of them, are hereby authorised to take the said Bond; and if, at the End of the Year for which any

such Licence shall be granted, it Avail appear, to the Satisfaction of the said C nmmissioners, or any three or

more of them, that the Person or Persons entering into any such Bond hath or have acted in conformity

to the Directions and Provisions of this Act, during the Year for which the licence Anil be granted, then

the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to cause such Bond to be de-

livered up and cancelled; but otherwise the said Commissioners fnffil (unlofs they (lull fee sufficient Reason

to forbear from Prosecution) cause every such B nd to be prosecuted.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, to whom any such Licence

as aforesaid shall be granted, shall be convicted of any Offence ngainit this Abt, whether on Prosecution

of the Bond to be given rn Manner aforesaid, or on Prosecution for any Penalty whatever under this Act,

such Conviction Aiail operate as a Forfeiture of such Licence, and from thenceforth the fame shall be void;

ami me said Commissioners may, if they shall think fit, refuse to grant to the Person or Persons so convicted

a Licence in future.

XI And be it further enacted, That no such Office for Lottery Ti:kcts, and so to be licensed as afore-

said, Anil be open for the Transaction of any Business, under such Licence, before the Hour of Eight of

the Clock in the Morning, nor after the Hour of E'ght of the Clock in the Ev- ning, except on the Even-

ing of the Saturday preceding the Drawing of any Lottery; and if any such Office or PL.ce shall be wil-

fully kept open, in point of Time, contr3* v to this Ac!, the Person or Persons licensed to keep such Office

fluff, for every such Offence, forfeit fifty lffiunds.

XII. And whereas the dividing nf Tickets in a Lottery into very fen all Simeons been found mif-

chievousbe it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons. so to be licensed fell

zed /XJ< tL any

