A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo tertio Georgii III. C. 84. 407

Money which cin be appropriated for that Purpose ; and the fame shall be applied, in the first place, for B*-

answering and paying aJl such Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges, as /Hall have grown due in respect

of the Exchequer Pills made our, iiVued, and circulated, as aforesaid ; and in the next place, as far as the Application

fame will extend, for paying oft', cancelling, and discharging, all such of the said Exchequer Bills as shall 1 txt0 '

then remain uncancelled.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Company im-v

said United Company to set apart and apply, at Christmas next, so much Money as shall be equal to four powered topay

Pounds per Centum on the Capita] of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, as and fora Dividend to half/

the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company for Haifa Year, from the fifth Day of July, one thousand yezr\y Dividend,

-seven hundred and eighty-three, to the fifth Day of "January, one thousand seven hundred and e\gt\ty-four9

XL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Deficiency of two hundred fifty- Deficiency of

five thousand eight hundred and thirteen Pounds, appearing in the said annual Account made up to the first

Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, shall be carried forward as a Charge in the c*un^to^e carl

Account of the present Year. ried forward as a

4 XII. And whereas sundry Drawbacks of Part of the Duties of Customs payable on East India Goods, Charge in thi»

4 are allowed on the Exportation of such Goods from this Kingdom, the Debentures for which Drawbacks Vcar’i Account,

4 are often paid to the East India Company as Cash, in Part of Payment of Goods sold at the Company^

4 Sales : And whereas the said Debentures cannot be received and allowed, by the Officers of his Majesty's

4 Customs, in Payment of any Duties of Customs other than the Customs due for the fame Species of . a

‘ Goods for which the said Debentures arc made, by reason whereof the said Company are often obliged to '

* keep the said Debentures for a great Length of Time / be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That all and every Debentures, for Payment of any Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs on East India Clause relative

Goods, shall at all Times be received from the United Company of . Merchants of England trading to the *5 Payment of

East Indies, by the Officers of his Majesty’s Customs, in Payment of any Kind of Duties of Customs due D^backs o*

from the said United Company on East India Goods, in like Manner as if such Debentures were paid in India

for Duties of Customs due on the fame Kind of Goods therein mentioned and contained. Goodi.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to enable his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills*

to pay off and discharge the Debts due and owing on the Civil List.

* TT 7HER E AS there was due and owing, on the fifth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and Preambled

* VV eighty-three, for the Expence of his Majesty’s Civil Government, the Sum of fifty thousand five

4 hundred and seventy-six Pounds, fourteen Shillings, and Three-pence Halfpenny : And whereas it teex-

4 pedient that the said Sum of fifty thousand five hundred anefseventy six Pounds, fourteen Shillings,' and

4 Three-pence Halfpenny, should be paid and discharged with all possible Speed: And whereas it hath

* been resolved, That a further Sum, not exceeding thirty-five thousand Pounds, and also a further Sum*

4 not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds, be raised, for paying off and discharging the Debts due and ow- :

4 ing upon the Civil List on the said fifth Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, now,

4 to the End that no Want or Failure may happen or be made in such Grant, and the Application of the

4 fame, and for the better supplying the said Sums of thirty-five thousand Pounds, and twenty thousand

4 Pounds, in the most effectual Manner for the Purposes aforesaid/ be it enacted by the King’s most Ex-

cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to Commissionert

and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, by their Warrant or Warrants, to direct or cause to be prepared of the Treasury

and made, at the Exchequer, any Number of Exchequer Bills, in the lame Manner, Form, or Older, and

according to the fame or like Rule's or Directions, as in and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament

(intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the

Service of the Year one thousand Jtvcn hundred and cigbty-tkreeare enacted and prescribed, concerning the

• Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of the said Aft\ and to be made forth for such Sum or bums

of Money as they shall think most proper and convenient, so as all the principal Monies to be contained in

the said Bills, to be made by virtue of this Act, do not exceed in the Whole the said Sums of thirty-five

thousand Pounds, and twenty thousand Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes,

Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said last men-

tioned Act, rel.itingto the Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the fame Act (except fuchClaufi* as

do charge the fame i n the Taxes granted by the fame Act, and except such Clauses as limit the Rate of In-

terest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act), shall be applied and ex-

tended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents

and Purposes, as if the said Exchequer Rills had been originally authoriicd by the said last mentioned Act,

or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this

present Act ; and the Commissioners of the Treasury are hereby authorised and impowered to cause the said

Exchequer Bills to be made out as aforesaid, to be placed as so much Cash in the Chests of the respective

Tellers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, and to direct the said Tellers to issue Money for the Purposes of

this Act in lieu thereof.

impowered to

raise 55,000!.

by Exchequer

Bills.

The Clauses in

toe Land Tax

Act relating to

Bill?,

(except, Sec.)

extended to this

Act.

Ill And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills which shall be made in

pursuance of this Act, and all the Charges and Expences incident to, or attending the fame, in any Man-

ner whatsoever, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the hereditary and temporary

Revenues, and any other the Duties and Revenues which do or shall compose the Fund, commonly called

G g g z rv ■ C

6 b  Vj CJ

Money to be

r»ifeJ by thi*

Act {hall be

cha ged on the

Aggregate

Fuad.

