2 26 C. 60. Anno vicesimo fecundo G tot on III. A. a. D. 1782.

P -nnhy on Per*

fans enticing

Workmen em*

pl< veH in prim-

ing Calicoes,

C< &c.

to leate the

Kingdom*

Prosecution to

be ton.menced

Mvitnin twelve

Months.

Penalty on er-

por'ing or at-

tempting to cx-

porr, any Blocks,

Plates, &c. used

in the said Ma-

nufactory.

Officers ?m-

powerrd to ftixe

such Blocks, &c»

as Oiall be at-

tempted to be

exported.

Penalty on Cap-

tains, Matters,

Ikc. who shall

permit furh

Blocks, Plates,

Ac. to be put on

board theur Vct-

Itls,

Penalfy cn Of-

ficers who

shall take

any Entry out-

ward for export-

ing any of the

fold Blocks, &c

Application of

forleituicr.

Limitation of

ACtiona.

Central I due.

• > ^ .. 1 •

the passing oF this Act, iF any Person or Persons shall contract with, entice, perfuJ^Sxndeavour to fe-

duce or encourage, any Artificer or Workman concerned or employed, or who l.1f:e :,^rve worked at, or

been employed in, printing Callicoes,'Cottons, Muslins, or Linens of any Sort, t' making or preparing

any Blocks, Plates, Engines, Tools, or Utensils, for such Manufactory, ;u out of Great Britain, to

any Parts beyond the Seas, and shall be convicted thereof, upon Indictment or Information in the Court of

King’s Bench at Westminster, or by Indictment at the Affixes or General Goal Delivery for the County or

Place wherein such Offence shall be committed, or the Offender or Offenders shall live or rclide, or by In*

distment in the Court of Judiciary, or any of the Circuit Courts in Scotland, as the Cafe may be ; every

Person so convicted shall, for every Artificer so contrafted with, enticed, periuaded, encouraged, or fe-

duced, or attempted so to be, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great

Britain, and shall be committed to the common Gaol for the County, Place, or Stewartry, wherein the Of-

fender or Offenders shall be convicted, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of

twelve Calendar Months, and until such Forfeiture shall be paid ; and in case of a subsequent Offence of

the fame Kind, the Person or Persons so again offending, shall, upon the like Conviction, forfeit and pay,

for every Person so contracted with, enticed, persuaded, encouraged, or seduced, or attempted so to be,

the Sum of one thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and shall be committed to the com-

mon Goal as aforesaid, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for and during the Term of two

Years, and until such Forfeiture shall be paid.

II. Provided always, That no Person shall be prosecuted for any of the Offences aforesaid, unless such

Prosecution shall be commenced within the Space of twelve Calendar Months next after such Offence shall

be committed.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and -after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for

any Person or Persons whomsoever to export from Great Britain to any Parts beyond the Seas, any Blocks,

Piates, Engines, Tools, or Utensils, commonly used in, or which are proper for the preparing, working

up, or finithing of the Callico, Cotton, Muffin, or Linen Printing Manufactures, or any Part or Parts of

such Block?, Plates, Engines, Tools, or Utensils; and if any Person or Persons shall put or endeavour to

put on board any Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter, or ether Vessel, not bound directly to feme Port in Great

Britain, any such Blocks, Plates, Engines, Tools, or Utensils, or Part or Parts thereof, every such Per-

son shall forfeit all such Blocks, Plates, Engines, Tools, or Utensils, or Part or Parts thereof; and also

shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be recovered by

Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at W'ejhnhiper, or

in the Court of Session in Scotland, respectively, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor

mote than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act,it shall be lawful for any Of-

ficer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs or Excise, and they are hereby required and directed, from Time to

Time, to seize, and secure in some of his Majesty’s Warehouses, all such Blocks, Plates, Engines, Tools,

or Utensils, or Part or Parts thereof, the Exportation whereof is hereby prohibited, as he or they (hallfind,

or be informed to be on board, or in a Way of being put on board any Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter, or

other Vessel, not bound directly to some Port in Great Britain; and all Blocks, Plates, Engines, Tools, or

Utensils, or Part or Parts thereof, so feizrd, shall, after Condemnation thereof in due Course of Law, be

publickly sold to the best Bidder, to be ufeu in Great Britain, and not elsewhere ; and one Moiety of the

Produce shall goto the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Officer

or Officers who (hull have seized and secured the fame.

V. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the passing of this Act, if the Captain, Master,

Mate, or other Offfcr, of any Ship or other Vessel in Great Britain or Ireland, shall willingly or knowingly

permit or suffer any such Blocks, Plates, Engines, Tools, or Utensils, or Part or Parts thereof, to be put

on board his or their Ship or other Vessel, or shall connive at the fame being done, he or they shall, for

every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to

be recovered as the Penalties by this Act imposed on Persons exporting Blocks, or other Things, as afore-

said, are directed to be recovered ; and if the Ship or Vessel belongs to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

the Captain, or other Officer or Officers thereof, so permitting, suffering, or conniving, shall, besides for-

feiting the said Sum of one hundred Pounds, be, and is and are hereby declared to be incapable of holding

any Office or Commission under his Majesty, his Heirs or Sucre (Tors.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Officer or Officer#

of his Majesty’s Customs shall take, or knowingly and willingly permit or allow, or suffer to be taken*

any Entry or Entries outward, or sign any Cocket or Cockets or Suff erance, for the shipping or exporting

of any of the said Blocks, Plates, Engines, Tools, or Utensils, or Part or Parts thereof, or knowingly

suffer the fame'to be done, he or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds of lawful Mo-

ney of Great Britain, to be recovered in Manner aforesaid ; and shall also forfeit and lose his or their Office

or Employment, and be for ever rendered incapable of holding any Office or Employment under his Ma-

jesty, his Heirs or Successors.

VII. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of the respective Forfeitures, by this Act inflicted on

Offenders against the fame, shall, when recovered, go and be applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Hein

and Successors; and the other Moiety to the Use of the Person 01 Persons who shall sue and prokcutc for

the fame lespectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit A)act be commenced against any Person for

what he shall do in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar

Months next after ihe Fast committed ; and the Person so sued shall and may file common Bail, and enter

a common Appearance, and plead the General Issue-Not guilty, and may give this Act arnd the facial Mat-

ter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become Aonfuit, or suffer Discontinuuncc, or if 2

1 Verdi#

