A.D. 1783. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii IIL C. 18. 439

* /

Warning being given them, to assist at repairing the Highways with their Carts and Wains for the Days Land?, to work

ascertained by Law; and that a)I Householders, not being Servants hired by the Year, nor liable to fend "

out Carts or Wains, shall be obliged, when required, to perform Statute Work annually on the High- ways'

Ways by themselves, or by Persons properly employed by them. '

V. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly provided and declared, That no Person shall be obliged Statute Service

to perform Service, or send out Carts or Wains to the Highways, during the Period of Seed-time or f^ed^Seed*

Harvest in that Part of the Country where he or she live. ; hme or Harveth-

VI. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to oblige the Brewers residing within the City of Brewers in

Edinburgh, or the Common Carts of Leith and Edinburgh, to perform any Wotk whatsoever on the said Edinburgh, and

Roads. - the common

Carts of Leiih and Edinburgh, exempted.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Competition*monfcy leviable from House-

holders within the City of Edinburgh, Canongate, and Suburbs of the City, and from the Inhabitants of

Leith) in lieu of Statute-work, shall be applied in the same Manner, and to the fame Purposes, to which

they were appropriated by former Acts \ any Thing contained in the present Act to the contrary notwith-

standing.

VIII. Provided always, That if any Person shall be required to perform the said Service during the

Time he or she shall be employed in leading Sea*ware from the Shore, it shall be optional to the Person so

required to liberate him or herself from Performance of the Service at that Time, upon Payment of the

Value thereof, returnable upi n his or her actually performing the Service within two Weeks after they

shall have been required to perform as aforesaid.

IX. And it is hereby further provided, That no Person liable as a Householder, who occupies a House

whereof the yearly Rent or Value is twenty Shillings Sterling, or under, shall be obliged to perform Ser-

vice on the Highways at any Time, otherways than upon Payment to them of the ordinary Rate of Labour

in that Part of the Country.

X. Provided always. That in place of the personal Service of any Person or Persons by this Act liable

to the Repair of the said Roads, or, instead of the Attendance of his or their Servants and Carriages, it

shall and may be lawful for the Heritors aforesaid in the several Parishes, or Persons properly authorised by

them, if they shall find it necefl'iry, annually to demand a Conversion in Money for all or any Part of the

Services above mentioned, after the Rate of Three-pence Sterling by the Day for each Man\ Twelve-

pence by the Day for each Man and Cart with one Horse; Eighteen-pence by the Day for each Man

and Cart with two Horses ; and for Wains in Proportion, where the Custom is to work with Oxen:

Which Money so to be raised and collected in Manner herein-before and after mentioned, is and shall be

veiled in the said Heritors, and the fame ro be applied and dispoftd of by them for the Purposes for which’

they are by Law intended, the reasonable Charg s expended, or that shall be paid in or about or by reason

ofpafiing this Act of Parliament, being first deducted.

XI. And be it further en.ifted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Whole of the aforesaid Sums shall

be paid, on or before the Twentieth Day of Jpril yearly, to a Collector or Collectors to be appointed by

the Heritors aforesaid, within their respective Parishes, who are to keep an exact Account of the Money

so to be collected, and who are to have the CuTlody of the Tofils belonging to the Highways; and which

Collector or Collectors shall be allowed a suitable Gratification for their Trouble, at the Discretion of the

Heritors.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, liable as aforesaid,

shall refuse or neglect, on or before the said Day, to pay the aforesaid Conversion, or to perform Services

on the Highways when required, it shall be lawful L r the Sheriff Deputy, or his Substitute, or for the

Justices of Peace, or any two of the said Justices, to grant Summary Warrants for poinding the Effects of

the Deficient, for Payment of the converted Values as above mentioned, and a Third Part more; which

Warrants shall be granted, 2nd the said Sheriff Deputy, or his Subifitute, and the Justices aforesaid, are

required and impowered to grant, upon an Application made by the said Collector or Collectors, and an

Attestation in Writing, figr.ed by him or them, or by the Overseers of the Highways in the said County,

bearing that the Persons corr pi fined on had been deficient in prying the Conversion above mentioned, or in

coming out to the Highways to perform the Services thereon, when required so to do, at lead fourteen

Days before.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly provided and declared, That it shall and may be law-

ful for the Sheriff Deputy, or his SuMlitute, or trie Justices of Peace aforesaid, to award Damages to

Treble the Value, to be paid to the Persons aggrieved by the Collectors or Overseers, if they (lull find

that the Collectors or Overseers have made a false or improper Accusation against any Person liable in Pay-

ment, as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Heritors, by Warrant under

their Hands to the Collector or Overseer aforesaid, to relieve such Persons as they know to be in indigent

Cireumflances, from the Payment of all or any Part of the said Compofuion : But it is hereby provided,

That even where the aforesaid Conversion Dial 1 be demanded, any Payment made thereof, or where an

Immunity shall be granted, it shall (fill be lawful to compel all labouring Men, not being Servants hired

by the Year, to perform Service on the Highways, for fix Days in the Year, on Payment to them of the

ordinary Rate of Labour for the Time in that Part of the Country where the Service is to be performed*,

and that under the Penalties mentioned in the former Statutes.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons keeping Horses for Draught, more than what is necef-

fary fir working the Ploughs and Carts usually kept by them, shall be obliged, for every Pair of such addi-

tional Horses, to pay the Half of the converted Value of the Service of one Plough.

7

XVI, And

Composition-

money leviable

on Householdtrt*

in Edinburgh,

&c. and Leith,

to be applied at

directed by Law#

Proviso relative

to Persons lead-

ing Sea ware

from the Shore*.

Hou feholdera

not renting a-

bove 20 s. a

Year exempted*.

Statute Labour

may be convert*

ed into a Mo-

ney Fayxtnt.

Conversion Mb*

ney to be paid

yearly.

Conversion Mo-"

ney may be le-^

vied.

Damages; may

be awarded to

Persons aggriev--

cd by Co.leftorc*

Indigent Per-

fons to be re-

lieved,

Additional

Draught Horses

chargeable to

the Repair of

the Roads,

roogle

