130 C. 65.

Anno vicesimo primp Georgi III. A.D. 1781.

The Company

to enjoy all tlift

Profits, Privi-

leges, 5ce. grant-

ed by :•: nvr

Act* or Char-

lets.

and not altered

by this Act*

Continuance of

the Term grant-

ed to the Com-

pany of the ex-

elusive Right to

trade to the East

Inc its*

The Company,

after the Deter-

mination of their

exclusive Rghf,

may continue to

trade with their

Joint Stock, &c.

What shall be

tieeir.ed a good

Notice to the

Company,

The Territorial

Acqnifitions to

remain in the

Possession of the

Company,

Kn;v the Profits

arising from the

Territorial Ac-

^ui fit ions, and

the Trade of the

or from, the said East Indies, orother the Limits or Parts aforesaid, contrary to the true Meaning hereof,

all and every such Offender and Offenders shall incur the Forfeiture and Loss cf all the Ships and Vtflels

which shall be employed in such Voyage, Trade, Traffick, or Adventure, with the Guns, Tackle, Ap-

parel, and Furniture, thereunto belonging; and also all the Goods laden thereupon, or that were, or

shall be sent to, acquired, traded, trafficked, or adventured, within the said East Indies, or Parts afore-

said, and all the Proceeds and Effects of the fame, and every of them, and double the Value thereof;

which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be so sued for, seized, difiubuted and distributable, recovered and

recoverable, as in and by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the First (intituled, An Act for the further preventing his Majestys Subjects from trading to the Ealt Indies

underforeign Comnv'[[ions ; and for encouraging, and further fcuring, the lawful Trade thereto \ and for jur-

ther regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Ijle of Ounce), is appointed, directed, and enadtvd*.

concerning the Penalties and Forfeitures in that Act mentioned or referred to, with respett to the said

United Company, or their Trade to the East Indies.

IV. And moreover, it is hereby enjtBed by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company of

Merchants of England trading to the East Indies shall, at all Times hereafter for ever, subject as aforesaid*

have, hold, and enjoy, ani be intitled unto* all and every the Profits, Benefits, Advantages, Privileges,

Franchises, Ahilit c>, Cap ci ics, Powers, Authorities, Rights, Remedies, Methods of Suir, and all Pe-

nalties an I Forfeitures, and Disabilities, Provifnns, Matters, and Things v/hatsoever* which hv any for-

mer Act or Acts of Parliament, or by any Charter or Charters founded thereupon, or by any Ciause or

Cl tufis in tr.e said Acts or Charters contained, are enacted, given, granted, provided, inflicted, limited,

eftaol fheo or declared, to, for, touching, or concerning the said Company, or Body Politic and Corporate,

eiihe by the Name of The General Society, intitled to the Advantages given by an At7 cf Parliament for ad~

varying a Sum not exceeding two Millions, for the Service of the Crown of England, or the said Body Politic

and Corporate, called by the Name of The English Company trading to the East Indies, or the said Body

Politic and Corporate, now called by the Name ot The United Company cf Merchants of England trading to

the East Indies, and not by this Act altered, or intended to be altered, act o. ding to the 'i enor and true

Meaning of the said Acts and Charters, freed and discharged from all Provisoes and Conditions of Re-

demption and Determinaiion therein contained ; and the fame, and every of them, are hereby ratified and

confirmed, and fha'l continue to be held and enjoyed, and be practised, and put in Execution, by th«

said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their Successors, for the

better and more effectual h tiling and securing to them, and their hucctflbrs, the whole, fide, and exclu-

five Trade to the East Indies. and Parts aforesaid ; and for the preventing all other his Majesty’s Subjects

trading thither, and for securing also their Pofldfi;ns, Estate, and Effects, and governing their Affairs and

Business, in all Respects as fully and effectually as if the fame Profits, Benefits, Advantages, Trade, Pri-

vileges, Fianchifes, Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authoiities, Rights, Remedies, Methods of Suit, Pe-

nalties, Forfeitures, Disabilities, Provisions, Matters, and Things, were feveraEy reptated, and at large

re-enadf d, in the Body of this Act; subject nevertheless to such Reitridions, Covenants, and Agreements*

as are contained in the said Acts and Letters Patent now in Force, and not herein or hereby varied or al-

tered, and lubjed also to the Proviso herein-after mentioned.

. V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time, upon

three Years Notice to be given by Parliament, after the first Day of March, which (lvall be in the Year

of our Lord one thous nd seven hundred and ninety-one, upon the Expiration of the said three Years, and

Repayment to the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indus, or their Suc-

cefibrs, of the Lid Capital btovk. Debt, or Sum of four millions two hundred thousand Pounds, and al)

Arrets of Annuity payable in respect thereof, in case the fame shall nut have bten befoie repaid ; then,

and from thenceforth, and not before, or sooner, the said Right, Ti lc, and Intend, of th said United

Company of .Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to the whole, foie, and exclusive Tiade to

the East Indies, and Parts afi.refaid, shall ccafe and determine.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in the above Pioviso, or m any

Proviso in rbe said Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his Lid late Majesty King William the f bird,

or in the said Charter of the fifth Day of September, in the tenth Year of his said late Reign, or

in any other Act or Charter contained, (lull extend, or be confiiued to extend* to determine the Corpo-

ration of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or to hinder, pre-

vent, or exclude, the said United Company from carrying on, at all Times after such Determination of

the Right to t.:e foie, whole, and exclusive Trade, as aforesaid, a free Trade in, to, and from the East

Indies, and Parts aforesaid, with all or any Part of their own Joint Stock in Trade, Goods, Merchan-

dizes, Elftate, and Eftedls, in common with other the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

trading in, to, c r from those Parts.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Notice in Writing, signified by

the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, by Order of the said House, shall be deemed

and adjudged a due and proper Notice by Parliament, to and for all ihe Ends, Intents, ami Purposes, for

which such Notices are directed by this ASX to be given to the said Company.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Territorial Acquisitions and

Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies shall remain in the Pofh lfion of the United Company of Mer-

chants of England trading to the East Indies, for and during the 'Perm of the exclusive Trade granted to

the said United Company.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first: Day of Marcby

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, for and during so long Time as the said United Company*

under the Authority of this present A&, shall be intitled to the whole, foie, and exclusive Trade and

Trafficking to* and from the East Indits> and Places aforesaid, the \vhole clear Profits anfing from the

iaid

