2\8

Prcioible*

granting Patent

'Offion to be

executed in tho

Colonies, re-

ft rifted.

Governor and

Council may

amove Officer*

for Negltft of

Dutji

Jfctaay grant

leave of Ab-

sence.

*6ub/ifling

Grants not to be

prejudiced by

PieimMe.

ftecltal of

.8 Sc 9 Gul* iil*

Cap. 34.

C. 75—7 Anno vicesimo secundo Georgi III. A.D. 1782.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to prevent the granting in future any Patent Office to be exercised in any Colony or

Plantation now, or at any Time hereafter, belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, for

any longer Term than during such Time as the Grantee thereof, or Person appointed

thereto, shall discharge the Duty thereof in Person, and behave well therein.

WHEREAS the Practice of granting Offices in his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America»

and the liejl Indies, to Persons resident and intending to rtfide in Great Britain (in consequence

4 whereof such Offices are exercised by Deputy, and have been frequently farmed out to the best Bidder),

4 has been long complained of as a Grievance by his Majesty’s loyal Subjects in those Parts, who have been

4 thereby exposed to Exactions and Oppressions, as well as to Inconveniences arising from Neglect of

4 Duty / may it please your Majesty that it maybe enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth

no Office to be exercised in any Colony or Plantation now, or at any Time hereafter, belonging to the

Crown of Great Britain^ shall be granted or grantable by Patent for any longer Term than during such

Time as the Grantee thereof, or Person appointed thereto, shall discharge the Duty thereof in Person, and

behave well therein.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons holding such

Office, shall be wilfully absent from the Colony or Plantation wherein the fame is or ought to be exercised,

without a reasonable Cause to be allowed by the Governor and Council for the Time being of such Colony

or Plantation, or shall neglect the Duty of such Office, or otherwise misbehave therein, it shall and may be

lawful to and for such Governor and Council to amove such Person or Persons from every or any such Of-

fice: And in case any Person or Persons so amoved shall think himftlf aggrieved thereby, it shall and may

be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so aggrieved to appeal therefrom, as in other Cafes of Appeal

from such Colony or Plantation, whereon such Amotion shall be finally judged of and determined by his

Adajesty in Council.

III. Provided always. That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Council of any Colony or Plantation

to give such Leave of Absence as they shall fee Occasion; and in such Cafe, as likewise in the Cafe of Va-

cancy occasioned by Death or Amotion, to provide for the due Discharge of the Duties of such Office or

Offices until the King’s Pleasure shall be known.

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall operate to the Prejudice of any subsisting Grant

af such Office or Office^, or to prevent any Office being granted determinable at Pleasure.

CAP. LXXVI.

jAn Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein

mentioned.

CAP. LXXVII.

iAn Act to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement between the Mayor and Commonalty

and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Ho(-

pitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Christ, Brideivell, and Saint Thomas the Apqflle, and of

the Hospitals of Henry the Eighth, King of England, called The House of the Pcory in JVcfl Sniithfieldy

near London, and of the House and Hospical called Beth clem y and the JrrefiJcnts, Treasurers, and Acting

Governors, of the said several Hospitals.

CAP. LXXVIIL

An Act to permit Drugs, the Product of Hungary or Germany, to be imported from the

' Austrian Netherlands, or any Part of Germany, upon Payment of the Single Duty; to al-

low the Importation of Hungary or German Wines, and organzined Thrown Silk from

the Austrian Netherlands, or any Part of Germany, into Great Britain, and of Timber,

and other Goods, from any Part of Europe, in Ships the Property of Subjects under

the fame Sovereign as the Country of which the Goods are the Growth, Produce or Ma-

nufacture.

4 '\ WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of King

William the Third, intituled, An Act for the lessening the Duty upon Tin and Pewter exported, and

4 granting an Equivalent for the fame by a Duty upon Drugsy after reciting. That whereas by an Act, made

in the twelfth Year of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, A Subjidy granted to the King of Ton-

4 nage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandises exported and imported, it was pro-

vided, That all Drugs imported directly from the Place of their Growth in English built Shipping, be

rated one third Part of what is charged in the Book of Rates, and no more, it was, amongst other

4 Things, enacted, That the Subsidy to be received for all Drugs, imported directly from the Place of their

? prowth in Ev.gUJb built Shipping, shall be according to the full Value on the respective Species enume-

$ 1 rated

e

