A.D. 1781; Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C. 31* 39

Duties as are imposed on Servants in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Receipt of E*ch*e in

and Management of the Commissioners and Officers of Excise in Scotland for the Time being, who are ?nogt|^ gefcc*

hereby respectively impjwered to appoint proper Officers for collecting and receiving the fame; and all rcpc"

Monies arising from the fa id Duties (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame ex-

cepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at bVcJlmin/hry and

shall be applied to the Uses and Purposes by the said first recited Act dirtied.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Matter or Miflrcfs who, on the said Every Matter or

twenty-first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, shall retain or employ any Male M'ttrefs who.

Servant in the Capacity of Maitre d'Hotel, House-steward, Mailer of the Horse, Groom of the Chamber, onoMaZ f/'

Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under-butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confectioner, Cook, House-porter, puyJ’any\ff™~

Footman, Running-footman, Coachman, Groom, Postilion, Stable-boy, and the respective Helpers in Servant in any

the Stables of such Coachman, Groom, or Postilion, or in the Capacity of a Gardener (not being a Day edacity hercia

Labourer), Park-keeper, Game-keeper, Huntsman, or Whipper-in, respectively chargeable by the said «nlj™cr*t*b

Act, whether such Servants shall then be retained or employed in one or more of the said Capacities, or so't *DayVafter

in any other Business jointly with 002 or more of the said Capacities of a Servant, shall, within forty Days deliver 7 coma

after the said twenty first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, ddiver, or cause to Lift of such S*r-

be delivered, at the Office of Excise next to the Place where any such Master or Mistress respeClively shall vj»us atthenext

then be refiiert, a correct Lift, signed’by him or her (or by his or her known Steward or Agent) ; in Exc,rc °lEcr*

which Lift shall be ioferted and ftKcified the true Number of Male Servants by him or her at that Time

retained or employed, the ChristUn and Surname of each fu;h Servant, the Office or Capacity in or for

which each Servant is retained or employed ; and every such Master or Mistress shall respectively, at the and/bail then

Time of delivering in such Lift, pay down the Duties by the said Act imposed for every Male Servant so p»y the Duties

retained and employed. for them.

4 IV. And whereas it may happen that the Commissioners appointed by the said before-recited Act,

1 made in the seventeench Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for carrying the said Act into Execution,

1 may, since the twenty-fifth Day of March now last past, have nominated Assessors for collecting the

c Duties upon Servants for the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and such Aileflors may have

* given or left the Notices or Warning to the several Masters and Miftresses, as by the said Act directed,

4 and some of those Masters and Miftresses may have delivered in Lifts of their several Servants in pur-

* fuance of such Notices ; now, to obviate all Confusion in collecting of the said Duties on Servants by

€ the said Act imposed/ it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all such Notices so given or left .NVices given by

by any such Afltftbrs, and all such Lifts as may have been delivered in by any Master or Mistress in con- Aireflors, and

sequence of such Notices since the twenty-fifth Day of March now 12ft past, shall be null and void ; in^Anrc^March

any Thing in the said before-recited Act or Acts, or in either of them, to the contrary in any wise not- lobe

withstanding. ’ % void.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Master or Mistress respectively, Every Master,

who, after the said twenty-first Day of May\ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, shall begin to Ac. who, after

retain or employ any such Male Servant as aforesaid, in any of the Lid Capacities, shall, within .twenty May at, 17

Days after he or she respectively shall begin to retain or employ any such Male Servant or Male Servants, bfsin f? ltm '

deliver, or cause to he delivered, at the Office of Excise next to the Place where he or she shall then be se?rin7 shall

reftdent, a like Lift, signed as aforesaid *, in which Lift shall be inserted and specified the true Number of within \wenzy

Male Servants by him or her at that Time retained or employed, the Christian and Surname of each such Da>s, deliver •*

Servant, the Office and Capacity in or for which each such Servant is retained or employed ; and every Lift at the next

such Master or Mistress respectively shall, at the Time of delivering in the said Lifts, pay down the Duties Exc^cOiftce,Ac.

by the said Act imposed for every Servant so retained or employed ; and if at any Time within twelve if he in- ’

Calendar Months after such Master or Mistress shall have or ought to have delivered in such Lifts as afore-( cTcaf« thoNom.

said, he or (lie shall increufc the Number of his or her Male Servants, in any of the Capacities before h^ibaTi"

mentioned, then, and in every such Cafe, every such Master or Mistress respectively shall, within twenty twenty

Days after he or she shall have made such Increase, deliver, or cause to be delivered, at the Office of Ex- Days, deliver i*

cite next to the Place where he or she shall at that Time refiJe, a like correct Lift, signed as aforesaid, atrc/hLift,

and shall specify therein the true Number of Male Servants so increased, the Christian and Surname of

each such Servant, the Office and Capacity in or for which such Servant is retained or employed ; and

such Master or Mistress respe<2ively shall, at the fame Time, pay down the Duties payable for each Ser-

vant so increased beyond the Number specified in their former Lifts.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each 2nd every Master and Mistress who The Ll/hto b*

shall have delivered, or who is obliged to deliver in such List or Lists as aforesaid, is and are hereby re- renewed, «nd

quired, at or within twenty Days after the Expiration of twelve Calendar Months, reflectively after the tbc ^aty F*ld*.

Times of delivering, or being obliged to deliver such Lifts, to deliver a fresh Lift in Manner aforesaid, annually*

and pay down the Duties according to the true Number of Male Servants by him or her respectively at

that Time retained or employed in any of the Capacities before mentioned, and for which the said Duty

is by the said first-recited Act imposed, and in the same Manner to renew such Lift, and make such

Payment, from Year to Year, as long as he or she shall respectively retain or employ any such Servant or.

Servants.

VII. And be it further enailed by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where any Matter or. How those ,

Mistress shall have diVers Houses or Places of Residence, and shall retain or employ in each fuph Bouse ^c.

or Place of Residence any Servant or Servants chargeable with the Duty by the said Act imposed / and, u> ^diverr^,m

all Cafes where any Master or Mistress shall retain or employ any such Servant or Servants chargeable as £1 ofCRtii-

aforesaid, at any Place not being the House or Place of Residence of any such Master or Mistress, every dCncc.

such Master or Mistress respectively shall, and they are hereby required, within the Space of one Month

after the Delivery of such Lifts respettively, and Payment of the said Duties, as herein-before required,^©-

*^*

