A.D. 1781. Anno vicesimo primq Georgii III.

C* 55'

85

executing (hit

Act.

Acts of Parliament now in Force, relating to his Majesty’s Duties upon Coffee, Tea, or Cocoa Nuts, ^uts»*c. ftail

are provided, settled, or established, for managing, railing, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, bcmforcc ,a

mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for prevent-

ing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto (other than in such Cafes for which other Penalties

and Provillons are made and prescribed by this Act), shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put

in Execution, m and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, ascertaining, adjudging,

mitigating, enforcing, and securing the /aid Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts hereby imposed, and for

preventing, detesting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and e/Feftually, to all Intents and

rurposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, and

Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were specially repeated, and again enacted, in the liuuy of

this present Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies by and in respect of the

Duties hereby granted and imposed on Cocoa Nuts (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for

the fame excepted) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at

Westmwjler,.'and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied to the fame Ufcs and Purpffies,

in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the Monies arising by the Duties on Chocolate hereby

repealed were by the said Act, made in the tenth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, appropriated unto,

and directed to be issued and applied.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Rules, Regulations,

Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by any Act or Acts of Parliament prescribed or enjoined for the

packing, papering, tying, (lamping, and marking, and for vending of Chocolate made in Great Britain,

shall continue to be observed and put in Practice as to all Chocolate hereafter to be made in Great Britain,

as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if each and every the said Rules, Regulations, Directions, Pe-

nalties, and Forfeitures, were here again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

X. And, to the Intent that the inland Duty by this Act granted upon Cocoa Nuts may not be too

4 burthensome upon the Importers thereof,’ it is hereby further provided and enacted, That, from and

after the said fifth Day of July* one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, all such Cocoa Nuts as shall

be imported into this Kingdom, upon the Entry thereof at the Custom-house, and paying or securing the

Custom Duties imposed thereon, shall be forthwith put into Warehouses provided for that Purpose, as

directed by the said before-recited Act of the tenth Year of the Reign of King George the First; and the

Importer or Proprietor thereof shall have Power to garble and separate, in such Warehouse or Warehouses,

such Cocoa Nuts, as hath been usual to make it merchantable; and no Part of the Cocoa Nuts brought

into such Warehouse or Warehouses shall be taken or carried out of such Warehouse or Warehouses re-

spectively upon any Account whatever, but upon Payment of the Inland Duties by this Act imposed on

the said Cocoa Nuts in Manner following; that is to say, The Importer or Proprietor, or such Person or

Persons as shall be appointed by him or them, shall, for such Cocoa Nuts as shall be lodged in such Ware-

house or Warehouses within the Cities of London and Westmivjler, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, make

Entry with the Receiver or Collector of the said Inland Duties, within the said Limits, of the Quantity

of Cocoa Nuts he or {he intends to take out of such Warehouse, and pay down in ready Monty to such

Receiver or Collector the Inland Duty on Cocoa Nuts by this Act granted; and in all other Places of

Great Britain such Entries shall be m:de at the Office of Excise next to the Warehouse or Warehouses

where such Cocoa Nuts dial I be so lodged as aforesaid, and the Persan taking out the fame shall pay down*

the said Inland Duty to the Collector appointed to receive the same; and upon producing a Warrant or

Warrants, Certificate or Certificates, signed by such respective Receiver or Collector (certifying that he

How the Duller

/hall b’c app-.eJ.

Former Ruhs

relating to pack-

ing ft'TlJMOg,

&c. uf Choco-

late, to remain

in Force,

Cocoa Nut*, af-#

ter Entry at the

Custom-house,

to be put into

Warehouses, See,

and not tdkcii

thereout until

the Inland Du-

ties are paid.

Warehouse-

keeper, on re-

has received the said Inland Duties), to the respective Warehouse-keeper or Warehouse-keepers, such ",v,n| pp-r

Warehouse-keeper or Warehouse-keepers shall thereupon, at the Expence of the Person applying for the cmnc'U lbM*

fame, weigh the said Cocoa Nuts so required to be delivered out, and, afrer taking an Account of the

Quantity so weighed, shall deliver out of such Warehouse or Warehouses all the Cocoa Nuts mentioned

or expressed in such Warrant or Wan ants, Certificate or Certificates respectively, to have paid the said

Inland Duties; and the respective Warehouse-keeper and Warehouse-keepers are thereupon to give to the

Person so taking out the fame a Permit or Certificate to accompany such Cocoa Nuts so delivered out

(which Permit or Certificate shall be also signed by the Officer attending the said Warehouse), to prevent

the seizing thereof.

XL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Garble of all such Cocoa Nuts,

when garbled and secured in such Warehouse, in Manner as aforesaid, shall and mav, from Time to Time,

by the Order and Direction of the respective Commissioners of Excise, be removed out of the said Ware-

house, determined by the Officers attending the fame, and such Garble shall be forthwith burnt, or otherwise de-

ftroyed, by the Order of the said respective Commissioners.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

any Person or Persons who shall have sftually paid his Majesty’s Duties, by this Act payable upon Cncoa

Nuts, and to and lor any other Person' who £1) nil buy, or be lawfully, in titled to, any such Cocoa Nuts

from the Person who actually paid the Duties for the said Cocoa Nuts, to export such Cocoa Nuts, or

the Chocolate made of such Cocoa Nuts, to any Parts beyond the Seas by way of Merchandize j giving

a sufficient Security before the shipping thereof, that the particular Quantity of Cocoa Nuts, or of the

Chocolate so intended to be exported, and every P*rt theteof, shall be shipped and exported, and not be

relanded or brought again into any Part of Great Britain; which Security the Officer of Excise, at the

Port of Exportation, shall take in his Majesty’s Name, and to his Use $ any Statute or Usage to the con-;

trary hotwithstanding. '

XIII. Provided always. That if, after the shipping of any such Cocoa Nuts, or of such Chocolate,

and the tendering or giving such Security as aforesaid, in order to obtain the Drawback herein-asur men-

t(i by the Col-

lector, to wrigh*

anft deliver link

Cocoa Nut? as

are required, and

to give a Permit

with the fume.

The Garble to -,

be burnt.

Cotoa Nut*, fnf

which live Du-

ties have been

raid, may he

ex>i>rte.l, Uc.

giving Stcjr.ty

thit the Ui.e

fhjil not be re-

ianaed.

tioned

Penalty on re-

landing such

Coctfa Nui#, ecu

C.

