A.D. 1784. Anno vicesimo quarto Georg 11 III.

C. 3,

445

General Meeting

of Manufadturcil

appointed.

Committee to

appoint a Clerk*

* expose themselves singly to the Loss attending the Resentment of the Spinners and Work People by

4 prosecuting them for Offences against the said Acts: And whereas this important Branch of the Woollen

4 Manufacture will be greatly prejudiced thereby* unless the Manufacturers are enabled jointly to carry

4 these Laws into effectual Execution, which cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament:' May it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That a General Meeting of the Manu-

facturers of combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the County of Suffolk,

shall be held at Stow Market in the said County, on the second Tuesday in the Month of August next en-

suing after the patting of this Act, at the Hour of eleven of the Clock in the Fosenoon of the same Day,

Notice of which fhalT be given in the Ipswich and Bury Newspapers at lead twenty-one Days before the

said Meeting, by the Clerk of the Peace of the County of Suffolk; at which said General Meeting the said

Manufacturers present by themselves, or Proxies appointed by Writing under the Hand of any of such

Manufacturers, shall have Votes; and having first chosen a Chairman, the said Manufacturers shall elcdl,

nominate, and appoint fifteen Persons from amongst themselves, which said fifteen Pe/fcns so to be elcdled,

shall be a Committee of the said Manufacturers for the Time being, and until another Committee Anil be

chosen and appointed in the Manner herein-after provided, and so as often as there shall be Occasion ;

which Committee are hereby authorised and impowered to nominate and recommend two or more proper

Persons to be licensed by the Justices of the Peace of the County of Suffolk at any of their Quarter Sef-

fions for the said County, or any Adjournment thereof, to be Inspectors for the Purposes herein-after

mentioned ; and also to have the Direction of all Prosecutions of Offenders against this and the said before

mentioned Acts, and the Management of the Fund herein-after to be created, and to do all other Matters and

Things which may be deemed necessary and proper for the carrying this Act into Execution, in such

Manner as the said Committee of the Manufacturers for the Time being, cr any five or more of them, at

a publick Meeting to be assembled, shall judge and think best for the (nterest and Advantage of all the said

Manufacturers.

II. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committtee, or the

greater Part of them, ac any Genera! Meeting assembled (and they are hereby authorised and required)

from Time to Time to nominate and appoint, by Writing under their Hands, a proper Person to be their

Clerk; which said Clerk shall attend the Meetings of the said Committee, and shall in proper Books, to Hi* Duty,

be provided for that Purpose, enter and keep true and perfect Accounts of all the Acts, Proceedings, and

Transadlions of the said Committee ; and that each and every of the said Manufacturers shall and may, at

all convenient Times, have Recourse to and peruse and inspefl all such Books gratis, and may demand and

have Copies thereof, or of any Part thereof, paying Two-pence for every one hundred Words so to be

copied ; and if the Clerk shall refuse to permit any such Manufacturer to inspect such Books, or refuse to

make Copies or Extradls thereof at the Rate or Times aforesaid, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit

the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered in such Manner as any other Penalty inflicted by this Act is di-

redled to be recovered.

III. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes aforesaid a Meeting of the said Committee for the

Time being shall be held four Times in every Year; (that is to say) on the Thursday before Midsummer-

day, on the Thursday before Michaelmas-(lay, on the Thursday before the Epiphany, and on the Thursday

before Easter-day^ at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon of each and every of the said Days, who shall

have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time as Occasion may require; all which said Quarterly

Meetings of such •Committee shall be held at Bury Saint Edmunds, the first of which said Quarterly Meet-

ings shall be held on the first of the said Days on which the said Quarterly Meetings are herein-before ap-

pointed to be held, which shall first happen after the Election of such Committee as aforesaid ; and at such

first Quarterly Meeting, and every subsequent Quarterly Meeting of such Committee for the Time being,

a Chairman for each of such said Quarterly Meetings shall be chosen, and all Matters or Things which

shall come before fitch Committee for their Determination, shall be determined by a Majority of Votes of

the Members of such Committee then present, and if there shall be an Equality of Votes upon any

Question which shall come before the said Committee, then the Chairman shall have a calling Vote, by

which Vote such Question in Dispute shall be determined.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That in case there shall not at any of such Quarterly Meetings be there

present and assembled five of the Persons constituting such Committee, then, and in such Cafe, it is hereby

declared, that no Business whatsoever shall be done at such Meeting, and the Majority of the Persons then

present shall cause fourteen Days Notice to be given in the Ipswich and Bury Weekly Newspapers of such.

next Quarterly Meeting.

V. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time it shall appear to any three or more of such Com-

mittee for the Time being, that for the more effectual putting any of the Powers granted by this Ai\ into

Execution, or for settling or difeufting any Matters or Things w hatsoever relative to the fame, a special

J^leeting of such Committee is necelfar}' or expedient to be held, it shall and may be lawful for the said

three or more of the said Committee for the Time being, to dirc£l the Clerk to give Notice of such special

Meeting of the Committee to every Member thereof, setting forth the Place where and the Time when

such special Meeting shall be appointed to be held ; and in case there shall be then present at such special

Meeting five of the said Committee, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee so present to

proceed in the Execution of the Powers given by this Act to such Committee.

VI. And be it further enacted. That in case any one or more of the said Committee for the Time being

shall die, or shall decline Business as a Manufacturer, or shall go to reside in any distant Part of the King-

dom, or shall wilfully absent himself or themselves from the said Quarterly Meetings for the Space of one

Year* or refuse to act, then, and in such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee *€#

Quirterly Meet-

ing! appointed.

Chairman to be

cholen.

Question* to be

determined by t

Majority.

No Bufinefa to

be done at Quar*

ter 1 y Meeting*

unless ft*e Mem-

bers present.

Three Commit-

tee Men may

call a special

Meeting.

New Committee

Men to be chafe*

in case 01 Death,

M

mm 2

tec w

£>fC

