An Aft for allowing further Time to the Com* miflioners appointed by and in purfuance of an Aft of the Twenty third Year of His pre-fent Majefty’s Reign, intituled. An AEt for extending and improving the Trade to Africa, to inquire into the Claims of certain Creditors of the Royal African Company therein mentioned, and for the Relief of David Crichton j and for reftraining the faid Company from difpofmg of fuch of their Effefts as are therein mentioned ; and for Haying all Suits for Money due from, or on the Account of the faid Company, for the Time therein mentioned.

[Preamble

Whercas fig an 9ft of Iparliamcnt mane ant) pafifea intfje Ciocntg Saarf' tfiitfi gear of the Kcign of this 23 G‘5-11-jjjefent 99aieftp (intitulefi, An

Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa) it to 00 Ci 1=

aftefi, Chat The 9ccomprsnt Conceal of the tpigh Court of

chancery foj the time fieing,

ant) fucfi Ctoo of the other tpr tiers of the fata Court, as the

JLOJtD thigh CfianceilOl Of Great

Britain foj the time fieing, oj tloja deeper of the Cjeat &eal of Great Britain fo? the time fieing, o? the Lojas Commiffioncrs fo? the ®?cat %>eal of Great Britain fo? the

time fieing, ihoulD, from time to time, nominate fo* that 2	i2	23.	2	IcHirpofe,

IC^l

The Powers granted to the Commiffion-crs hy the recited A£\t to be in Force, for examining and Hating the Claims of the Creditors herein named.

Anno Rcgni viedimo quarto Gcorgii U. Regis.

Purpofe, BjouId be, anb they lucre thereby, conftitutcti anu' appointefl Commtifioners foj eramining into the

Claims-of-tbc-Crebrtois of the faib-JRogat African Com* pang} anb to enquire anb Rate hoto anb to hen the fame mere refpefiibely incurreb, in Cucf) fanner, as is anb by the faib act is birefteb,, together; ipith.their ©pinion of the Jufinefs anb iReafonablencfs of fucb Debts refpeftibely; anb to lay the. account,of their. Ptoceebings before the Parliament toith all conbenient &pecb: anb tohereas the faib Commtfftoners habe lain an account of their Ptoceeb* fngs befoje the parliament j but federal Claims of the Company’s ©Eficers anb ^>erbants ahioab, fo? Salaries Due to them, o? ft? Coobs folb anb beltbcreb fo? the faib Company, s (Life, anb tohich are hereafter mote, parti* cularly mentioneb, ft? to ant oft proper Vouchers from abtoab, coulb not be eramincb into toithitifthe Cime piefctibeb fot that putpofe hy the fain 2fi j be it there* fo?e enafteb by the King’s rnoft Crcellent pajefiy, by anb toith the Rbbice.anb Confent of the Roms Isspiri* tual anb Cempojal, anb Commons, in this piefcnt par* liament affembleb, anb by the authority of; the fame, Chat all anb ebety the potoers anb authorities in anb by the faib aa granten to, anb hefleb in the faib Commiflion*

ers, appointeb by o? in jmrfuance oft the faib aa. Toi ena* bling them to eramineinto the Claims of the Cvebitots of the faib Company, anb Sating the fame, toith their ©pinion thereon, ftall, fo? the purpofes. of eramining. into, anb Gating the Claims in this aa particularly mentioneb, anb no other, be anb continue in full jFo?ce, until the Ctoelfth Day of January, ©ne tboufanb feben hundred anb fifty ttoo, anb the fain Commiflioners, ot any Ctoo of them, are hereby autbojijeb anb requtteb from anb after the Ctoenty fourth Day of June, ©ne thoufanb feben hundred anb fifty one, to ptoceeb toith all conbenient ©peeb upon the Cramination of the federal Claims of the federal Perfons hereafter nam*

eb } videlicet, the Claim Of Mary Stordy, IKEltfe Of Wiliiam Stordy, Oilier anb Slbminifitatcir of Charles Orfeur Cfquire, late' «Soberno? Of James' Fort in Gambia, fot the ^>um of

jFtbe hunbjeb anb thirty fibe Pounbs, jFoutteen Shillings,

anb Pine Pence; the feberal Claims of Jordan Heyland Bigger, on TBcfjalf Of tfje 1RepiCfentatibes Of James Young, late a (RQtitet at Gambia; of Robert Rugg, ftominifitato?

Of Richard Rugg late a ©atlOJ in the Happy Deliverance ;

of Robert Brown, on Behalf of the ifieptefentatibes of

John Taylor, late jTaftO? at Gambia; Of Edmund Bed-dingfield, StHttilliGratO? Of Thomas Beddingfield, late Chief at Gambia; Of Elizabeth Ann Vicaris, Daughter Of James Conner, late Chief at James Fort, Gambia; Of Jane Paine, ©LlibOto of James Turner, 'Brother s	Of

Anno Ream vicefimo quarto Georaii II. Reeis.

J.	O	O

Of Samuel Turner, iatC Chief Of James Fort, Gambia;

the Claim cf Thomas Fotder ©fqutcc, ftccomptant ©enc* ral at Cape Coaft Cable, fo? ©PC ©fiU'u Cf tfje “Balance

QUC tO Richard Stockwell, William Hulbands, Silt. fljC faiO Thomas Boteler, Oil tfjC ©bitty filil Day Of January, ©no

thoufana fehen huuBiea anti fojty nine, foi the Sum of ©no thoufana nine bustBxca anti fifty one pouna.s, ©bir= teen Shillings, ana Sit Pence, ©too ©hitas in Coaft

Jolley ; Of tlje fain Thomas Boteler Cfquive, IatC ©I'Ctl-faret at Cape Coaft Caftle, foi the Tiralancc of bis account, on the ©birticth Day of June, ©nc thoufana fehen hum

n?eO anti fofty nine, fo? the Sum of jrine biutaica anti thirty eight pouna.s, Fine Shillings', anti ©h??e pence;

Of the faitJ William Hulbands ©fqtuve, ©CCaultCt Of Cape Coaft Caftle, fo? ©lie ©IjirU Of the Balance aue to Richard

Stockwell, William Hulbands, anB Thomas Boteler, oil the

©flirty fitfi Day of January, ©nc tboufanB Chen bmia?c3

ana lofty nine, foj the Sum of ©nc thoufana nine fjun= axea ana fifty one Pounas, ©fjirtcen Shillings, ana Sir

pence, eftne ©hires in Coaft agoney ; of the fata Richard Stockwell ©fquice, late ©rcaflirer at Cape Coaft Caftle, fox ©ne ©hita of the Balance Bue to Richard stcckweii,

William Hulbands, aitB Thomas Boteler, Oil 11)8 ©titty

firft Day of January, ©ne thoufana fehen htmapea ana fofty. nine, fox the Sum of ©ne thoufana nine ininajea ana fifty one Pounas, ©htttecn Shillings,... ana Sir pence, ©iso ©hires in Coaft agoncy, ana fuch other DemanBS as may he maae on the faiti Company hy the

faia Stockwell, Hulbands, anD Boteler, foi Sum# BiSOUtfeD

hy them in Support of the Company's Fotts ana Faftoftcs at Cape Coaft Caftle, ana the Settlements fuhoxainatc thereto, fince the faia ©hirty firft Day of January, ©ne

thoufana fehen hunaxea ana fouy nine ; ana the Claims -

Of Mary D’ Tafpas, only Sifter Of Melchior D’ Talpas, late

a Fafio’x at Gambia, fox the Balance aue to the faia Melchior D’ Tafpas, in Coaft s@oney, ah hy the laft Books

from Gambia, Batch the ©hirty fitft Day Of December,

©ne thoufana fcaen hunaxea ana foxty one,"foi the Sum of Fifty pounas, Four ■ Shillings ; of William Smith, late a Fafiox at Gambia, foi the Balance Buc to him, in Coaft agency, on the Seaenth Day of- Auguft, ©nc thoufana fehen hunaxea ana fifty, the Sum of ©too Dimaxea ana ttuenty fir Pounas, ©hirteen Shillings, ana ©en Pence;

Of Andrew Johnfon, Chief Of ail ©fit FOJt, fOJ ti)C TBa*

lance-aue to* him, in Coaft. $E>one-y, on the ©hittieth Day of June, ©ne thoufana fehen hunaxea ana foxty nine, fox the Sum. of ©ne hunaxea ana fehenty fine pounas, Sir Shillings,,ana ©icaen pence; ana alfo.the Claim of

12 V	Jonathan

h

I093

li cr in an Ac count of their iurther Demands, t5c. by i December, 17^1.

Commifiioners ro Hniili the Kxami nation of Claims by by r 2 'January ami tulay their Proceedings before the Parliament.

Jlfric'in Company not to aifpole of any ivlilitary Store.1', isc. fir 1 Year.

1094 Anno Regni vicefnno quarto Gcorgii II. Regis.

Creditorstode- Jonathan Bracebridge, aS ClCCUtO? Of Henry Turner; anb

tijC fait) Jonathan Bracebridge, aim CiyClTtCUrS Stockwell,

Hufbands, anD Boteler, are to Uclittct to the fain Commit

fioticrs an account of their further Demands on the fain

Company, on 0? befoie the Jfitft Day of December, ©ne thoufano feben hunbieb aim fifty one; anh the fain Jonathan Bracebridge, ant) SljKffiCUUS Stockwell, Hulbands, ant)

Boteler, anti all other the Crcbitois of the fain Company, tohofc Claims are oirefteh by this 9ft to be inquireb into, ate to be p?cpareb to betify theit refpeftibe Claims, on 0? befo?e the faib jfirft Day of December, ©nc thoufanb fetien htmb?eb aim fifty one 5 atm the fain Commiflxoners arc hereby require!) to clofc atm finilh their examination of ail the fain Claims, on 0? bcfo?e the Ctoelfth Day of January nert enfuing, anb to lay accounts of their p?o* ceebings hcfo?c the parliament toith all conbcnient Speeb. 9nb be it further enafteb by the authority afo?efaib.

Chat the faib Royal African Company, their Ditcfto?s, ©ificets, anb Serbants, aim ebery of them, ©all, fo? the Space of ©ne gear, to be computeb from the Se= bentcenth Day of March, ©ne thoufanb feben hunb?eb anb fifty, be, anb they are hereby, reftraineb anb bif-ablcb from afitgning, transferring, 0? bifpofing of all o? any of theit Military Sto?es, ammunition, Slabes, Canoes, Ocffels, anb Chings, neceffary fo? the We 0? Defence of their j?o?ts anb Settlementsanb all actions, Suits, anb p?ocefs bepenbing, 0? tohich (hall he hereafter commenceb 0? p?ofccuteb by any Perfon 0? per* fons, fo? Kecobery of any Debt 0? Sum of £@oney bue, o? p?etenbeb to be bue, from the faib Company, 0? from any Perfon 01 perfons fo? 0? in refpeft of any Debt 01 Debts contrafteb fo? 0? on the TBehalf of the faib Com* pany, ©all be, aitb the fame are hereby, flaycb fo? the Space of ©ne gear, to be computeb from the faib Se* benteenth Day of March, ©nc thousand feben hundred anb fifty.

9nb ibhereas in anb by the faib reciteb 9ft, after re*

citing, Chat David Crichton, in the faib 9ft mentioneb, bib, toith Croo other of the 9gcnts of the faib Royal African

Company Of England; videlicet, Thomas Chalmer anb

James Craik, in the gear ©ne thousand feben hundred anb fo?ty fibe, contraft a Debt at Cape Coaft Cattle, of ©ne thousand four hundred Pounbs, fo? anb 011 the TBcljaif of the faib Company, fo? the Suppo?t anb maintenance of their jFo?ts anb Setbants ; anb that the faib David Crichton then ftoob charges in the Cuftoby of the Sheriffs of the City of London, in Crecution on a 3lubgement obtaineb in the Court Of King’s Bench, at the Suit Of One William

Suit1: depending againll the Cuiiip.tny, Rayed tor 1 Year.

Cnnfe in the recited Ad.

Anno Regni vicefmio quarto Georgii II. Regis.

Stead foj the Debt aforesaid; toljich, together toith Colts of ©uit, anti Jnterefl tfjcreon, amounteti in tfje SHfiole to the ©um of ©nc tfjoufanb fir hundred anb four pounbs, ©irteen ©hillings, anb ©ir licence; it toas enaftcb, Chat

tfje faib David Crichton fljoulb be fojtbtoitb bifchargeb out of the Cuflobg of tlje faib ©beriffs, upon tije faib David Crichton’s gibing a ncto 3|ttbgcmcnt to the faib William Stead foj the faib ©urn nt* ©ne thousand fir hundred anb four Pounbs, fifteen ©billings, anb ©ir Pence, tetfj ©tag of Crecution thereon fo? ©nc gear, tofjicfj teas to be computeb from tlje ©ebenteentb Dag of March, ©nc tljoufanb feben bunbjeb anb fojtg nine; anb further, that tfjc faib David Crichton fljoulb enter into a TBonb to the faib william Stead, Voltb Ctoo ©urctics, to be appiobeb Of bg ©ne Of tfjc 3iubg$0 Of the Court Of Kings Bench.

in bouble the Penaltg of the faib ©urn of ©ne thousand fir hundred anb four Pounbs, ©irtcen ©billings, anb

©ir Pence, blitfj Vobicfj tbe faib David Crichton Good

cbatgeb in Cuflobg, taitb Conbition that be tfje faib David Crichton fljOUlb not Itsitfjbjato bimfelf out of England, but fljoulb aftoags be reabg, either in London o? Middlefex, ar

tbe Crpiration of tfje faib gear, to be fubjeft to ang Pjo-cefs tbe faib William Stead fljoulb think pjoper to take cut againfi fjim: 3nb toljeteas tbe faib Crichton teas bifcbargeb in purfuance thereof: 5nb tofjereas the Commtfitonets appointeb bg tfje faib 5ft to eratnine into the Claims of tfjc CrebitoiS of the faib Compang, babe, in their fftcpojt mabe to Parliament, allotoeb the Debt fo? tohicfj the faib william Stead hath the faib 3!ubgcmcut againfi the faib David Crichton, to be a Debt bue anb otoing from the faib Illegal African Compang to tf)C faib William Stead; anb the Cime of tlje faib David Crichton’s Hibcrtg being er=

pireb, it is rcafonable that the fame fljoulb be further cm largeb; be it therefore enafteb bg the authojitg afojcfaib, Chat the ©tag of the faib Crecution, on the faib Jubgc*

ment giben bg the faib David Crichton to tlje faib William

stead, purfuant to the faib 5ft, be further enlargeb fo? tbe ©pace of ©ne gear, to be computeb from the jrirfi Dag of May, ©ne tfjoufanb feben fjunbjeb anb fiftg one; anb that the faib David Crichton bo enter into a TBonb to the faib William Stead, tuitTj Ctoo ©urcties, to be appjobeb of bg ©ne of tfje lubges of the Court of King’s Bench, in boubie tfje penaltg of the faib ©urn of ©ne tfjoufanb fir hundred anb four "pounbs, ©irteen ©billings, anb ©ir

Pence, toitfj tobicb the faib David Crichton fioob cbarg= cb in Cuflobg, mitb Conbition that the faib David

Crichton toil! not tDttfsBJata fjimfClf out Of England, bUt

toill alloars be reabg, either in London oi Middlefex, at

4	the.

I09y

Stiy of Execution of the judgement given by David Crichton to William Stcaa enlarged tor iYear,iff.

Ic'■)5	A 'ino Rerun vicefmio quarto Geordi II. Reois.

tf»e Ctpirarion of tjje fain gear, to 60 computes as afo?e» fai'o, to fic (ufiicfe to ang Picccfg tfic fats William stead fijaU tfiink p?opec to take cut egainft film; ang tiling: in sfje fa t D rentes Sift contsincs to toe contrary in ang to tie notiyitfiflsnSmg.

tins fie if ftittfiet cna&es fig tfic- ifutfiontg afojefais, Ad’ Cfiat tfic Crpcnces of obtaining ana failing tfiis aa, ana

f nr- ■ xrcr.ccs

d riiR Ad, ;uul oi‘ Re

u-mmiihon- alfo tfic Ctpenccs of tfic fa ill Coamiiffioners, tfieir ©f= S^AcVuiycd. Sects ana gictsants, ana of tfie Unquitg to fic maae in

purfuance of tfiis SIS, Ifiall fic ssfrages out of fuefi Com-penfation as fijaU fic ficrcaftct grantca fig Parliament, on tfic fais IRopal African Coinpang's being siacilcs of tfictu Charter, lahas, iFojts, Caftlcs, Blancs, ana otficr tfieir

Ptopettg on tfic COilS Of Africa.

9ns it Is ficrcfig furtfieu enaftes fig tfic 9ittfio?itg af02C= fais, Cfiat if ang Sftien o? 9ftions fljail fic commences o’ fipmgfit againft ang peifon 01 perrons fat Vofiac fic 01 tfieg {ball so, 01 catifc to fic Bone, in purfuancc of tfiis 9ft, tficn, ans in esetg fuefi Cafe, Cuefi perfon 01 petfons General mue. pjall anS mag pleas tfic Ccncral 3|ffue, ans gtsc tfiis 9ft,

ans tfic Special patter, in Cfiitcnce; ang Lam 02 6ifage to tfic con tear g tficreof in ang loifc nottoitfiSansing.

9nS fie it furtfiet enaftes fig tfic 9utfio?.itg afa?efai5, Cfiat tfiis 9ft Ifiall fic taken anS seemes to fie a pufiltck 9ft; ans (fiallfietaken Policeof as fuefi fig all fiufiges, Suffices, anS otfiet petfons tofiatfoeser, without specialy pleading the same.

Publick Aft.
