EXTRACTS

From such of the

PENAL LAWS,

As particularly relate to the

Peace and Good Order

of this

METROPOLIS:

To which are added,
---
Some General Cautions to Shop-keepers $

AND

A Short Treatise on the Office of CONSTABLE.

By JOHN FIELDING, Efq; One of his Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the Counties of Middlefex, EJfex and Surry 9 and for the City and Liberty of JVeftminfler.

LONDON:

Printed by S. Richardson and C. Lintot, Law-Printer to the King’s moil Excellent Majefty, for A. MitLA r, m the Strand.

M.DCC.LXL

[ “i]

To his GRACE

THE

Duke of Newcastle,

Lord Lieutenant and Cuftos Rotulorum for the County of Middlefex.

My LORD,

AS your Grace, amidft the many important Objects which muft neceffarily in-grofs the Time of a Perfon of your Rank and high Employments, humanely afforded your Attention to the Peace and Safety of the Inhabitants of this Metropolis, in the Year 1754, when our Streets, Lanes and Fields were infefted by Gangs of the moil defperate and cruel A 2	Robbers

IV

DEDICATION.

Robbers and Murderers, by efta-blifhing at that Time a Plan of a Police, for the more eafy Detection and bringing fuch Offenders to Juftice, and for the Prevention of other Diforders, which has been attended with the belt of Confe-quences; whatever Improvements have been iince made in that Plan, feem to claim your particular Patronage : And it is for this Reafon, therefore, that the following Sheets are dedicated to your Grace.

They contain Extracts from moll of the Penal Laws provided by the Legillature for the Peace and good Order of this Metropolis; and as the Ignorance of, and Inattention to, thefe Laws, have been and ftiil are the Occafion of many Diforders and Irregularities, it is thought that this Method of publishing them will be productive of very good Effects, and render their Execution, in a great Meafure, un-

neceflary, >

»■ %

V

DEDICATION.

neceflary, by making the People acquainted with them; and Prevention, I am perfuaded, will ever be more pleafing to the Benevolent, than Puniffiment.

And I hope, at the fame Time I make this Offering of Relpedl to your Grace, it will be fome Proof to you of my Fidelity in the Execution of that Truft with which you have fo long honoured me, by {hewing your Grace, that I fpend my whole Time in an Employment more fatiguing, more dangerous, more confined, and lefs fatisfadfory than any can imagine, or mod will believe: An Office, which nothing but the exadteft Caution and ftridteft Integrity can render either eafy or fecure; and nothing but the higheft Diffionefty, meaneft Venality, or bafeft Corruption, can make lucrative. For my own Part, I hope for the Continuation of your Grace’s A ^	valuable

VI

DEDICATION.

valuable Protection, on no other Foundation than a diligent, faithful and impartial Execution of my Duty, nor with for the Confidence of the Publick but from their own Experience of an aCtive, unbiafled and difinterefted Conduct: And to fucceed in both thefe, will ever be the ObjeCt of his Ambition, who is, with the higheft Gratitude and RefpeCt,

My LORD,

Your Gr ace’s moji Dutiful\ And the Puhliclis Faithftd Servant,

JOHN FIELDING.

[vii I

To the READER.

-AS .the following Sheets were compiled ** .mhidfl the Hurry of an Employment-which fcarce affords Leifure even, for the\ common Refrefexments op Life, I doubt not but many Inaccuracies will be met with, of which3 if the candid Reader will give a Hint, it will be kindly taken, duly attended tos and fuch Errors carefully corrected^ if the Public! s Opinion of the Utility of the Work, ffoould carry it into a Second Edition. 'The Obfervations interfperfed through the whole3 are fuch as occurred on the Execution of thofe Laws, to which they are annexed $ and as feme of them point out Remedies as well as DcfeBs, it is to be hoped that thofe Hints 'wifi receive fuch Improvement from abler Hands as may make them effectual; but as the chief Motive of publifeeing thefe Ext raids cf the Penal Laws, was to inform 3 and thereby prevent P uni foment 3 prom a Perfuafion that mo [I of the common People offend againft them from Ignorance ; and-that many Perfens op' a fuperior Rank fub~ nut not only to lnconveniencies3 but even Infults jrom being Strangers to the eafy Remedy the Laws of their Country afford

To the READER.

them: It is therefore to be wijhed\ that while they awaken in the Minds of his Ma-jeftf's Subjects a due Attention to the facred Nature of the Laws, it will beget an exalt Obedience to them; and that this Attempt in that Behalf will be received with all the Candour that is due to his earneji Endea-vourss whofe higheft Ambition it is to be thought an ufeful Member of the Community.

INDEX

A.

ASHES thrown into the Street, Annoyances,

Ace of Hearts,

Apprentices,

Artificers,

Ale fold without Licence,

Page 13 24 48 So 104 ii 2

Advertifing Rewards and no Queftions?

afked



220

B.

Ballad,	1	g

Bawdy Houfes,	35

Baffet,	48

Beggars,	6a

Bread,	93

Bakers,	93

Beer fold without Licence,	112

Barber’s adulterating Powder,	199

Brafs, Bell-metal, dealing or receiving 208 Book-keepers,	225

C

V

INDEX,

Kl

c.

Cafks. See ObftruCtions Carts, Carriages and their Drivers, Coachmakers. See Qbltrudtions. Carts, their Burthens,

Coaches and Chairs, their Fares, &c. Congregations difturbed, r Churches, Chapels, &V. pulling down Force,

Curling prophanely,

Coals,

Cattle, buying and felling,

Coaches (Duties thereon)

Corn deftroyed.

Cotton Manufacture,

Clocks,

Carriage of Goods, &c.

Cbelfea Penfioners,

Copper, (Healing or receiving)

Carts and their Fares,

Cautions in general,

Cheats, a Lift of,

Conftable, a Treatife on that Office,

Page 8

by

24

30

3$

J" 39

65

73

89

90

99 129

15b

177

200

208

177 225 225

245

D.

Dirt thrown into the Streets, Dilbrderly Houles,

Diforderly Perfons,

Disturbing Divine Worfhip, Dumkennefs,

■Dancing,

E.

Enlightening the Streets,

13

35

60

38

62

138

16

F,

INDEX.

F.

Fireworks,	Page 40
Fires, how to be prevented.	4i
Fires, by Neglect of Servants,	44
Fire Engines, Turncocks, Stop	Blocks 7  V A T
and Water Blocks,	J41
Faro,	48
Fifh, (Sea)	5*
Flour,	94
Fences deftroyed.	99
Frauds,	109
Fifh, (Thames and Medway)	116
Fuftian Manufacture,	129
Furr Manufacture,	129
Flax Manufacture,	129
Fares of Carts,	177
Fifh, Healing,	201
Fifh-ponds, breaking,	202
Frauds, a Lilt of.	225

✓ *>

Gaming-houfes,	35

Gaming by lotteries.	46
Gardens robbed.	99
Game,	198
Gaming in Publick Houfes,	69
Gaming in general,	214
H.	
Hackney Coaches and Chairs,	30
Houfes and Out-houfes pulled down by7 Force, 3 39	
Hazard,	48
	Hogs

3&	INDEX.

Hogs kept in London, IVefiminfler, &V. Page Gy Hay and Straw*	85

Hedges deftroyed,	99

Hufbandry Servants,	104

Handicraftfmen,	104

Hue and Cry,	125

Hundreds liable to be fued for Robberies, 125 Hat Manufacture,	129

Hemp Manufacture,	129

Hops,	138

Hair Powder,	199

Hawkers and Pedlars,	223

I.

Jury-Annoyance,	24

Indentures. See Apprentices;

Iron Manufacture,	129

Journeymen in general,	104,	129

Iron, (dealing or receiving}	208

Inn-keepers,	225

L.

Lamps,	16

Lord’s Day.	20

Lotteries,	4 6

Labourers,	104

Letters (threatning)	109

Licence for felling Spirituous Liquors,7 Beer, Ale and Wine,	j	112

Landlords,	120

Linen Manufacture,	129

Leather Manufacture,	129

Licence for publick Entertainments,	138

Lincoln's

Sill

INDEX.

Lincoln's Inn Fields,

Licence for felling Plate,

Lead, (Healing or receiving)

Page 145

*53

208

M.

Meal men,

Miller,

Meafures and Weights,

Manufactures,

Mohair Manufacture,

Mufick Meetings,

Marybone Parilh, for the Regulation thereof.

94

96

97

129

129

138

14.1

N.

News Papers undamped, ling thereof.

and ’ the fel-

}

224

a

GbftruCtions in the Streets and Highways, 8 Orchards robbed,	9a

P.

Profecutions of Felons in Middlefex and?

in London, how to be carried on, J Pedlars and Hawkers,

Plan recommended to Tradefmen for the7 Security of their Property,	j

Pawnbrokers, their Rules,

Pavements,

222

223

238

242

23

Pulling

XIV

INDEX.

Pulling down Churches and Chapels,^ „

Dwelling-houfes and Qut-houles, j a%e 39 PafFage,	49

Publicans keeping Diforderly Houfes, 69 Publicans fuffering Gaming in their Houfes, 69 Plate, Duty thereon,

Plate ufed by Publicans,

Pales deftroyed,

Polls deftroyed.

Plantations,

Publick Entertainments without Licence,

Plays,

Players,

Pawnbrokers,

Pawnbrokers dealing in Plate to take!

out Licence,	j

Plate (felling without Licence)

Powder for Hair,

Perfumers,

Penfioners, (Cbelfea)

Profecutors of Felons, if poor, to be re-imburfed their Expences,

}

82

99

99

99

102

138

140

146

155

J53

199

199

200

221

Quartering Soldiers,	CL	159
R.  Rubbifli thrown into the Streets,		*3
Rockets,		40
Roly Poly,		49
Rails deftroyed.	V	99
Rent,		120

Receivers

’} P'agt

INDEX.

Receivers of Materials intruded to’ be manufactured,

Refiners to take out Licence,

Rewards taken for reftoring Goods ftolen^ without producing the Thief,	j

Rules agreed to by Pawnbrokers,

ISO

J5S

2 20

242

XV

S.

Soil, thrown into the Streets,

Sabbath,

Squibs and Serpents,

Sales by Lotteries,	., .

Sea Filh,	c

Swearing prophanely.

Swine kept in London, Wejiminfter, See. Straw and Hay,

Salefmen, (Hay)

Salefmen not to buy Cattle on their own Account,	J

Servants in Hufbandry,

Spirituous Liquors fold without Licence, Silk Manufactures,

Spouting Clubs,

Soldiers,

Swans Eggs,

Solder, (dealing or receiving) Stable-keepers,

Shop-keepers,

T.

Turncocks,

Trees deftroyed,

Timber Trees deftroyed.

L?

IQ

40

46

5*

65

by

8 7

89

104 112 129 140 159 199 208 2 2 r 22-

4

<

IV

3

INDEX.

stvi

Taylors,	Page 106
Threatning Letters,	109
Turnips,	in
Tenants,	120
Treatife on the Office of Conftable,	245
U.	
Underwoods deftroyed.	99
Vagrants,	60
W.	
Wheels of Carts in London,	23
Weights and Meafures,	97
Woods deftroyed.	99
Wine fold without Licence,	112
Woollen Manufacture,	129
Watches,	156
Watermen,	203

[ I ]

THE

INTRODUCTION.

MONG the various Grievances, which

a falfe Notion of Liberty induces Men

.... to complain of in this Kingdom, the Multiplicity of our Laws is one; and more ef-pecially the great Number of penal Statutes, which inconfiderate Perfons have deemed as Reftraints upon Liberty.

And as fome Men have been weak or wicked enough, to endeavour to clififatisfy the Minds of the People relative to thofe wholefome penal Laws, calculated for the Peace and good Order of this Town, and have thereby made the inferior Clafs of Men impatient of Authority, and rendered the Office of Magiftrate more difficult; it is apprehended that it may be ufeful to explain the Caufe, Nature, Utility, nay, the Neceffity of them: From whence it will appear, that they are really no other Re-fhraints upon true Liberty, than what every good and honed Man would wifh for; for true Liberty can only confift with thofe Reftraints, which pure Religion and good Government lay upon Mankind.

The Multiplicity of Laws, fays an ingenious Writer, ffiould not be looked upon fo much

B

as

The INTRODUCTION,

as a Grievance, as the Mark of a declining People *, and Tacitus fays, In pejftma Republica piurim<£ leges.

Indeed, when one confiders this City as the Metropolis of a Country of Freedom, a Country of Commerce, abounding with Inhabitants, increafmg in Buildings, one may eafily account for the Number of penal Laws made for its Government: For in all free Countries, the lucreafe of Laws mull keep Pace with Luxury. But in this Kingdom, the common People enjoy the peculiar Happinefs of being governed by thole Laws only, which they themfelves make: For when any Evil of a public Nature ariles in Society to fuch a Height as to become viflble, and to threaten Mifchief, Application is made to Parliament, where, when the Exif-tence of the Evil itfelf, and the Certainty of its Confequences are fatisfaclorily proved, fame Remedy is propoled by the Wifdom of the Legiflature ; which, when it has received the Royal Aflent, paiTes into a Lav/; and the very Inftant this is done, the Law becomes facred, and challenges implicit and univerfal Obedience.

It was the Remark of a Foreigner, that the common People of England feemed to have no Idea of an Offence lefs than Fraud or Felony; and confidered the Laws of their Country, which were calculated for Peace and good Order, merely as Reftraints and Hardfhips.

If this be true, it is not doubted but that a Review of thefe Laws will have a due Influence on their Minds, and beget a more ready Obedience to them ; for it is clear from Exr perience, that they are oftener offended againft from Ignorance than Obfljnacyo

For

3

The INTRODUCTION.

For this Purpofe, therefore, I have in the following Sheets made Extracts of all thofe penal Laws which relate to the good Government of this Metropolis, and will enable every Inhabitant to judge for himfelf when he has received any Injury, Inconvenience or Infult from another, in what Manner he is to apply for Redrefs, and point out immediately to him the Punifhment the Law has prelcribed for the Offender.

What jEnglijhman would wifli any one of thefe Laws Ihould be repealed, fo wifely calculated for the Safety, for the Security of the Lives, Property, Liberty, and Happinefs of the Subjedl ? And it is the candid, diligent and impartial Execration of thefe Laws, that make a great Part of the Englijh Police ; which Word, as it has been greatly mifunderTtood and mifreprefented, I fhall endeavour to explain.

The bed Explanation I have ever met with of the Word itfelf, is what follows, viz. That it Is the Regulation and Government of a City or Country, fo far as regards the Inhabitants, And this mud always be fuited to the Nature of the Government and Conditution of the Country where it is exercifed. The Police of an arbitrary Government differs from that ufed in a Republic; and a Police proper for England., mud differ from them both; as it muff always be agreeable to the jud Notion of the Liberty of the Subjebf, as well as to the I ,aws of this Country.

In the Year 1754, there were feveral large and defperate Gangs of Street-robbers, Houfe-breakers, &V. that infeded this Metropolis, and the Neighbourhood about it ; who com-B 2	m it ted

The INTRODUCTION.

mitted the mod audacious Robberies, Cruelties and Murders.

His Grace the Duke of Newcastle, fhocked at thefe Outrages on his Majefcy’s Subjedls, directed the late Henry Fielding, to confider of fome Plan for the fpeedy Removal of thefe Mif-chiefs, and for the more eafy apprehending and bringing fuch Offenders to Juftice; which was immediately laid before his Grace, approved and fupported by him; and as it owed its Rife to his Humanity, fo does it its Continuance to his Care and Attention ; and what happy Effedls have fmce arofe from this Police, the Public can belt judge.

When thefe Adis of Violence were fubdued? Prevention was the next Objedt in the Confederation of that Magiftrate, who weighed and confidercd the Caufe and Increafe of Robberies in general, and publifhed them in a fmall Pamphlet, which has been the Occifion of

A	?

many good and wholfome Laws, and the Caufe of many Advantages arifing from this Inftitution of a Police; which is nothing more than enabling one or more Magiflrates to give up their whole Time to the Public; to be watchful over Evils as they arife in Society, and to fupprefs them in their Infancy by a due Execution of the Laws: For by habituating Mankind to an Obedience to the Laws of their Country, Peace and good Order imperceptibly arife: And, at the fame Time, by bringing all Informations of Fraud and Felony into one Point, keeping a Regifter of Offenders., making quick Purfuits, opening a general Correspondence with all the adlive Magistrates in the Country, Efcapes are rendered difficult, ep:'.i i nk:ovaries eafy ; A Circumftance perhaps

that

The INTRODUCTIO N.

(hat may deter many a one from thefe dangerous Enterprizes, and induce them rather to make a Trial of their Induftry for an honed Livelihood.

It was intended that this Magiffrate fhould compofe and reconcile the Differences among the Poor, and thereby prevent litigious Suits; which, as they make rich Men poor, muff make the common People and their Families Burdens to their Parifhes: That he fhould be attentive by Day and Night to all Informations of Fraud and Felony, and be vigilant and indefatigable in the Purfuit of Offenders, by encouraging, inftrufting, and preferving Harmony among the Peace Officers, and by rewarding them and all other Perlons shilling them in fatiguing and dangerous Undertakings. For this Trouble a competent Salary fhould be allowed, that he might feek for no other Advantage either from the Poor or the Rich, than that of the happy Opportunity of reconciling the Differences of the former, and the pleafing Talk of preventing Infults on the latter.

That he fhould, by Publication and every Other Means in his Power, make the penal Laws known, and enforce an Obedience to them by a due Execution thereof; for by making Punifhment lefs frequent, its Effedl is ftrengthened.

And, it is not doubted, but that, when the brft Promoter of this Plan of a Police has Lei-fure from Matters of greater Importance to complete it, the Government of this Metropolis will become as eafy as that of a Country t illage, and many happy Effects arife from it B 3	without



The INTRODUCTION,

without any Reftraint on the Liberty of tbs’ Subject: For, let the weak or wicked laugh at-or abufe this Police as they pleafe, every true Briton muft have this Satisfaction to refleCt, that no private Perlon whatever, no Watchman, Beadle, Conliable, or Magiftrate, can unjuftly deprive him of his Liberty or Property, with Impunity.

Fsom an attentive Perufal of thefe Extracts it will appear, that it is fcarce poflible for a Subject to fuller either Injury, Inconvenience, or even Infult, without fpeedy Remedy : And as the Ignorance of a Law is no Excufe for the Breach of it, it is greatly to be hoped and much to be wifhed, that this Publication of the penal Laws, will take away the difagree-ble Necefiky of putting any of them in Execution ;—Prevention being in all Refpe&s more eligible than Punishment.

But that the above Plan may be executed with EffeCl, it is highly neceffary that the Public iliould do their Part, viz. to give immediate Notice of all Frauds and Felonies, with exaCl Defcriptions of Perfons and Things, on which Account all Exprefies and Meffengers will be paid their Expences, and rewarded for their Expedition, and their Informations received at all Times: And if any Inhabitant is annoyed by Diforderly or Gaming-houfes. Hops, or illegal Aflemblies, by their Children, Servants or Apprentices, haunting the lame, Information or Notice thereof being given by Letter or otherwife, due Enquiry will be made, and every Means ufed to fupprefs the Evil. In thele Cafes, Inhabitants appearing

themfelvea

The INTRODUCTION.

themfeives, renders the Matter eafy*,-

for it has been found by Experience, tbit nine out of ten of thefe irregular Meetings have been fuppreffed merely by the Magi-flrates fending to the Parties, and making them acquainted with the Nature of the Offence, and the Penalties which the Laws in fuch Cafes prefcribe.

EXTRACTS

Obftruflions in general.

[ 8 J

E X T R	A C	T S
FROM	THE	
PENAL	L A	w s
Relating to the Peace and good Order of		

this PvIetropolis.

I.	Extracts relating to the Obfmotions in the Streets and Highways, and to the ConduSi of Drivers of Carts, Cars, Drays, and other Carriages.

HE Increafe of Bufmefs, arifing from

O

|| the Advancement of Commerce, tie: %i Addition' of Inhabitants, and the croud-ing of Buildings in this Metropolis, occafioned fome Mifchiefs, and many Accidents, from the Inhabitants confidering too much their own Convenience, neglediing the Laws of Society, and forgetting that noble Rule of doing as we would be done by.—Thefe Can fes, at Lngtb, producing daily Obftrudtions in to:	.. rs,

and Injuries to the Faftngtrs the the following Laws necefiary

I.	The 30 Geo. 2. c. :	'L	—

Pcrfon mail wilful’v cdbod ■

9

LxtraBs from the Penal Laws.

repaffing of his Majefty’s Subjefts, in any public Streets, Lanes, or open Pafiages, within the Cities of London and JVefiminfier, and Suburbs thereof, the Borough of Southwark, and other Streets within the Bills of Mortality;

Observ. This is a general Clauje, and relates to Objlrunions of every Kind.

II.	Or fhall put, or fet, any empty Pipes, By Cafe; Butts, Barrels, Cafks, or other VefFels, in any

fuch public Streets, Lanes, or open Pafiages within the Limits aforefaid, (except for fuch reafonable Time only as fhall be necefiary for the carrying or removing thereof to or from any Houfe, Warehoufe, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, or for the trimming thereof)*.

III. Or fhall fet or place any empty Cart, Carts and Car, Dray or other Carriage, in any fuch pub- other Carria-lie Street, Lane or open Pafiage within the 2es*

Limits aforefaid, except only during fuch reafonable Time as any fuch Cart, Car, or other Carriage, fhall be plying for Hire, in the

Place or Places appointed, or to be appointed, for the handing thereof, fo to ply for Hire by the Perfons authorized to appoint fuch the Standings thereof; and except during fuch reafonable Time as any fuch Cart, Car, Dray, cr Other Carriage, fhall be waiting in any fuch public Street, Lane, or open railage, to load or unload Goods or Commodities, or to take

up or fet down a Fare.

1^7 t\t t t i	/—i i	/->	No Carnage

IV. i\o IdaeKney Coacnman, Carman, or ' j in &

other Perfon or Perfons, fhall ply for Hire j^/e, par„ with any Hackney Coach, Cart, or other liamenr. Wheel Carriage, in Bridge Street, Parliament George, St. Street, Great George Street, St. Margaret’s Street, WarS;uet s>

~	■ j n *	i	r	ttt	n	.	„	or Abingdon

or Abingdon Street, m the City of Mejlnmyrer, streets, Weft-

or minlter.

Streets or Highway*,

f& "Extracts from the Penal Laws.

or any of the faid Streets; or flop, or flay any longer Time in any of the faid Streets* than to take up, or fet down* a Fare* or load* or unload Commodities.

Drivers not to V. No Driver of any Carriage (hall, by obftrudt free Negligence or Mifbehaviour, prevent* hinder or Paffages in the interrupt the free PafTage in any of the Streets

Nf1*«0tC Af	A	J

or Ways within the Bills of Mortality.

VI.	No Perfon fhail fet, place or leave any empty Waggon, Cart, or any other Carriage, in any public Highway, within this Kingdom, fo as in any manner to interrupt or hinder the free Pafifage of any other Carriage, or of his Majefly’s Subjects, except only during fuch reafonable Time as fuch Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, fhail be loading or unloading.

VII.	No Driver of any Waggon, Cart, Car, Dray, or other Carriage, on any public Highway, fhail ride upon any fuch Carriage, not having feme other Perfon on Foot, or on Horiebaek, to guide the fame, (fuch Carriages as are refpeclivHy drawn by one Horfe only, or by two Ho/Cs a-bread, and are conducted by fome Perfon holding the Reins of fuch Horfe or Kories, excepted) ;

Or caufe any VIII. Or fhail by Negligence, or wilful Damage, or Mifbehaviour, canfe any Hurt or Damage to

Or ride on their Carts.

obftruft the Paffages.

any Perfon, or prevent, hinder, or interrupt the free Pa Cage of any other Carriage, or of his Majefty’s Subjects, on the faid Highways. Empty Carts IX. No Driver of any empty or unloaded or Waggons Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, fhail refufe to make Way or neg]e£h to turn a fide and make Way for

and LandCS anY Coach, Chariot, Chaife, loaded Waggon, Carriages. Cart, or other loaded Carriage.

Penalty 20s. Peribns offending in any of the above Particulars, are liable to forfeit any

Su m

MxtraBs from the Venal Laivs.	it

Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, or to be committed for any Time not exeeding one Month.

X. And for the more eafy Conviction of Offend- Owner’s ersy it is enadted by the 18th of Geo. 2. That the Name and Owner of any Cart, Car or Dray, within the Number to Cities of London and Weftminftery and Suburbs thereof, the Borough of Southwark, and other penaky 4© s. Streets within the Bills of Mortality, whofe Name and Number fhall not be placed upon fome confpicuous Part thereof, forfeits 4os. and on changing the Property, the new Owner’s Name is to be affixed to the Carriage, on Pain of forfeiting the like Penalty.

XL And for the more fpeedy bringing fuch Any Perfon Offenders to Juftice, the 30 Geo. 2. enadts, may aPPre; That any Perfon, who fhall fee any of the of-^nd0ffen ’ Fences herein before-mentioned committed, fhall and may, by virtue of this Adi only, without any Warrant, apprehend the Offender, and carry him, her, or them, to fome Confla-ble, or other Peace Officer, in Order to his, her, or their being conveyed before a Magi-ftrate, to be dealt with according; to Law.

J	O

Obs. Where the Offender is known, or can be found by the Name or Number on the Carriage, or any other Means, a Complaint to a Magiftrate is fir ft recommended.

XII. By the 31 Geo. 2. No Perfon or Perfons for fhall permit or fuffer his, her, or their Wag- Carts to Hand gon. Cart or Car, loaden with Hay or StrawIn Hay for Sale, to {land or be in any Hay Market ^ar^et’ within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, from Lady-Day to Michaelmas after Four o’Clock in the Afternoon, and from Michaelmas to Lady-Day after Three o’CJock in the Afternoon,

on

H	Extracts	frGm	the	Penal	Laws;

on Pain of forfeiting gs.------The ProfecuticrS

to be within three Days.-------The Application

to be made to a Magi (Irate, and the Offender to be fummoned.

Obttrufiionj By the 2 W. fc? M. feff. 2. c. 8. No Perfon by Caiks or of Perfons fhall hoop, wafh or cleanfe any Coaches to Pipes, Barrels, or other Cafks or Velfels, in make or mend, any 0f t{ie Streets, Lanes, or open Paffages

Stones^ °r aforefaid; nor fhail fet out any Dung, Soil, Rybbifh, or empty Coaches to make or mend, or rough Timber or Stones to' be fawn or wrought in the Streets, on Pain of forfeiting 20 s. for every Offence.

Observ. As the Perfons moft liable to offend tigainft the above Statutes, are the Drivers of Carts, Cars, Drays, and other Carriages, if Brewers, Carmen, Hackney Men, Brichnakers, See. who are conftantly hiring freff Servants from the Country, who are Strangers to thefe Laws, would print thefe Extra Sis, and give them to every new Serrvant, it might be the Means of preferving their Cattle and Carriages from Injuries, and prevent the Servants from fubjeciing themfelves to the Penalties of the faid Statutes, And it would be feafenable fo to do every Winter? as Carriages muft then necefjarily increafe, and the Streets be more crouded at the Meeting of the Parliament.

For further Particulars, fee the 18 Geo. 2. c. 33. the 30Geo. 2. c. 22. the 31 Geo. 2, concerning Hay j the 2 IV. & M. feff. 2. c. S.

II.	Extrails-

Extracts from the 'Penal haws.

n

II.	Extracts from the 32 Geo. 11. for the bet-ter Regulation of haftage and Ballaftage in the River Thames, and to prevent put~ ting of Rubbif, Hfies, Dirt or Soil* into the faid River, and in the Streetsy Pajfages and Kennels in London, and in the Suburbs thereof in Middlefex and Wedminder, and fuch Part of the Duchy of Lancaster as is in Middlefex*

&c.

I,T)Y this A£l it is allowed that 10,000 Ton Balla&

JO of Dung, Compoft, Earth, Soil, Chalk,

Chalk Rubbifh, Soap Afhes, &c. is allowed to be yearly flipped as Ballad from any Part pf the River Thames; Entries of which to be made at the Trinity Houfe.

II.	If any Ship or Veffel fhall come into the Nottobe River Thames with any Ballad therein, no thrown int® Part, of any fuch Ballad fhall be unloaded, put the River* or thrown from or out of any fuch Ship or

Veffel into the faid River, but all fuch Ballad fhall be laid or put, at the Expence of the Owner or Owners, or Mader of every fuch refpedlive Ship or Veffel, on fome common Wharf or Quay near the faid River, or on fome Ground or Place above High-water Mark, or to be unloaded in Lighters from the Trinity Houfe, on Pain of forfeiting 5/.

III.	No Perfon whatever fhall unload, put Nor Rubbi/k or throw into the River Thames, any Rubbifh, or Earth, Earth, Afhes, Dirt or Soil, from any Wharf,

Quay or Bank adjoining, or near to the faid

River,

LxtraBs from the Penal Laws.

River, or from out of any Barge or Lighter, on Pain of forfeiting for every fuch Offence, 405.

No Rufcbifh IV. No Perfon or perfons fhall lay, throw or Soil to be or put any RubbiGi, Earth, Sand, Allies, Dirt, thrown into	or	Soil, in any Street, Lane, Court,

the Streets. COnimon Way or Pafiage, within the faid City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or in the Suburbs thereof, in the faid County of Mid-dlefex, or in any Street, Lane, Court, common Way or Paflage, in the faid City of JVeftminfter9 or the Liberties thereof ; or in fuch Part of the Duchy of Lane after as lies in the County of Middlefex; other than fuch as is or are allowed by Law to be laid or heaped up to drain, ready for the refpedtive Scavengers or Rakers, within their feveral Precincts, to carry away % or fweep, throw, carry, or otherwife put any RubbiGi, Earth, Sand, AGies, Dirt, Filth or Soil, into any Kennel or Channel in the City of London or the Liberties thereof; or in the Suburbs of the faid City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or in the faid City of Weft-minfter, or the Liberties thereof; or in fuch Part of the Duchy of Lancafter as lies in the County of Middlefex, other than fuch as fhall be fwept away by the refpeclive Inhabitants before their refpetffive Habitations, on Pain of forfeiting ioj. or to be committed to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding one Month.

Exception. V. Nothing in this Acl fhall extend to prevent any Inhabitant, or his or her Servant, from fweeping immediately after Snow, Thaw or Rain, into any Kennel or Channel within the Limits aforefaid, any Ice, Snow, Dirt or 3	Soil,

JLxtraffis from the Penal Laws,	15

Soil, which by Means of any fuch Snow, Thaw or Rain, fhall be before his or her Houfe or Tenement, (other than and except Rubbifh9 which (hall be caft out, thrown or put in any fuch Street, Lane or Paftage, within the Li* mits aforefaid, from repaired or decayed Buildings, or otherwife) or to inflict any Penalty on any fuch Inhabitant, or his or her Servant, in refped of his or her fo doing,

VI. Juftices of Peace may convi£t Offenders JulHces t<?

a&ainft this A6t on their own View and proper °?

^	•	a	i	View	or	in*

Knowledge, in their refpe&ive Jurifdi&ions; formatiqa>

or may grant Warrants on the Information of others to apprehend fuch Offenders, and fum-rnon Witneffes.——Profecution to be within

feven Days.------*WitneHes refufing to obey

when fummoned, or to give Evidence, forfeit 40^. to the Poor of the Parifh where the Of<* fence is committed.

Obs. Lhe two great Objects of the Legif at tire in this Aft, are the Prefervation of the Navigation of the River Thames, which is of the ntmoji Confequence to this Metropolis, and Clean-linefs in the Streets, which is of no lefs Confequence to the Eafe and Health of the Inhabitants.

To be more fully informed of the above Particulars, fee the 6 Geo. 2. c. 29.

11 Geo. 2. c. 12.	18	Geo. 2. c. 21. and

the above Statute, which is the Continuation and farther Explanation of the reft.

HI.

‘Extracts from the Penal Laws,

x6

III,	Extracts from 2 W. & M. feff, 2, c. 8, enlightning the Streets,

Obs. /J S Magi fir at es do every Tear, at Mi-chaelmas particularly, attend to the Execution of this Statute,	/£<?	Publication	of

the following Clanfe may perhaps prevent fome Inhabitants from falling under the Penalty of the Law. Indeed, in moft of the public trading Streets, the immediate Intereft, as well as Safety, induces the Inhabitants to hang out Lights as foon as the Evenings become long and dark ; and it is much to be wifhed, that the Lights were equally attended to in that Part of the Town where People of Fafhion generally dwell \ many cf whom not coming to Town till near Chriftmas, forget or regie£1 to order their Lamps to be lighted, not confidering that they are fubjeSl to the Penalty hereafter mentioned, ?wr the Inconvenience it is to PaffengerSy who may at prefent walk up half a long Street, without feeing a Lamp.

Inhabitants to ^ By the above Statute it is enacted. That hang out every Houfholder, within any of the Parifhes, Lights. Places or Precincts, in the Counties of Middle fex and Surrey, and City and Liberty of JVefiminfter, comprized within the weekly Bills of Mortality, whofe Houfe adjoins unto, or is near the Street, from Michaelmas unto our Lady Day yearly, fhall every Night fet or hang out Candies or Lights in Lanthorns on the Outfide of the Houfe next the Street, to enlighten the fame for the Convenience of Paf-fengers, from Time to Time, as it fhall grow

dark.

Extracts from the "Penal Laws.

dark, until Twelve o’Clock in the Night, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of 2s. for every Default; excepting fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall agree to make Ufe of Lamps of any Sort, to be placed at fuch Diftances in the Street as fhall be approved of by two or more Juftices of the Peace.

One half of this Penalty to be paid to the Informer, the other Part to the Poor of the Parifh, to be levied by Diflrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods.

Obs. The Legijlature, by giving one-half of the Penalty to the Informer, doubllefs intended ta facilitate the Execution of the penal Laws; but it certainly has a contrary Effeli •, for thofe who make Informations before Magistrates from the mere Motive of the Reward, are of the difrepu-table Kind; and the Advantages annexed to Informers, have rendered the Office itfelf odious, and deterred many reputable Perfons from re dr effing Injuries and Inconveniencies they have laboured under for Fear of the odious Imputation of an Informer. And it is believed, that if Rewards in general, given to Informers by penal Laws, were taken away, and the whole Penalty given to the Poor, &c. the Laws themfelves would be eafter executed, and the Evils they were intended to remedy, eafter removed. For it is from Experience I have obferved, that for one Information made from the Motive of the Reward, twenty have been trade from a Defre only of removing a public Evil or Nufance, without the leaf Regard to the Reivard, which fuch Informers have generally applied themfclves to charitable Ufes, having firfi paid the Expence of the Pro-jscution: But as Gain is the common Idea of the C	Motive

Extracts from the Penal Lems,

Motive of all Informations, many even of thefe Perfons have been infulted for their good Offices to the Public, which would not be the Cafe if Rewards in general were taken away ; and, the Removal of Evils themfelvcs would always be found fufficient Motives for Complaint, and at the fame dime it would give Weight and Dignity to the Raws themjelves.

To be more fully informed of thefe Particulars, fee 2 W. & M. feffi. 2. c. 8.

As the above Adds only oblige Inhabitants to hang out Lights till Twelve o’Clock; and as the Manner in which many of them do hang out their Lights, is the Occafion of much Inconvenience, it were to be wifhed that one Law was made for enlightning the City of Weftmin■■ fter and the adjoining Parifhes, in the County of Middlefex, by which Lamps fhould be fixed on Polls on the Outfide of the Footway, and in Courts and Paffages, in the belt manner they will admit of, at fuch Diflances as the Churchwardens and Overfeers for the Time being of every Parifh and one Juftice of the Peace fhall think proper, with a Power for every fuch Pari fh to make and raife a Rate for the Payment of the fame. The faid Lamps to be lighted by Five in the Evening from Michaelmas to Lady-Day^ and during the other Part of the Year by Nine. And as the Watch at prefent are of very little Ufe from the Smallnefs of theWages given^ which puts the Trufl into the lowed: Hands, and from the Length of Time which they watch, which makes them often leave their Stands to refrefh themielves, or fubjedbs them to fieep, it would be ufefui if in the fame Law one Provider: was made for the Watch

through

Extracts from the Penal Laws,

throughout the above-mentioned Parifhes, whereby each Parifli might be enabled to make a larger Rate for the Watch, fo that there might be a double Number of Watchmen who might relieve one another in the middle of the Night, which would not much in-creafe the prefent Expence, but would induce more reputable Perfons to undertake this Duty, as they would be able by Means of this Relief to follow their ordinary Callings the next Day, which at prefent is impofilble, as they are obliged to fit up the whole Night.

IV.	Extracts from the 29 Ch. 2. c. 7. See, relating to the due Obfervance of the Sabbath.

IN the beft of Chriftian Countries in the Uni-verfe, and where Examples of Piety and Virtue abound amongft all Ranks in Life, one fhould imagine that the Divine Law, fo ftridly enjoining us to keep Eloly the Seventh Day, would be obferved with more Decency and Reverence than it is*, tho’, indeed, in the Country, where the Inhabitants of fmall Towns and Villages, and their Adions, are refpedively known to each other, there is no great Reafon to complain*, and it were to be wifhed, that even the fame Degree of Decency was obferved in this Metropolis. Perhaps, becaufe, the Breach of fo ftrid a Command of God him-felf, is not immediately followed by the Pu-nifhment it deferves. Mankind are apt to abufe that Long-fuffering and Forbearance which C 2	arife

2 a	Extracts from the Penal Laws.

\ arife from the Mercy of the Divine Being,

' The Legislature, fenfible of this, out of their great Wifdom and Piety, endeavoured to enforce the Obfervance of this Command of God by a human Inftitution.

1.	By the above Statute it is enadted, That all and every Perfon and Perfons whatfoever, Shall, on every Lord’s Day, apply themfelves to the Obfervation of the fame, by exercifmg themfelves thereon in the Duties of Piety and true Religion, publicly and privately.

Perfons not to II.. That no Tradefinan, Artificer, Work-cxerrifeTxade me.::. Labourer, or other Perfon whatfoever, on the Lord’s	or	exercife	any	worldly Labour, Bufi-

pels or Work, of their ordinary Callings, upop the Lord’s Day, or any Part thereof, (Works of Neccffity and Charity only excepted) on Pain of forfeiting 5J. if of the Age of fourteen Years.

Obs. Fho'3 from the prefent Plenty of Money, 5 s. may appear to be but a fmall Fine, yet at the 'Lime when this Law was made* it was a confi-derable Sum; and it is for this Reafon, we hear, that this Penalty is under Conjideration for Amendment.

None to cry III. That no Perfon or Perfons whatfoever or expofe fliall publicly cry. Shew forth, or expofe to wares to Sale. gajej any Wares, Merchandizes, Fruit, Herbs, Goods or Chattels whatfoever, upon the Lord’s Day, or any Part thereof, upon Pain that every Perfon fo offending, Shall forfeit the fame Goods fo cried or fhewed forth, or ex-pofed to Sale.

IV. That no Drover, Horfe Courfer, Wag-Butcher, Higher, their or any of their Servants, fliall travel cr come into his or their

Inn

Drove

Horfe

&c

goner

'BxtraBs from the Penal Laws.	21

inn or Lodging, upon the Lord’s Day, dr any Part thereof, upon Pain that each and every fuch'Offender fhall forfeit 20s. for every fuch Offence.

V.	That no Perfon or Perfons fhall ufe, em- NoWaterman ploy or travel upon the Lord’s Day with any orLigiuermaa Boat* Wherry* Lighter or Barge, vr- vt it be

upon extraordinary Occafion, to be allowed by Exception, fome Juftice of the Peace of the County, or Head Officer* or fome Jolt ice of the Peace of the City* Borough or Town Corporate* where the Fact fhall be committed, upon Pain of forfeiting ijj; for every Offence*, and in Default of Payment of any of the above Penalties, to be let in the Stocks for two Flours.

VI. Perfons may be convifted of any of Manner of the above Offences on the View of a Magi- Convi&ion, Urate; who may alfo* on Information upon

Oath* grant Warrants for the apprehending of fuch Offenders. But no Goods can be feized.

Or Perfon apprehended, without fuch Warrant.

VII.	Provided that nothing in this A6t contained, fhall extend to the prohibiting of dref-

fing of Meat in Families, or dreffing or felling Exception, of Meat in Inns, Cooks Shops or Vidfnailing Houfes, for fuch as other wife cannot be provided, nor to the crying or felling of Milk before Nine o’clock in the Morning, or after Four o’clock in the Afternoon.

VIII.	Provided alio. That no Perfon or Per- Prorcution fons fhall be impeached, profecuted or mo- within ten lefted for any Offence before-mentioned in this

A<ff, unlefs he or they be profecuted for the fame within ten Days after the Offence is committed.

C

6

IX.

22

Hackney Coaches and Chairs excepted.

Penalty on Perfons ab-fenting from Divine Service.

Extracts from the Penal haws,

IX.	Whereas the ftanding to hire, and driving Hackney Coaches, and the ftanding to hire, and carrying of Chairs on the Lord’s Day, are or may be underftood to be forbidden by the before-mentioned Acft^ and whereas the faid Reftraint is many Times found inconvenient, as well in Order to the Obfervation of the Day as otherwife, It is enacted by the 9 Ann. c. 23. f 20. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any licenfed Hackney Coachman, or his Driver, or any Chairman, to ply and ftand with their Coaches and Chairs, and to drive and carry the fame refpe<5tively, on the Lord’s Day, within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality.

Obs. F -om this Claufe it appearFhat Hackney Coaches and Chairs are the only privileged Carriages to work for Hire on Sundays. And as Stage Coaches were much in Ufe, and well known at the Time of waking the lafi-mentioned ACt^ if the Legijlature had intended to fuffer them to travel with their Stages on Sundays, they would, no Doubt, have been mentioned in the above Exception. Eheir Owners or Drivers, therefore, are certainly fubjeCi to the Penalties of the above-mentioned ACi of Cha. II.

X.	By 1 Eliz. c. 2. fed. 14. Perfons abfent-ing themfelves from Divine Service on Sundays, without reafonable Excufe, forfeit is. for every Offence, to be levied by the Churchwardens for the Ufe of the Poor.

Obs. Ehe Injunction in this Claufe was made in the Infancy of Reformation, when the Remains of Bigotry and Superflition, the Conferences of Ignorance, influenced the Minds of the then Englifh Subjects; but by the long Practice of the

JExtrdHs from the Penal Laws.

heft of Religions, and by the great Pains that have been fince taken, by many excellent Divines^ to open and enlarge the Minds of their Hearers, and to convince them of the Happinefs that arifes from the Pr allice of our eaablijhed Religion, Phat is now become Matter of Inclination, which the Legijlature before thought an Objedl of Force; and thoy it be fomewhat inconvenient, yet it is a Pleafure to refletf, that many of the Churches in this Metropolis are now too fmall for the Reception of the P arifawners t which has given Rife to the Building of many Chapels of Eafe.

To be more fully informed of.the above Particulars, fee 3 Car. c. 1. 29 Car. 2. c.y. 9 Ann. c. 23. 1 Eliz. c. 2.

Y. Extra&s from the 6 Geo. 2. c. 6. 26 Geo. 2. c. 30.	iB Geo. 2. c. 33.	29

Geo. II. c. 25. 31 Geo. 2.—relating to the Prefer vat ion of the Pavements in the City a?id Liberty of Weftminfl;er3 and the fpeecly repairing the fame.

I. T) Y 6 Geo. 2. No Perfon in London or JL3 TVeftminfter, or within ten Miles thereof,

(unlefs it be upon the Turnpike Roads where the Fellies of the Wheels are nine Inches broad) Limitation of (hall carry at one Load in any Waggon or Burthens. Cart, having the Wheels fhod with Iron, more than 12 Sacks of Meal, of five Bulhels each, nor more than 12 Quarters of Malt, nor more than fe ven Hundred and an half of Bricks, nor more than One Chaldron of Coals, on Fain of C 4	for-

24

Breadth of Wheels.

Number of Horfes.

Exception.

jW noya nee Jury.

Extracts from the Penal Laws*

forfeiting any one of the Horfes, with the Geers, Bridles and Halters therewith ufed, on Conviction within three Days before one Juftice.

II.	By 18 Geo. 2. The Wheels of every Cart, Car or Dray, within the Bills of Mortality, fhall be fix Inches broad in the Fellies, which may be bound with Iron, provided the Plates are full fix Inches wide; and no Cart, Car or Dray, fhall be drawn with more than three Horfes after they are up the Hills from the Water, on Pain of forfeiting 4os. but this not to extend to any Country Cart or Waggon that fhall bring any Goods, or fhall carry any Goods half a Mile beyond the paved Streets of the faid Cities and Places.

III.	By 29 Geo. 2. c. — the Dean or High Steward, or his Deputy, the two chief Burge lies of Wefiminfter^ and the other Burge lies for the Time being, or any five of them, whereof the faid Dean, High Steward, or his Deputy, or one of the faid two chief Bur-geffes, to be one, fhall and may iffue out their Precept or Precepts to the High Bailiff, to impanel and return eighty fubftantial Houfe-holders and Traders redding in the feveral Parifhes in PFefiminfierj out of which any Number not exceeding 48, fhall be appointed as an Annoyance Jury, and the faid 48 fhall fubdivide themfelves into fmaller Bodies, not being lefs than twelve in each Body, who are authorized and required to enquire into and prefent to the faid Court, according to their Oath, upon their own View and Knowledge, all defective or bad Pavements, and all Annoyances in, ObflruCtions of, or Encroachments upon, any of the public Ways or Paffa-

ge*

‘Extracts from the Penal Laws.	25

geS within the faid City or Liberty j and the laid Jury lhall give or leave Notice in Writing of their Intention to prefent the fame at the Houfes to which fuch defective Pavements belong, or to the Perfon or Perfons who fhaii caufe or fuffer fuch Annoyances, Obftructions or Encroachments; and if fuch Pavements are not amended, or fuch Annoyances, Obftructions or Encroachments removed within fourteen Days after fuch Nocice given, the Jury may amerce the Offenders in any Sum not exceeding 40 s.

IV.	All Perfons infulting or obftrudting the infultingthe Jury in their Office, if convicted of the fame faid Jury, before one Juftice, on the Oath of two or more Wifneffes, forfeit 40 s.

V.	The Oath of the Annoyance Juryman, is as follows:

<c T A. B. do fwear, That I will diligently oath of An-<e 1 enquire and make true Prefentment to noyance Jury-“ this Court of all fuch public Annoyancesman-“ and other Offences that fhaii be committed “ in PFeftminfter during the Time of my Con-C! tinuance in the Office whereunto I am now ee appointed ; and that I will prefent no Perfon tc or Thing thro’ Hatred and Malice, nor leave <c any unprefented through Love, Favour or <c Affecftion. So help me God/3

VI.	By 31 Geo. 2. it is enacted, That all Pavements within the City and Liberty of Pavements JVejlminfter, belonging or oppofite to Churches, oppofite

or other public Buildings or Grounds, which Churches, &c, are the Property of any PanIL, and which of Light ought to be repaired by fuch Parifh,

fhaii

Oppofite

Markets.

Oppofite Hof-pitals.

Oppofite Lands where no Houfes are built.

Landlords to repair Pavements.

ExtraSls from the Penal Laws,

fhall from Time to Time be repaired, and kept in Repair* and alfo all iVnnoyances belonging thereto, be removed by the Churchwardens of fuch Parifh for the Time being.

VII.	And all Pavements belonging or oppofite to Markets fhall be repaired and kept in Repair, and all Annoyances belonging thereto be removed by the Proprietors of fuch Markets, their Agents or Lefiees.

VIII.	And all Pavements belonging or oppofite to Hofpitals, Alms-houfes, charitable Foundations, and all other public Buildings, not being the Property of any Parifh, fhall be repaired, and all Annoyances belonging thereto removed by the principal Officer or Perfon refiding in fuch Buildings refpebtively, who are hereby declared to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof.

IX.	And all Pavements belonging or oppofite to Lands and Grounds, or adjoining to any Wall or Fence where no Houfes are erebfed or built, fhall be repaired, and all Annoyances belonging thereto be removed by the Owners of fuch Lands and Grounds, or other Perfon or Perfons who of Right ought to re-

O	O

pair fuch Pavements, or remove fuch Annoyances, as the Cafe fhall be.

X.	That all Tenants or Occupiers of Houfes, Buildings or Grounds, in all Places within the faid City and Liberty, fhall be fubjrdt and liable to repair the Pavements belonging or oppofite to any fuch Houfes, Buildings or Grounds •, and it fhall be lawful for all Tenants to dedubt and detain out of their Rent due or to grow due, all and every fuch Sum and Sums of Money as they fhall have expended in repairing

Extra&s from the Penal Laws,	i*j

pairing fuch Pavements, according to Notice

to be given for that Purpofe by the Annoyance

Jury aforefaid (except in fuch Cafes only where Exception,

Tenants are by any Covenant, Contract or

Agreement, to keep fuch Pavements in Repair

at their own Expence); any Law or Ufage to

the contrary notwithftanding.

XI.	Pavements broke up by the Proprietors Pavements to of Water-Works are to be relaid by them in be repaired by a fubflantial Manner, and if negledfed for four- Works teen Days, the Inhabitant to repair it, and to

be reimburfed by the Proprietors of the faid

Water-Works;------and the faid Proprietors to

be fined for the faid Negledt in any Sum not exceeding 40s. nor lefs than 20s.

XII.	No Paver, Proprietors of Water- Who are to Works, or their Agent, fhall break up any Sive Notice Pavement without firft giving Notice in Wri- ^efore.the ting to the Occupier of the Houfe or Place to thefeof^g whom fuch Pavement belongs, by what Company of Water-Works they are employed; or

where the Proprietor or Occupier cannot be found, by affixing fuch Notice upon fome conlpicuous Part of fuch Houfe, Ground, Wall or Building, on Pain of being amerced by the faid Jury in any Sum not exceeding 40 s. for every Offence.

XIII.	The Annoyance Jury may oblige For fpeedy Perfons to remove any Annoyances, Obflruc- Removal of tions or Encroachments upon any of the pub- Annoyances' lie Ways, Streets or Paffages within the faid

City and Liberty, of fuch a Nature as to require as fpeedy a Removal as may be, or can be removed in lefs Time than 14 Days, in any lefs Time as the faid Jury fhall think proper; provided they leave Notice in Writing at the

Houfe

iS

Pxtr'a5ls jfr'im the Penal Laws,

Guilders

Hourds,

Repairing of Pavements, and removing Annoyances before empty Houfes.

Houfe of the Perfon who fhall have caufed dr fuffered the fame, expreffing the Time given for the Removal thereof; which if they fhall negledt or refufe to remove within fuch limited Time, they fhall forfeit any Sum not exceeding 40 s.

XIV.	No Builder dr other Perfon fhall fefc up any Hourd or Fence in any of the publick Streets, Lanes or Paffages within the faid City and Liberty, without a Licence under the Common Seal of the faid Courc of Buro-effes;

O	*

expreffing the Length and Breadth of fuch Hourd or Fence, and alfo the Time the fame fhall be allowed to continue ; if any Perfon fhall offend in this Particular, or fhall fuffer any Materials for building to remain on the Outfide of any Hourd or Fence above the Space of forty-eight Hours, fhall be amerced by the faid Jury in a Sum not exceeding 40 s. for every Offence.

XV.	That where the faid Jury of Annoyance fhall, upon their View as aforefaid, find any bad or defective Pavement belonging to any empty Houfe or Building within the faid City or Liberty, or any Annoyance before fuch Houfe or Building, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Jury, and they are hereby authorized, directed and required, to prefent fuch defe&ive or bad Pavement, or fuch Nu-fance, to the faid Court of Burgeffes, fir ft leaving Notice in Writing on the Door, or other public Part of fuch empty Houfe or Building, of their Intention to prefent the fame. And in cafe the Owner and Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of fuch Houfe or Houfes, Building or Buildings, fhall not, with-

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

in fourteen Days after fuch Notice given as aforef-iid, caufe fuch Pavement to be amended, or fuch Annoyance removed, then thp faid Court fhall forthwith caufe fuch Pavement to be repaired, or fuch Nuifance to be removed j and the faid Jury fhall amerce the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of fuch Houfe or Building, in fuch Sum or Sums of Money, as by the Order and Directions of the faid Court fhall be laid out and expended in making good fuch defective Pavement, or removing fuch Nuifance, and the Charge attending the fame ; which faid Amerciament or Amerciaments fo fet as aforefaid, fhall be levied on the next Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of the Ground-floor of fuch Houfe or Houfes, Building or Buildings, in fuch manner as is herein after directed for the levvins; of other Amerciaments that fhall be

J kD

fet and impofed by virtue of this ACt. And it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of fuch Houfes or Buildings, who fhall pay any Sum or Sums of Money, fo amerced as aforefaid, (if they fhall pay the fame voluntarily) to deduCt and detain out of their Rent then due, or thereafter to grow due, all and every fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they fhall fo pay.

Gbs. From the above it appears, that whenever there is any Defc ft in the Pavements in the Ciiy and Liberty of Weftminfter, or Annoyances in the Streets, before inhabited or uninhabited

. ,w	'	j

Houfes, the one is eafily repaired, and the other :’s ifijily removed, by Application to the Annoyance

30	Extracts from the Penal Laws,  ance Juryone or more of whom live in every Parijh.  N'B. To be further informed of thefe Particulars, fee the above-mentioned Adis,

perfons refilling to pay ihe Fare,	VI. Extracts from 9 Ann. c. 23. 1 Geo. 1, c. 57. relating to Hackney Coaches, Coachr rnen, Hackney Chairs and Chairmen.  I. '“F“v HIS Adi enadts, That if any Perfon or X Perfons fhall refqfe or negledt to pay any Coachman or Chairman the Money jufbly due to him or them for carrying in his or their Coach or Chair, or fhall wilfully cut, deface

Or defacing or break any fiich Coach or Chair, it fhall and any Coach or may be lawful to and for any Juflice of the

Chair.	Peace where fuch Refufal fhall be made, or Damage done, upon Complaint thereof to grant a Warrant to bring before him the Perfon againfl whom fuch Complaint fhall be made, and upon Proof made upon Oath to award reafonable Satisfadlion to the Party grieved lor his Damage and Colts, and upon Refufal to pay or make fuch Satisfadlion, to bind over the Party refufing to the next General Quarter-Seffions; who have Power finally to hear and determine the fame, and award Satisfadlion to the Party grieved, and for Non-Payment to levy the fame by Diflrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels.  IL  i

'Extracts from the Penal Laws.	31

|L That if any Perfon who fhall drive a Coachmen or Coach, or carry a Chair for Hire, not being Chairmen interefted himfelf in a Licence fo to do, but mifbchaving fhall a61 under the Licence of another Perfon, ^o^ents?' as his or her Servant, fhall be guilty of any Mifbehaviour in his Employment by demanding more than his Fare, or by giving abulive Language, or any other rude Behaviour, every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being thereof convidted by the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneifes, either before the major Part of the Commiffioners for granting Licences, or before any of his Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the Cities of London and Wefrpiinjler. or Counties of Middlefex and furrey, fhall forfeit any Sum not exceeding 2cs. to the Poor of the Parilh where the Offence fhall be committed, or be committed to the Houle of Corredtion to hard Labour for feven Days, and to receive the public Correction of the Houfe before he be difcharged.

III.	That upon Complaint of any Gentle- On Mifbehar man or other Perfon, the Commiffioners for VI0“r’ Com~

• x *	r\	11	j	r	mifiioners

granting Licences mall and may iummon rev'0ke

the Coachmen and Chairmen refpedlively to Licence, anfwer the faid Complaint; and upon his or their being heard, or making Default of Appearance, fhall and may (in cafe they fee Caufe) revoke the Licence of fuch Coachman or Chairman for fuch Mifbehaviour in giving abufive Language or otherwife, and licenfe another Coachman or Chairman in his Stead.

IV.	That no Perfon or Perfons fhall prefume Driving or to drive or lett to hire, by the Hour or Day, Iettin2 out or otherwife, any Hackney Coach or Coach {lories within the Bills of Mortality, without a

Licence

32

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Licence firft obtained from the faid Commit fioners, on Pain of forfeiting for every fuch

Offence 5/.

Or Chairs. V. Chairmen offending in the above Particular, forfeit 40s.

Size of Horfes.	VI. That no Horfe, Gelding or Mare, to

be ufed in any Hackney Coach, fhall be under the Size of fourteen Hands, according to the Standard \ and Coaches and VI f. That every Coach and Chair refpec-Chair* ro have tively, fhall have a Mark of Diftindtion, by a figure. Figure or othervvife, on each Side of the fame, on Pain of forfeiting 5/. for either of the faid Offences.

Coachmen re- VIII. By 1 Geo. I. c. 57. If any Hackney fuflng to go Coachman or Driver fhall refufe to go at or

more than his exa^ more f°r his Hire than is limited and Fare.	appointed, he fhall forfeit for every fuch

Offence a Sum not exceeding 3/. nor under

Penalty of plying or drl ving any Coach or Hearie without Licence.

Rates and

Fare.'- for Coaches.

I OS.

IX.	That no Perfon or Perfons fhall prefume to (land, ply or drive, for Hire, with any Coach whatfoever, Hearfe or Coach Horfes, or flial 1 lett to hire any Mourning Coach or Coach Horfes, to attend on any Funeral within the Bills of Mortality, except fuch Perfon or Perfons as are or fhall be licenfed by the faid Commiffioners, on Pain of forfeiting for every Offence, 5 /.

X.	By the 9 Ann. c. 23. No Hackney Coachman, nor the Driver of fuch Coach, fhall pre-fume to take for his Hire, in and about the Cities of London and JVeftminfter, or within ten Miles thereof, above the Rate of ioj. for a Day, reckoning twelve Hours to the Day, and by the Hour not above is. 6d. for the firft

Hour.,

33

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Hour, and 12d. for every Hour afterwards^ and no Perfon fhall pay from any of the Inns of Court or thereabouts, to any Part of St.

James’s or City of PHeJlminfler (except beyond Lothill-Street) above 11 d. and the fame Prices from the fame Places to the Inns of Court or Places thereabouts; and from any of the faid Inns of Court or thereabouts, to the Royal Exchange ^ nd. and if to the Lower of London, or Bijhopfgate Street, or Aldgate, or thereabouts, ij. 6d. and fo from the faid Places to the faid Inns of Court as aforefaid ; and the like Rates from and to any Place at the like Diftance with the Places before-mentioned.

XI.	That no Perfon fhall be obliged to pay above tid. for the Ufe of an Hackney Coach for any Diftance (not particularly fet down in this A£t) fo as the fame do not exceed one Mile and four Furlongs; nor above is. 6d for any Diftance (not particularly fet down in this A&) being above one Mile and four Furlongs, and not exceeding two Miles.

XII.	That no Perfon fhall be obliged to pay Rates and to the Chairmen for an Hackney Chair carried Fares of any Diftance within the Limits aforefaid, more

than the Rate by this A<5t allowable for an Hackney Coach driven two-third Parts of the fame Diftance.

Obs. As the Ignorance of a Law cannot he accepted either by a Gommijfioner or a Juftice of the Peace as an Excufe for the Breach of it, it is apprehended, if the Ilackneymen would print thefe Extra As in a Hand Bill, and difirihute them to their Drivers, who are a fluctuating Body, and conflantly coming from the Country, it

D	would

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

would prevent many or moft of the above Offences % for Experience fhews, that the Want of Reverence to Authority in the common People, is greatly owing to their Ignorance of thofe haws fo wifely calculated to produce Peace and good Order in Society.

Obs. %. As the JDifputes between Coachmen, Chairmen, and their Fares, are generally about a Six-pence,	feldom more than a Shilling, zY is

recommended to all Per fans to pay on thefe Occa~ Jions what the Coachmen and Chairmen demand, and take their Number *, for by this Means they fecure to them].'elves an Opportunity of enquiring into, and a Power of punijhing any fuch Impo* fition \ whereas, whoever jhall offer or pay any Hackney Coachman or Chairman lefs than his Fare, they may be Jure of receiving a Summons, or perhaps being taken up by a Wrrrant from fGme JuJlice of the Peace, and obliged not only to pay the Fare, but alfo the Man’s Expence: For Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen never apply to Magiftrates before they are certain they are in the right, well knowing the Certainty of their Punifhment, if they have demanded more than their Fare.

To be more fully informed of the above Particulars, fee 9 Ann. c. 23. 10 Ann. c. 19. 1 Geo. 1. c. 57. 12 Geo. 1. c. 12, gGeo.i. c. y. 16 Geo. 2. c. 26.

VIL

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

35

VII. Extracts from the 25 Geo. 2. c. 36. for punijhing Perfons keeping difor-derly Houfes.

I.	HIS Law enadls, That if any two In- Twolnhabi*

I habitants of any Parifh or Place, pay- rants to give

ing Scot and bearing Lot therein, do give No- Nonce to a •	•	A,,	?	,	Conflable.

tice in Writing to any Conltable (or other

Peace Officer, of the like Nature where there is no Conflable) of fuch Parifh or Place, of any Perfon keeping a Bawdy-houfe, Gaming-houfe, or any other diforderly Houfe, in fuch Parifh or Place, the Conflable or fuch Officer as aforefaid, fo receiving fuch Notice, (hall forthwith go with fuch Inhabitants to one of his Majefty’s Juflices of the Peace of the County,

City, Riding, Divifion or Liberty, in which fuch Parifh or Place does lie; and (hall, upon* fuch Inhabitants making Oath before fuch Juft ice, that they do believe the Contents of fuch Notice to be true, and entering into a Recognizance in the penal Sum of 20/. each, to give or produce material Evidence againfl fuch Perfon for fuch Offence, enter into a Recognizance in the penal Sum of 30/. to pro-fecute with Effedt fuch Perfon for fuch Offence at the next General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace, or at the next Affizes to be holden for the County in which fuch Parifh or Place does lie, as to the laid Juflice fhall feem meet; and fuch Conflable or other Officer fhall be allowed all the reafonable Expences of fuch Profecution, to be afcertained by any two two Juflices of the Peace of the County, City, Riding, Divi-D 2	fion

Overfeer to pay the Reward.

To be bound over.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

fion or Liberty, where the Offence fhall have been committed, and fhall be paid the fame by the Overfeers of the Poor of fuch Parifh or Place; and in cafe fuch Perfon fhall be convicted of fuch Offence, the Overfeers of the Poor of fuch Parifh or Place fhall forthwith pay tha Sum of jo I. to each of fuch Inhabitants 5 and in cafe fuch Overfeers fhall negledt or refufe to pay to fuch Conftable or other Officer, fuch Sixpences of the Profecution as aforefaid, or fhall negleCt or refufe to pay, upon Demand, the faid Sums of 10I. and 10L fuch Overfeers and each of them fhall forfeit to the Perfon entitled to the fame, double the Sum fo refufed or negleCted to be paid.

Obs. A he Rewards mentioned in this Claufe^ joined to the Nufance that diforderly Houfes mu ft be to the Neighbours, Jhould, as one would imagine % be a fnfficient Incentive to the Execution of this Alt.

II.	That upon fuch Conftable or other Officer entering into fuch Recognizance to pro-fecute as aforefaid, the faid Juftice of the Peace fhall forthwith make out his Warrant to bring the Perfon fo accufed of keeping a Bawdy Houfe, Gaming Houfe, or other diforderly Houfe, before him, and fhall bind him or her over to appear at fuch General or Quarter Seffion or Affizes, there to anfwer to fuch Bill of Indictment as (hall be found againfl him or her for fuch Offence; and fuch Juftice fhall and may, if in his Difcretion he thinks fit, likewife demand and take Security for fuch Perlori’s good Behaviour in the mean Time, and until fuch Indictment fhall be found, heard

and

Extracts from the Penal Laws,	37

and determined, or be returned by the Grand Jury not to be a true Bill.

Obs. It is obfervable, from thefe Claufes, what Oaths and Informations are necejfary to be laid before the ' Magifirate, before he can take any Step whatever.

III.	That in cafe fuch Conftable fhall neg- Conftable neg~ 3e6t or refufe, upon fuch Notice, to go before le&ingDuty. any Juftice of the Peace, or to enter into fuch Recognizance, or fhall be wilfully negligent in carrying on the faid Profecution, he fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of 20/. to each of fuch Inhabitants fo giving Notice as aforefaid.

Obs. From thefe Extralls of the above recent Statute, the Method of fuppreffmg diforderly Houfes is moft clearly explained, tho9 by the fly and wicked Injinuations to be met with in the public Papers, which are too often the Vehicles of Ignorances Calumny and Falfoood, one would imagine that a Jujlice of the Peace could as eajtly fupprefs a Bawdy-Houfe as difcharge a domeftic Servant. By the Police in an arbitrary Government, this, perhaps, might be done\ but an Englifh Police can only prevent by feafonable Cautions, and only punijh on due Informations and legal Proofs. ‘The Laws of England are not to be executed on Caprice or Fancy, but by the Jdminift ration of folemn Oaths \ and, as the Law itfelf fays, by the Tejlimony of one or more credible PVitnejfes on Oath.

But Mifreprefentations and Credulity have fo ftrong a Foundation in the Depravity and Weak-nefs of human Nature, that it is abfurd for Per-fons in public Characters, who are every Day tried and condemned, or rather condemned and D 3	tried

38

ExtraS?s from the Penal Laws.

tried by the Public, to hope totally to avoid its Effects.

VIIL ExtraBs from i W. Sc M. c. 18. and i Geo. i. e. 5. relating to the di-fiurbing Divine War flip.

WHEREAS many evil-difpofed and immoral Perfons have of late difturbed3 or caufed to be difturbed, feveral diflenting licenfed Congregations, and have thereby brought themfelves and their Friends into Difficulties and Inconveniencies; and as the Weak are too often made the Inftruments of the Wicked on thefe Occafions, it is to be hoped that the Publication of the following Claufes will for the future preferve Decency and Tranquillity in all lawful Affemblies for Divine Worfhip, and fecure an Obedience to, and a ftridt Obfervance of, thele Laws: The firft of which enadts,

Difturbing	I. That if any Perfon or Perfons do and

Congrega-	fhall willingly and of Purpofe malicioufly and

tions.	contemptuoufly	come	into any Cathedral or

Parifh Church, Chapel or other Congregation, permitted by Law, and difquiet or difturb the lame, or mifufe any Preacher or Teacher, fuch Perfon or Perfons, upon Proof thereof, before any Juftice of the Peace, by two or more fuf-Bcient WitnefTes, fhall find two Sureties to be bound by Recognizance in the penal Sum of 50/. and in Default of fuch Sureties, fhall be committed to Prifon; there to remain till the

next

jExtra#s from the Penal Laws;	39

hext General or Quarter Seffions *, and if there convicted of the faid Offence, fhall forfeit 20/. to his Majefty.

II.	By 1 Geo. 1. c. 5. f 2. it is enadfed, Perforis pul-That if any Perfons unlawfully, riotoufly and d?wn tumultuoufly aflembled together, to the Diftur- chapCeisS’&c bance of the public Peace, fhall unlawfully, * and with Force, demolifh or pull down, or begin to demolifh or pull down, any Church Or Chapel, or any Building for religious Wbrfhip, certified and regiftered according to the above Statute, or any Dwelling-houfe, Barn,

Stable or other Out-houfe, that then every fuch demolifhing or pulling down, or beginning to demolifh or pull down, fhall be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein fhall be adjudged Felons, and fhall fuffer Death, as in cafe of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

Ob s. As many Perfons from Bigotry, Prejudices, Caprice, Refentment and Drunkennefs, have fuffered themfelves to be drawn afide by Mobs and ’Tumults, and inconjiderately to commit the above-mentioned Outrages, an Attention to the above Claufe may be ufeful. Englifhmen have no Ex-cufe to do themfelves jufiice by Force and Violence, as there are fo many excellent Laws provided for the Safety of their Lives, Defence of their Liberties, and the Security of their Property; and the Want of this Confideration is too frequently the Caufe of RefiHance to Peace and Civil Officers^ and was lately the Caufe of a mofi horrid Murder*

It is always right to fubmit to Conftables, and all other Officers armed with proper Authority; who, if they do any Thing illegal, are liable to be punched for it> but refifting them is dangerous.

D 4	To

4®

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

To be more fully informed, fee the two before-mentioned Statutes.

IX. Extracts from the 9 Sc 10 W. 3. c. 7.

Squibsy Serpents, and other Fireworks.

Obs. /» Preamble of this Statute, Caufe of making it is fet forth in the following remarkable fVords.

HERE AS much Mifchief hath lately

happened by throwing, calling and firing of Squibs, Serpents, Rockets, and other Fireworks, fome Perfons having thereby loft their Lives, others their Eyes, &c. And, indeed, every Man's Experience mujl Jhew him the JSfeceJfity of this Law, as it is Jiill very common for inconfiderate Perfons to throw Squibs, Serpents, Crackers, &c. into Coaches, Houfes,	<3*	Paf-

fengers, (efpecially at Women) by way of Diver-Jion; /V is to he hoped, therefore,	the Pub-

of fuch Offenders,	Cruelty	of

fuch Entertainment.

Perfons not to I. No Perfon or Perfons, of what Age, Sex, make or fell Degree or Quality foever, fhall make or caufe

offer, or expofe to Sale, any Squibs, Rockets, Serpents or other Fireworks, or any Cafes, Moulds or other Implements, for the making

relating to the throwing and firing of

lication of this Law will awaken the Attention

Fireworks,

to be made, or fhall fell or utter, or give or

the

Extracts from the Penal Lames.

41

the fame, on Pain of forfeiting 5/. on being convidted on their own Confeffion, or on the Oath of two Witnefifes, before one Juftice of the Peace;

II.	Or fhall permit or fuffer any Squibs, Or fuffer the Serpents or other Fireworks, to be caff, thrown fame t0 be

or fired from, out of, or in his, her or their [JeirHoBJes0^ Houfe or .Houfes, Lodgings or Habitations, &c.	9

or from, out of, or in any Part or Place thereto belonging or adjoining, into any public Street, Highway, Road or Paflfage, on Pain of forfeiting 20s. one half to the Profecutor, the other to the Poor of the Parifh, on being convidted as above;

III.	Or fhall throw, caff or fire, or fhall be Or throw aiding or affifling in the throwing, calling or the™ imo firing of any Squibs, Serpents, Rockets or ^“bIlc Street3> other Fireworks, in or into any public Streer,

Houfe, Shop, River, Highway, Road or Paf-fage, on Pain of forfeiting 10 s. or being committed to the Houfe of Corredlion for any Time not exceeding a Month, on being con-vidted as aforefaid.

To be more fully informed of thefe Particulars, fee the above Statute.

X.	Extracts from 6 Ann. c. 31. 7 Ann. c. 17. 11 Geo. 1. c. 28. for preventing Mifchiefs that ?nay happen by Fire.

I. 13 Y 6 Ann. it is enadted, That the Church-i) wardens for the Time being, of each and every Parifh within the Cities of London and IVeJlminfler, and other. Parifhes within the

weekly

Stop-Blocks and Fire-Cocks to be fixed.

4 2	Extracts	from the Penal Laws.

weekly Bills of Mortality, fhall make* plat£ arid fix (at the Charge of fuch refpeCtive Pa-rifh) upon the Mains and Pipes belonging to any Water-Work whatfoever, within the Places aforefaid, fuch and fo many StoptBlocks of Wood, with a Two-Inch Plug, or fuch, arid fo many Fire-Cocks to go into each Main or Pipe, and to be placed at fuch Diftances in each or any Street or Place where they fhall direCt, and the Top of fuch Stop-Blocks Co lie even with the Pavement of each Street or Place, and to fix any Mark or Writing on the Front of any Houfe or Houfes over-againft the Places where fuch Stop-Blocks and Fire-Cocks lie, and to keep an Inftrument in each Houfe where the Mark is, to open the Plug or Fire-Cock; fuch Stop-Blocks and Fire-Cocks to be kept in Repair, at the Charge of each Parifh where the fame fhall be placed, and the Plugs by the Owners of the Mains and Pipes where the fame fhall be fixed.

II. And that every Parifh within the Limits aforefaid, fhall have and keep in good Order and Repair, in fome known and public Place, within each Parifh, a large Engine, and alfo a Hand-Engine, to throw up Water for extin-guifhing Fires; and alfo fhall provide, keep and maintain one Leather-Pipe and Socket, of the fame Size as the Plug or Fire-Cock, to convey the Water to the Engine.

Penalty.	III.	Church-wardens	negleCting	to	comply

with the above Directions, forfeit the Sum of io/. on Conviction before two Juftices; one Half to the Informer, the other to the Poor of the Parifh*, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offenders Goods.

And Engines kept by Churchwardens.

I

Obs.

43

ExtraCfs from the "Penal Laws.

Obs. It is apprehended, that it would be found very ufeful, if every Parijh would keep two ftrong Fire-Ladders of different Lengths, to be carried on the fir ft Notice to the Place of the Fire, as it might be the Means of faving many Lives and much Property; and though there be no Reward allowed by Law for this Purpofe, there would be no Danger but that the Carriers of fuch Ladders would be well rewarded, either by the Infurance-Office, Sufferers or Parijh, though the Confciouf-nefs of being ufeful in fuch Calamities is in itfelf a Reward.

IV.	That the Turn-cock belonging to Reward to fuch Water-Work, whofe Water fhall be found Turnon, or firft come into the Main or Pipe where cock* the firft Plug fhall be opened at any Fire, fhall be paid ioj, by the Church-wardens of fuch refpective Parifh where the Fire fhall happen.

Obs. Is it not rather neceffary than ufeful, that the Proprietors of Water-Works Jhould direst all their Furn-cocks to have their Names and the Word Turn-cock painted on a Board in large Characters on the Outjide of their Dwelling-Houfe or Lodging, and that they give Notice in Writing to the Church-wardens of the neighbouring Parijhes of the Place of their Refidence, and when they change the fame \ and that the Churchwardens of every Parijh jhould caufe the Names and Directions of fuch Furn-cocks living in and contiguous to their Parifh, to be fixed on the Church-Doors, in the Round-Houfe, and in every

Watchman1 s Box?—------Fhe Want of this has

been the Caufe of Fires gaining Ground, which might otherwife have been flopped on their firft Appearance; and a Reward might be given to that Watchman who firft calls the Furn-cock.

V

44

To firft Engine.

Servants fet-ting Houfes on Fite thro’ Negleft.

Party Wails.

Extracts from the Penal Laws,

V.	That the firlt Engine-Keeper that brings in a Parifh Engine to help to extinguifh, any | Fire, if in good Order and complete with a Socket, Hofe and Leather-Pipe, lhall be paid 30 s. the Keeper of the fecond Parilh-Engine that lhall be next brought to a Fire, lhall be paid 20s. and the third ioj. by the Churchwardens of each Parilh where fuch Fire lhall happen.

VI.	That if any menial or other Servant or j

Servants, thro’ Negligence or Carelefihefs, lhall fire or caufe to be fired, any Dwelling-houfe or Out-houfe or Houfes, fuch Servant or Servants being thereof convicted by the Oath of one or more Witneffes before two Juftices, lhall forfeit and pay the Sum of 100/. or be f committed to the Houfe of Correction to hard | Labour for 18 Months.	i

VII.	That all and every Houfe and Houfes j that be ereCted and built either upon old or [ new Foundations, in any Place or Places, in j and about the Cities of London and IVeflmtnJter, or other Parifhes or Places comprifed within ' the weekly Bills of Mortality, lhall have Party ; Walls between Houfe and Houfe, wholly of j Brick or Stone, and of two Bricks thick, at ! leaft, in the Cellar and Ground Stories, and | 13 Inches thick upwards from the Foundation | quite through all the Stories of each Houfe, f

and 18 Inches above the Roof.-------That no

Mundillion or Cornifh of Timber or Wood under the Eaves, fhail be made or luffered in | any fuch new Houfe or Houfes, but that all Front and Rear Walls of every Floufe lhall be built of Brick or Stone, to be carried two Feet and a half high above the Garret Floor,

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	45

ind coped with Stone or Brick. The Owner >f every Houfe, and head Builder or Work-nan, not complying with this Claufe, forfeit 501 one half to the Informer, the other to the Poor of the Parifh, or to be imprifoned till Payment thereof.

By 7 Ann. c. 17. / 7 £? 8. the foregoing Exception. Claufe not to extend to Houfes on London-Bridge or the Thames.

VIII.	By 11 Geo. 1. c. 28. f 3. It flia.ll not

be lawful to make or have in any Party Wall How Party of any Houfe, any Door-cafe, Window, Lentil, Walls are to Bread: Summer or Story Polls or Plates what-foever, unlefs where two or more Houfes fhall be laid together, and fo ufed or occupied as one Houfe only, and during the Time of fuch Ufage, and no longer, on Pain that the Owner or Owners of any fuch Houfe fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of 50/. But it may be lawful, that fuch Door-cafe, Window,

Lentil, Bread Summer, Story Pods or Plates, fhall or may be fixed, or put in the Front of fuch Houfe or Building, for the Convenience of a Shop or Shops only.

IX.	By 6 Ann. c. 31. Upon the breaking out of any Fire within London and Wejl-

minfter, all Conftables and Beadles (upon No-Conftablesand tice thereof) fhall immediately repair to the Beadles to at-Place where the faid Fire fhall happen, with ten£l at Fires, their Staves and other Badges of their Authority, and be aiding and affifling, as well in extinguifhing the faid Fires, and caufing People to work at the Engines, as alfo in preventing Goods being flolen-, and fhall feize and apprehend all ill-difpofed Perfons that they fhall find ftealing or pilfering from the Inhabitants;

as

46

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

as alfo that the faid Conftables and Beadles fhall give their utmoft Affiftance to help the Inhabitants to remove their faid Goods.

XL Extracts from 8 Geo. 1. c. 2. 12 Geo. 2.

c. 28. 18 Geo. 2. c. 34.	13	Geo.	1,

- c. 19. 5 Geo. 1. c, 9. for the Prevention of unlawful Lotteries.

HE firffi mentioned Aft enadts, That all

and every Perfon or Perfons, who fhall ereft, fet up, continue or keep, or fhall caufe or procure to be erected, fet up, continued or kept, any Office or Place under the Denomi-t- nation of Sales of Houfes, Lands, Advowfons, Prefentations to Livings, Plate, Jewels, Ships, Goods, or other Things, by way of Lottery, or by Lots, Tickets, Numbers or Figures; or fhall make, print, advertife or publiffi, or caufe to be made, printed, advertifed or publiffied, Propofals or Schemes, for advancing fmall Sums of Money by feveral Perfons, amounting in the whole to large Sums, to be divided among them by the Chances of the Prizes in fome public Lottery or Lotteries, eftablifhed or allowed by Aft of Parliament; or fhall deliver out, or caufe or procure to be delivered out. Tickets to the Perfons advancing fuch Sums to intitle them to a Share of the Money fo advanced, according to fuch Propofals or Schemes; or fhall make, print or publiffi, or caufe to be made, printed or publiffied, any Propofal or Scheme of the like Nature, under

any

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	47

any Denomination, Name or Title whatfoever ; and (hall be thereof convicted, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witneffes, by two or more Juftices, fhall forfeit for every fuch Of- Penalty, fence, over and above any former Penalties inflidted by any former Adt or Adis of Parliament made againft any private or unlawful Lotteries, the Sum of 500/. to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale; and fhall alio for every fuch Offence be committed to the County Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of one whole Year, and from thence till the faid Sum of 500/. is fully paid and fatisfied.

II.	That any Perfon who fhall be an Ad-Adventurers, venturer in, or fhall pay any Money or other Confideration, or any ways contribute unto, or

upon the Account of any fuch Sales, Lotteries,

Propofals or Schemes aforefaid, fhall forfeit Penalty, for every fuch Offence double the Sum paid or contributed.

III.	The 12 Geo. 2. c. 28. enadts, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall eredt, fet up, continue, or keep any Office or Place under the Sales by Lot-Denomination of a Sale or Sales of Houfes, tery.

Land, Advowfons, Prefentations to Livings,

Plate, Jewels, Ships, Goods or other Things, by way of Lottery, or by Lots, Tickets,

Numbers or Figures, Cards or Dice; or fhall make, print, advertife or publiffi, or caufe to be made, printed, advertifed or publiffied. Advertizing Propofals or Schemes for advancing fmall Sums the fame, of Money by feveral Perfons, amounting in the whole to large Sums, to be divided among them by Chances of the Prizes on fome public Lottery or Lotteries, eftablifhed or allowed by

Adt

4$	jExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

A<ft of Parliament, or fhall deliver out, or caufe or procure to be delivered out, Tickets to the Perfons advancing fuch Sums to intitle them to a Share of the Money fo advanced, according to fuch Propofals or Schemes; or fhall expofe to Sale any Houfes, Land-s, Ad-vowfons, Prefentations to Livings, Plate, Jewels, Ships or other Goods, by any Game, Method or Device wharfoever, depending upon, or to be determined by any Lot or Drawing, whether it be in a Box or Wheel, or by Cards or Dice, or by any Machine, Engine Penalty. or D£Vice Chance of any Kind whatfoever;

fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall, on being convicted thereof before one Juftice, upon the Oath of one Witnefs, or upon the View of fuch Juftice, or on the ConfefTion of the Party or Parties accufed, forfeit the Sum of 200/. to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale.

Ace of Hearts,	IV. That the Games of the Ace of Hearts,

Faro. Baffet Faro, Baftet and Hazard, are, and are and Hazard, y,ereby declared to be Games or Lotteries by ries”16 °£te" Cards or ^ice, and that all and every Perfon or Perfons who fhall fet up or maintain, or keep the faid pames of Ace of Hearts, Faro, BafTet or Hazard, fhall be fubjedl and liable to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures in and by this A 61 infli&ed upon any Perfon who fhall eredt, fet up or continue, or keep any of the faid Games or Lotteries in this pre-fent A£t mentioned.

Adventurers. V. That all and every Perfon and Perfons, who fhall be Adventurers in any of the faid Games, Lottery or Lotteries, Sale or Sales; or fhall play, fet at, flake or punt at either of the faid Games of Ace of Hearts, Faro,

Bafiet

Extracts from the Penal Paws.	49

fiaffet and Hazard, (hall forfeit 50 /. or fuffer fix Months Imprifonment.

VI.	That all and every fuch Sale of Houfes, Sales by Lot• Lands, Goods, &c. by any Game, Lottery, teries void. Machine, Engine, or other Device "whatfoever, depending upon or to be determined by Chance

or Lot, fhall and are hereby declared to be void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever; and fuch Houfes, Lands, Goods, £sV. fo fet •up and expofed to Sale as aforefaid, fhall be forfeited.

VII.	The 18 Geo. 2. r. 34. enafls, That no R°ly » Perfon or Perfons of what Condition foever,

fhall keep any Houfe, Room or Place for playing, or permit or fuffer any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever within any fuch Houfe, Room or Place, to play at the Game of Roulet, other-wife Roly Poly, or at any other Game with Cards or Dice, already prohibited, or fhall play at the laid Game of Roulet, otherwife Roly Poly, or at any other Game with Cards and Dice, already prohibited, on Pain of incurring the feveral Penalties inflidted by the laft-mentioned A£t.

VIII.	The 13 Geo. 2. c. 19. enadls, That the Game of Paffage, and all and every other Game Paffage, and Games invented or to be invented with one

or more Die or Dice, or with any other Inftru-ment. Engine or Device, in the Nature of Dice, having one or more Figures or Numbers thereon, (Backgammon or other Games now played with the Backgammon Tables excepted) are and fhall be deemed to be Games or Lotteries by Dice, within the Intent and Meaning of the foregoing A<51 of the 12 Geo. 2. and Perfons keeping any Houfe or Place for fuch JPurpofe,

E	and

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

and Perfons playing at any of the faid Games fhali be liable to the feveral Penalties inftidted by the faid Adt.

Obs. As nothing hut the Ignorance of the above Statutes, or the Neglebf of their Execution, could have given Rife to a dangerous Practice now in frequent Ufe at Public Houfes, viz. Raffling for Goods, felling and expojing to Sale Watches, Hats, Wigs and other Apparel, by way of Chances at Clubs, commonly called Watch Clubs, Hat Clubs, Wig Clubs, &c. which certainly come within the JMeaning of the above-mentioned Adis: It is to be hoped, therefore, that the Severity of thefe Penalties will timely awaken the Attention of fuch Publicans, and preferve them and their Families from the fatal Conferences of fuch Forfeitures. ng IX. The 5 Geo. i. c.,g. enadts, That if any Perfon fhali prefume to fell or take Subfcrip-tions for the Sale or Sales of the Lots or Chances, or any Part or Parts thereof, of, or on any one or more Ticket or Tickets, or of, or on the Number or Numbers of any Tickec or Tickets, made out in Purfuance of any Adi: of Parliament for a public Lottery, without having fuch Ticket or Tickets in his, her or their Cuftody or Right, fuch Perfon fhali, for every Lot or Chance, or Part of Lot or Chance, lo fold or fubfcribed for, forfeit 100I. over and abo^e any former Penalties inflidted by any former Adt or Adis of Parliament made againft private Lotteries.

Obs. It is recommended to all Perfons who buy Shares of Tickets, to demand a Sight of the original Ticket of which they pur chafe a Share, that they may be convinced of its being in the

Poffefllor

It'xtraSts from the Penal Laws,	fji

Pojfejfwn of the Seller, and to fet down the Hour of the Day in which they make the faid Purchafe.

XII. Extractsfrom 33 Geo. 2. for the better fapplying the Cities of London and Weftminfter with Sea Fife,

TH E Act enacts, That the Mafter of Matter of every Fifhing-Veffel, within three Days	Veffel

after the Arrival of any fuch VelTel at the Nore h^°Ar-° With any Fifh, fhall truly report the Time of rival at the ' fuch his Arrival, to the deputed Clerk in the Nore, Coaft-Office at the CuftGm Houfe in London ; under the Penalty of 50/. and fuch deputed Clerk is to enter fuch Report, in a Book to be provided and kept for that Purpofe at the faid Coaft-Office.

II. And every fuch Mafter of any Fiihing- And ado an Veffel is alfo at the Time of his making fuch Account of Report at the faid Coaft-Office, to leave with the faid deputed Clerk there, a true and par- be brought ticular Account according to the beft of the there alive. Judgment and Belief of every fuch Mafter, and either in Writing or Printed, of all Frefh Salmon, Salmon Trout, Turbots and large Frefh Cod, and Plalf-frefh Cod Fifh, Haddock,

Scate Fifli, Frefh Ling, Lobfters, Soles and Whitings, which fhall be brought alive to the Nore in every fuch Fifbing-Veffel •, upon Pain that the Owner or Owners of every fuch Fifhing-Veffel whofe Mafter (hall refufe, negledt or °rnit to give or leave fuch Account, or who E 2	fhall

*2	Lxtra&l	from	the Penal Laws.

fhall give or leave any falfe or untrue Account thereof, fhall, on being convi&ed of any fuch Offence, forfeit 20/.

Not to deilroy III. The Act further provides, That if any Fifh.	fuch	Mafter, or any Perfon on Board any fuch

Fifhing-Veflel, after her Arrival at the Nore, fliall wilfully deftroy, throw or caft away, or caufe to be wilfully deflroyed, thrown or caft away, any fuch Fifb, which any Fithing-Veffel fhall have brought from Sea, that is not un-wholefome, perifhed or unmarketable, fuch Offender on Conviction is to be committed to the Houfe of Corre&ion, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Clerk of the Months, nor lefs than one Month. The Clerk Co ft-Office at the Coaft-Ofhce is to receive and enter the to receive and fajd Accounts, and on Monday, Wednefday and

TllT0*™** m every	is to return, or caufe

b'.ou^htto thet0 be returned unto the Mayor of London for Nore, and re-the Time being, and to fuch Perfons as the turn the fame Truftees of the Fifh-market at Weftminjiery or toLordMayor, any pjve t[)em fhall appoint, in the City of Weftminjler, and likewife to the Infpedlor of the Fifhing-Vefifels at fuch Place as the Laid Truftees, or any Five of them fhall by any Writing figned by them appoint, a true Account in Writing or Printed, and in a fair and legible Character, of the Time when every fuch refpedlive Fifiling-Veffel fliall have been entered at the faid Coaft-OfEce as having arrived at the Nore, and alfo of the Frefh Salmon, Salmon Trout, Turbot, large Frefh Cod, and Half frefh Cod Fifh, Haddock, Scate Fifh, Frefh Ling, Lobfters, Soles and Whitings, which fhal] have been entered at the faid Coaft-Office, as brought to the Nore in every fuch refpc&iv-

I7! firing-

53

ExtraSfs from the Penal Laws.

Fifhing-VefTel, under the Penalty of 5/. for every Negleft.

IV.	The A<ff directs, That no Live Salmon, Salmon &c. Salmon Trout, Turbot, large Frefh Cod, Half- not to put into frefh Cod, Haddock, ScatC Fifh, Frefh Ling, Weil Boats* Soles or Whitings, fhall at any Time after the Arrival thereof at the Nore, be put into any Well-Boat or Store-Boat, from or out of any fuch Fifhing-VefTel, under the Penalty of 20/. for every fuch Offence.

And no fuch Fifh are to be unloaded or de- And to be un-liver ed out of any fuch Fifhing-Veffel (unlefs loaded into when fold by Retail) but into the VefTel or fuch toats Boat as fhall be employed to carry the Fifh °niy

n 1	r	J	3	immediately

directly to the Market of BiUmgfgate or Weft- £o Billingigate

minfter, and every fuch VefTel or Boat, after or Weftmin-

any fuch Fifh fhall be put therein, is to go on fter> an.d not

direftly and as foon as may be for the Markett0 remam

to which the fame fhall be bound, and is not in^heir

to remain above one Tide with the Fifh, after Paffage.

taking in of the fame, in the Paffage between

the Place of the taking in thereof and the

Market of BilUngjgate or Weftminfter, and is

not to omit delivering the Cargo of Fifh at or

before the next MarketAccidents of Wind

and Weather excepted ; and if any one offends

in the Premiffes, he is to be committed to the

Houfe of Correction, there to remain without

Bail, and be kept to hard Labour for any

Time not exceeding two Months, nor lefs than

one Month. And the InfpeCtor for the Time infpe&or neg-

being of the Filhing-Veffels under the ACt re- le&mghis

cited in this A6t, is to take Care duly to exe- ^uc7'

cute his Office, under the Penalty of forfeiting

for every Negledt or wilful Mifbehaviour 20/.

54

Salefmen not to buy to fell again.

Size of Fifh, their Price,

Perfons demanding higher Price, or refufing to meafure or weigh the fame.

Penalty.

jExtracts from the Penal Laws,

V.	No Perfon who fhall fell or be concerned in the Sale of any Frefti Filh by Commiflion, js direCtly or indirectly to buy or be concerned in the buying of any Frelh Filh, to fell again on his or her own feparate Account, or for the joint Account of him or herfelf, and any other Perfon, under the Forfeiture for every fuch Qffence of £o /.

VI.	Bret or Turbot under the Size of 16 Inches, and Bril or Pearl under the Size of 14 Inches, from the Eyes to the utmoft Extent of the Tail, are allowed to be expofed to Sale, but fo as the fame be not fold by Retail at a Price or Rate exceeding 6d. the Pound: And if any Perfon after the faid 2.4th of June 1760, fhall afk, demand or take, for any fuch Bret or Turbot, Bril or Pearl, under the refpedtive Dimenfions as aforefaid, any greater Price than at and alter the Rate of 6d. a Pound, and fo in Proportion for any leffer Weight thereof than a Pound, or fhall refufe or negleCt to weigh and meafure every fuch Bret or Turbot, Bril or Pearl, which fhall be expofed to or for Sale, when required, every fuch Bret or Turbot, Bril or Pearl, is to be forfeited ; and any Perfon may feize the fame, and deliver it into the Hands of a Conftable, and charge fuch Com fable with the Party who afked, demanded, or took any greater or higher Price than as aforefaid for the fame; and every Conftable is required by the Adt to carry the Party fo charged, and alio the Bret or Turbot, Bril or Pear], which fhall be fo feized and delivered to him, with all convenient Speed, before fome Juftice of the Peace; and every Offender on ConviClion is to forfeit 20 j. for every fuch

Offence,

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	55

Offence, and the Bret or Turbot, Brill or Pearl, which fhall have been fo feized, is to be given to the Perfon who fhall profecute to Conviction any fuch Offender, and the Money paid for any fuch Bret or Turbot, Bril or Pearl, is to be returned to the Party or Parties who paid the fame.

VII.	No Perfon is to fell or expofe to or for not to Sale at the firft Hand, at any Fifh-market be expo fed te within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mor- Sale tality, or within 150 Yards of any fuch Fifh-market, and during the Market Hours of any fuch Market, any Frefli Salmon, Salmon Trout,

Turbot, large Frefh Cod Fifh, Half-frefh Cod Fifh, Haddock, Scate Fifh, Frefli Ling, Lob-ders, Soles or Whitings, before he or fhe fhall have firft placed up, or caufed to be placed up, in fome confpicuous Manner, on or over before a par-the Form, Bench, Stall or Place, at which he ticular Acer fhe fhall offer to expofe to or for Sale any count thereof Inch Fifh, a true Account, and in a large, fair	UP

and legible Character, and either wrote	e	ta	8

painted, of all fuch Fifh, which any fuch Per-lon fhall then have or have been intruded with to fell, diftinguifhing in every fuch Account the feveral forts of all fuch Fifh as aforelaid, and the Quantity of every fort thereof refpec-tively, which any fuch Perfon fhall then have, or be intruded with to fell *, and if at any Time of the Morning or Day, in which any fuch Account fhall have been fo placed up, and before Ocher Fift the Fifh-market of that Day fhall be ended or brought to be over, any other fuch Fifh fhall be brought to before the or intruded with any fuch Perfon to fell, every h1'*’marr !,C

,,. 1	J	7	/	is over, to De

iuch Perfon, before he or fhe fhall fell or offer or added ro the expofe to or for Sale any Part thereof, fhall add hid Account,

E j	a	true

^6	ExtraBs from the Venal Laws.

The faid Ac* a true Account or Particular thereof to the Account to con- count before put up, and fhall take Care that tmue up till every fuch Account which fhall be fo placed

endedaf * & llP’ cont*nue UP where the fame fhall have been firft placed, till all the Fifh fpecified therein fhall be fold, or the Fifh-market of the Pay on which the lame fhall be fo placed up Penalty on Iha'll be ended or over, without being defaced taking down or obliterated; under 10/. Penalty for every or obliterating Offence, and under the Penalty of 40 s. for tae fame. any one»s taking down, defacing or obliterating any fuch Account.

Perfons not to VIII. No Perfon is to take, kill or deflroy, Br^ood" o7 or knowingly have in his or her Poffeffion, or SpawnofFifh, cry* carry about, fell, offer or expofe to or for Sale, or exchange for any Goods, Matter or Thing, any Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fifh, or unfizeable BnY unfizeable Fifh, or any Fifh out of Seafon, Fifh, or Fifh or any Smelt which fhall not be full five Inches out of Seafon, in Length from the Nofe to the utmoft Extent of the Tail thereof; and if any one fhall offend in the Premiffes, any other Perfon under the on Pain cf Authority of the Act may take and feize the forfeiting the pame? together with all Bafkets and Package in ame,an 20S- whicf! the fame fhall be found, and charge a Peace Officer with every fuch Offender ; and after any fuch Seizure fhall be made, the Spawn, Fry or Brood, or other Fifh as aforefaid, together with the Bafkets and Package in which the fame be fo feized, is to be delivered into the Hands of fome Peace Officer, who is to take the fame, and alfo every fuch Offender with whom he fhall be fo charged for any fuch Offence, into his Cuftody, with all convenient Speed before fome Juflice, for fuch Offender 10 be dealt with according to Law; and on

the

,Extracts from the Fenal Laws.	57

ghe Convidtion of any fuch Offender, every fuch Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fifh, nnfizeable Fifh, and Fifh out of Seafon, and every Smelt of lefs Size than five Inches from the Nofe to the utmoft Extent of the Tail thereof, which fhall be fo feized, together with all Bafkets or Package in which the fame fhall be fo feized, is to be forfeited, and be delivered to the Party who fhall profecute the Offender to Conviftion for his or her own Ufe *, and every fuch Offender is befides to forfeit for every fuch Offence 20 i.

The Under Water-Bailiff of the City of Perfons to fa-hondon, and the Yeoman of the Water-fide for pemfe the the Time being, and the Perfons appointed by F^market, the Truftees to fupervife the Fifh-market of the City of JVefimiTtfier, are to take Care that the Provifions made by the A£t concerning the Sale of Frefh Fifh in the Fifh-market at Billingfgate, and for pnnifhing Perfons who fhall have there any Spawn, Brood or Fry, of any kind of Fifh, or any unfizeable Fifh, or any Fifh out of Seafon, or any Smelt of lefs Size than five Inches from the Nofe to the utmoft Extent of the Tail thereof, are enforced and carried into Execution ; and alfo to prevent all Regrating of Fifh at Billingfgate Market, or within T50 Yards of Billingfgate Dock, under §1. Penalty for every Neglect.

Obs. When one reflects as an Englishman what a Bleffing the Seas 071 our Coafis have in Store for us, what a peculiar Benefit the Plenty of Sea Fifh would he to the Poor, what a Con-veniency to the Rich of this Metropolis, and that this immenfe Blejjing is intercepted from us by the Contrivance amd Combination of a few defigning 1	avaricious

Extracts from the Penal Laws,

avaricious Men, how can we fufficiently lament that the Pains and Attention of the Legijlature to redrefs this Evil, has been hitherto fruitlefs? Nay, I am informed that the Evil is rather grown worfe than better \ it is therefore with great Deference and RefpeF that I offer my Opinion on this SubjeF, which 1 do rather that it may beget in fome other a better Plan, than that I think the following one to be perfect: But I do apprehend, that if the Gentlemen belonging to the Free Britijh Herring Fifhery, a large, able and refpeliable Body, would (befides the catching of Herrings) become Fifhermen for this Metropolis ; which, as they have much Leifure from their other Fifhery, are accujlomed to, and converfant in, the building of Boats, making of Nets, and hiring of Fiffer-men, they can carry on, with more Eafe, and lefs Expence to them]elves, and more Utility to the Public, than any other Body whatever. By this Means an immenfe Quantity of Fijh would be brought to Biliingfgate and Weftminfter Markets, yet not more than this Fown would confume, and would totally deftrcy the prefent Monopoly of different Fff, viz. Lobfiers, Furbots, &c. as well as the little Combinations lately pr a Fifed to make an artificial Scarcity : And as the Conveniency of a Plenty of Fijh in London and Weftminfter to all Ranks of People, is much eafier to be conceived than cxpreffed, IJhall now mention what feems farther ncceffary to the Furtherance of this Plan: And firfl, that the Legijlature ffould enable the Members of the Free Brit iff Herring Fifhery to apply a neceffary Part of their Capital to this propofed Fifhery, which cannot be attended with aiiy Hazard, as ready Money is always paid at the Fiff-market s\ fo that it will rather enrich

the

59

- Extracts from the Penal Laws,

the Body, and enable them to carry on the Herring Fijkery itfelf with more Effefi and Advantage, than obflrufi it.

2dly, Befides the Provijions made by the late Statute relative to Sea Fijh, an Officer Jhould be appointed to attend both Markets to fee fuch Methods faithfully executed, as the Legiflature jhall think neceffary, to prevent the engroffing or imonopolizing of any Fijh brought to the faid Markets for Sale.

3<lly, F'hat every Perfon felling Fijh by Retail out of the faid Markets, Jhall be obliged to expofe to open View from Eight to Fwelve in the Morning, whatever Fijh he has to fell, with a Penalty for concealing any Part of the fame.

In this Plan, Public Spirit and Intereft will go Hand in Hand; and as they will be enabled to fit out a larger Fleet of Fifhing-Boats than was ever yet fent to Sea, great Plenty of Fijh muft be the Confequence, and Cheapnefs will naturally follow ■, and by little Bounties and Rewards which they them [elves will be able to give to Fifhermen, it is hoped that the Evil now fo loudly complained of, will be moft effefinally cured; and the Fi[mongers themfelves, who have lately been the Dupes of the Fifhermen, and the Monopolizers of particular Fijh would have Reafon to rejoice ; for, by felling more Fife at reafonable Rates, their Gain would be the fame.

XUL

6o

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Defcription of disorderly Perfons.

XIII. Extracts from the 17 Geo. 2. c. 5. relating to Vagrants and diforderly Perfons.

Obs. As the great Number of Beggars and ether Vagrants that infefi the Streets of London, to the great Nufance of Pajfengers and Shopkeepers, owe their Continuation as well to the Negleff of the Peace-Officers and others, as to the Want of knowing who are and who are not deemed Vagabonds by Law, it is apprehended that the following Defcription of Vagabonds, together with the Power of apprehending them when known, may leffien the Evil particularly that of frightful Beg-gars, fo common in the Streets, fo offenfive to Pajjengers in general, and fo dangerous to pregnant Women.

I.	A LL Perfons who threaten to run away, £\ and leave their Wives and Children to the Parifh.

II.	All Perfons who fhall unlawfully return to fuch Parifh or Place from whence they have been legally removed by Order of two Juftices of the Peace, without bringing a Cetificate from the Parifh or Place whereunto they belong.

III.	All Perfons not having wherewith to maintain themfelves, live idle without Employment, and refufe to work for the ufual and common Wages given to other Labourers in the like Work in the Parifhes or Places where they then are.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	,6i

IV.	All Perfons going about from Door to Door, or placing themfelves in Streets, Highways or Paffages, to beg or gather Alms, in the Parifhes or Places where they dwell, (hall be deemed idle and diforderly Perfons j and

any Perfon may apprehend them, and carry who mayap-them before a Juftice of the Peace, who may prehend them, commit them to the Houfe of Correction for any Time not exceeding one Month, and give an Order on the Overfeer of the Parifh wherein any fuch fhall be apprehended, for the Payment of 55. to the Perfon or Perfons fo apprehend- Reward, ing fuch Offenders.

V.	All Perfons going about as Patent-ga- Farther De-therers, or Gatherers of Alms, under Pretences fcription of of Lofles by Fire or other Cafualty *, or going aSrants# about as Collectors for Prifons, Gaols, or Hofpitals.

VI.	All Fencers and Bearwards.

VII.	All common Players of Interludes.

VIII.	All Perfons who fhall for Hire, Gain or Reward, aCt, reprefent or perform, or caufe to be aCted, reprefen ted or performed, any Interlude, Tragedy, Comedy, Opera, Play,

Farce, or other Entertainment of the Stage, or any Part or Parts therein, not being authorized by Law.

IX.	All Minftrels and Jugglers.

X.	All Perfons pretending to be Gypfies, or wandering in the Habit or Form of Egyptians ^ or pretending to have Skill in Phyfiog-nomy, Palmeftry, or like crafty Science, or pretending to tell Fortunes, or ufing any fubtle Craft to deceive and impofe on any of his Majefty’s Subjects, or playing or betting at any unlawful Games or Plays.

XL

62

.Extracts from the Penal Laws.

XI.	All Perfons who run away and leave their Wives or Children, whereby they become chargeable to any Parifli or Place.

XII.	All Petty Chapmen and Pedlars wandering abroad, not being duly licenfed, or otherwife authorized by Law.

XIII.	All Perfons wandering abroad and lodging in Alehoufes, Barns, Out-houfes, or in the open Air, not giving a good Account of themfelves.

XIV.	All Perfons wandering abroad and begging, pretending to be Soldiers, Mariners, Seafaring Men, or pretending to go to Work in Harveft, except fuch as have proper Pafles and Certificates.

XV.	And all other Perfons wandering abroad and begging, fhall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft.

Who may ap- XVI. And it is likewife enafted, That if prehendthem. any Perfons fhall be found offending again ft: this Act, it fhall, and may be lawful, for any Perfon whatever, to apprehend the Perfon fo offending, and to convey or caufe to be conveyed to fome Juftice of the Peace, the Perfons fo apprehended.

Conftable neg- XVII. And iii cafe any Conftable, or other letting Duty, fuch Officer, fhall refufe or negleft to ufe his bed Endeavours to apprehend, and convey to fome Juftice of the Peace, any fuch Offender, it fhall be deemed a Negleft of Duty in fuch Conftable or Officer, for which he fhall forfeit Penalty. any Sum noc exceeding 5/. nor lefs than 10s.

and thofe who refcue fuch Prifoners, are fub-jeft to the fame Penalty.

XVIIL

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	63

XVIII.	And in cafe any other Perfon, being Perfons refu-charged by any Juftice of the Peace fo to do, fingtoappre-fhall refufe or negleCt to ufe his bed: Endea- hencJ* vours to apprehend and deliver to the Conftable, or fuch other Officer, or to carry fuch Offenders before fome Juftice of the Peace,

where no Conftable or other fuch Officer can be found, fuch Perfon fo offending, fuch Perfon fo neglecting or refuting, fhall forfeit the Sum of ioi.

XIX.	And in cafe any Perfon, not being a Reward for Conftable, or fuch other Officer, fhall appre- apprehending, hend any fuch Rogue or Vagabond, and fhall

deliver him or her to a Conftable, or other fuch Officer, or fhall convey or caufe him or her to be conveyed to fome Juftice of the Peace, according to the above Directions; or if any Conftable or other fuch Officer fhall fo apprehend and convey fuch Rogue and Vagabond, the faid Juftice may reward any fuch Conftable or other Perfon, by making an Order under his Hand and Seal upon the High or Chief Conftable to pay the Sum' of 1 os. to fuch Perfon fo apprehending fuch Rogue and Vagabond.

XIV. Extracts from 4 Jac. 1. c. 5. 21 Jac. 1. c. 7. 7 Jac. c, 10. 1 C. c. 4.

to prevent JDrimkennefs.

T'HE firft Statute enaCts, That every Per- perfons being fon who fhall be drunk, and thereof drunk, fhall be convicted before one Juftice, Mayor,

64	"Extracts from the Penal Laws6
Penalty.	&c. on View, Confeflion, or Oath of one Witnefs, Khali forfeit for the firft Offence 5 s* to be paid within one Week after Conviction, to the Churchwardens, who fhall be acountable for the fame to the Ufe of the Poor; and if he fhall refufe or negleCt to pay the fame as aforefaid, it fhall be levied by Diftrefs; and if the Offender fhall not be able to pay the faid Sum of 5 s. he fhall be committed to the Stocks, there to remain by the Space of fi* Hours.
Negleft of Officers.	II. That if any Conftable or other inferior Officer to whom that fhall be given in Charge
Second Offence.	by the Precept of any Mayor or Juftice, do negleCt the due Correction of the Offender, or the due levying the Penalties where Diftrefs may be had, he fhall forfeit 10s. to be levied by Diftrefs.  III. That if any Perfon once convicted of Drunkennefs, fhall after that be again convicted of the like Offence, he fhall be bounden, with two Sureties, in a Recognizance of 10/. with Condition to be from thenceforth of good Behaviour.

Frofecution to IV. Provided always, that the Offender be within fix fhall be convicted within fix Months after the Months. Offence committed.

Alehoufe-  Keepers.	V. If any Alehoufe-keeper fhall be convicted of being drunk, he fhall, befides the Penalties above-mentioned, be utterly difabled to keep any fuch Alehoufe for the Space of three Years next enfuing the Conviction. 7 Jac. c. 10. x C. c. 4.

XV,

EodraSls from the Penal Laws.

XV. Extracts from 19 6eo. 2. c. 21. to prevent prophane Curfing and Swearing.

THIS Adt enadls, That if any Perfon fhall prophanely curfe or fwear, and be thereof convidted on Confeffion, or Oath of one Witnefs, before one Juftice, or before the Mayor, Juftice, Bailiff* or other chief Officer of any City or Town Corporate, he fhall for-penalty of

Every Day Labourer* common Soldier, or common Seaman, is.

Every other Perfon under the Degree of a Gentleman, 2 s.

And every Perfon of or above the Degree a Gentleman, $s.

II.	And in cafe any fuch Perfon fhall, after Conviction, offend a fecond Time, he fhall forfeit and lofe double*, and for every other Offence, after a fecond Convidtion* treble.

III.	That in cafe any Perfon fhall prophanely perfons fwear-

fwear or curfe in the Prefence and Hearing ofinginth* any Juftice, Mayor, &V. he fhall convidl him Hearing of a without further Proof.	Magnate;

IV.	That in cafe any Perfon fhall curfe or of a Conn*, fvvear in the Hearing of a Conftable or other ble.

Peace Officer, if he is unknown to fuch Conftable or other Peace Officer, fuch Conftable or

other Peace Officer fhall feize, fecure and detain fuch Offender, and carry him before the next Juftice, Mayor, &c. who fhall convidl him on the Oath of fuch Peace Officer: But if fuch

feit as follows, viz.

prophane

Swearing,

F

Offender

66

How to be dealt with.

Charges of Information, Summons, &c to be paid by Offender.

Soldiers or Sailofs not paying Penalty, to be let in the Stocks.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Offender fhall be known to fuch Conftable ot other Peace Officer, fuch Conftable or other Peace Officer fhall fpeedily make Information before fome Juft ice. Mayor, &c. in order that he may be convidted.

V.	And fuch Juftice, Mayor, CtV. fhall immediately, on fuch Information, on the Oath of any Peace Officer or other Perfon, caufe the Offender to appear before him •, > and on Proof of fuch Information, convidt him: And if he fhall not immediately pay down the Penalty, or give Security to the Satisfaction of fuch Juftice, Mayor, &V. he may commit him to the Houle of Correction to hard Labour for ten Days.

VI.	The Charges of the Informations, Summons and Conviction, fhall be paid by the Of-

■ fender, if able, over and above the Penalties; which Charges fhall be afcertained by fuch Juftice, Mayor, &c. And if fuch Charges be not immediately paid, or Security given to the Satisfaction of fuch Juftice, Mayor, &c. he may commit him to the Houfe of Correction to hard Labour for fix Days, over and above fuch Time for which he may be committed for Non-Payment of the Penalties.

VII.	But if fuch Soldier or Seaman fhall not fo pay or fecure the Penalty, and alfo the Cofts of the Information, Summons and Convidtion, he fhall inftead of being committed to the Houfe of Correction, be ordered to be publicly fet in the Stocks for one Hour, for every fingle Offence; and for any Number of Offences whereof he fhall be convicted at one and the fame Time, two Hours.

VIII.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	Sy

VIII.	That if any Conftable, or other Peace Peace Officers (Officer, fhall, on the Oath of one Witnefs* not doing before one Juftice, Mayor, &c. be convibfed their

of having wilfully and wittingly omitted the Performance of his Duty in the Execution of this A ft, he fhall forfeit 40 s. to be levied by Diftrefs 5 and if fufficient Diftrefs fhall not be found, he fhall be committed to hard Labour for one Month.

IX.	Provided that no Perfon fhall be profe- Limitation of; cuted or troubled for any Offence againft this Actions. Statute, unlefs it be within eight Days next

after the Offence committed.

XVI. Extracts from 2 W. Sc M. Self. 2. c. 8. f. 20. and 8 & 9 W. 3. c. 37. f. 4. relating to the Breeding and Keeping of Hogs and Swine in London.

I.T) Y 2 of IV. & M. it is enabled. That no Breeding or JD Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, fhall breed, FeedingSwins feed or keep, any fort or manner of Swine, within any Part of the Houfes or Backfides of southvvark^r the paved Streets within the Cities of London County of and Weftminfter and the Liberties thereof, or Middlefex, the Borough of Southwark or Out-Parifhes in where the County of Middlefex, where the Houfes aieco‘“1°u‘'i,s’ are contiguous; upon Pain of forfeiting the fame to the Churchwardens and Cverfeers of the Poor of the Parifh where fuch Swine fhall be kept, bred or fed, to the Ule of the Poor thereof j and that it fhall and may be lawful for all or any of the Churchwardens, Chapel-F 2	wardens.,

68

Enforced.v

Extracts from the Pencil Laws.

wardens, Overfeers of the Poor, Conftables$ Beadles, Headboroughs or Tything-men, of any of the faid Parifhes Or Places, refpedtively at all Times in the Day-time, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Mayor of London, or any Juftice of the Peace, to fearch in all fuch Places in their rcfpe&ive Parifhes for the finding all fuch Swine j and all that fhall be fo found, to feize, take, drive and carry away, and the fame to fell for the beft Price that can be had, and the Money thereby produced forthwith to deliver to the Churchwardens or Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh where fuch Swine fhall be feized, to be diftributed to the Poor of the fame in fuch Manner and Proportions as the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers reipe&ively fhall think fit.

II. And by 8 C? 9 W. 3. which has the following remarkable Preamble, viz. Whereas by a Statute made in the fecond X'ear of the Reign of "William and Mary, the breedings feeding and keeping any fort of Swine within the Backfides of paved Streets of the faid Cities, Borough or Parifhes where the Houfes are contiguous, is prohibited on Pain of forfeiting all fuch Swine; which neverthelefs hath not prevented the fame; but that the Inhabitants of the faid Cities and Borough are ftill much annoyed, and the Health and Lives of many Families endangered by the unwholfome Savour of fuch Swine, which are ftill in great Numbers kept within the Backfides of feveral paved Streets of th:e faid Cities and Borough:

It is enacted. That the faid A <51, and the Cl a ufe therein again ft: the breeding, feeding and keeping of Swine, fhall be from and after the icth Day of April 1697, actually put

in

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

In Execution againft all Perfons whatfoever who (hall prefume to breed, feed or keep any manner of Swine within any Part of the Houfes or Backfides of the paved Streets or Lanes of the faid Cities, Borough or Pari Hies, fo far as the contiguous Buildings of them, or any of them, extend, or within the Space of fifty Yards thereof.

Obs. Either from the Ignorance of.\ or Inattention to, the above Statutes, the Evil they were intended to remove, is increafed to an enormous Degree \ and a Number of Sows for breeding, and other Hogsy are kept in Cellars, and other confined Places, in the City and Liberty of Weftminfter, which are very cffenjive and un-wholfome.

XVTL ExtraBsfrom 26 Geo. 2. c. 31. and

30 Geo. 2. c. 24. relating to Publicans keeping diforderly Houfes, or fuffering Gaming in their Houfes,

Obs. When any Publican takes out or renews his Licence before the Juftices of the Peace, he then enters into a Recognizance with Sureties ; the Words and Conditions of which are as fol-low, viz. That he fhall keep the true Aflize in uttering of Bread, Beer, Ale and other Victuals and Liquors, and fell Bread according to the Aflize, and not otherwife ; and fhall not have, permit or fuffer any playing at Cards, Dice, Tables, Bowls or any other unlawful Game or Games, in his Houfe,

F 3	Out-

JO

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Out-houfe, Yard, Garden or Backfide; nor fuffer any Perfon to become drunk, or remain there tipling or drinking contrary to Law, nor fuffer any other Diforder to be committed therein, but to maintain and keep good Order and Rule in the fame, according to the Laws of this Realm in that Behalf made and provided. And it is to this Recognizance that the following Claufe of the above Statute fo immediately relates, and deferves the ftridleft Attention of every Publican. \

Publicans for- I. HpHAT any Juftice of the Peace of any /citing Recog- J_ County, Riding, City, Liberty, or Town Corporate, wherein the Licence of any Publican mail be granted, upon Complaint dr Public I-Ioafc Information that fuch licenfed Perfon hath done ibr 3 Yeais. or committed any A£I, Offence or Mifde-m tan our, whereby in the Judgment of the fame Juftice, fuch Recognizance may be forfeited, or the Condition thereof broken, may, by Summon;; under his Hand and Seal, require fuch Perfon fo complained of or informed againft, to appear at the nest General or Quarter Sef-fions of the Peace, then and there to anfwer the Matter of fuch Complaint or Information; and may alfo bind the Perfon or Perfons who (hall make fuch Complaint or Information, or any other Perfon or Perfons, in a Recognizance to appear at fuch General or Quarter Sellions, and give Evidence againft fuch Perfon Jo complained or informed againft; and if he (hall be convicted by a Jury to be appointed by the Joffices for that Purpofe, the faid Juft ices fhall adjudge the faid Publican guilty of the Breach o: fuch Recognizance; which Ver-

LLxtraffis from the Penal Laws.	71

didt and Adjudication fhall be final to all Intents and Purpofes; and thereupon the laid Juftices fhall order the Recognizance entered into by fuch Publicans to be eftreated j and the faid Publican fhall, after fuch Adjudication, be utterly difabled to fell any Ale, Beer, Cyder,

Perry, Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, for the Space of three Years; and any Licence or Licences granted or to be granted to fuch Publican, during fuch Term, to be void, and of none Effect.

II. By 30 Geo. 2. c. 24. it is enadted. Publicans fuf-That if any Perfon or Perfons, licenfed touring Ga-fell any fort of Liquors, or who' fhall fell or ™in2jn ^eir fuller the fame to be fold in his, her or their by°jouSr’ney-* Houfe orHoufes, or in any Out-houfes, Ground men. Servants or Apartments thereto belonging, fhall know-or Appren-ingly fuffer any Gaming with Cards, Dice, tices> *orfeit Draughts, Shuffle Boards, Miffiffippi or Bil-offence hard Tables, Skittles, Nine-pins, or with any and IO]. fo. other Implement of Gaming, in his, her or every other their Houfes, Out-houfes, Ground or Apart- Offence, ments thereto belonging, by any Journeymen,

Labourers, Servants or Apprentices, and fhall be convidted of the faid Offence, on their own Confeflion, or on the Oaths of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, before any Ju-flice or Juftices of the Peace for the County,

Riding, Divifion, Ciry, Liberty or Place, wherein the Offence fhall be committed, within fix Days after any fuch Offence fhall be com-Conviction to mitted, he, fhe or they, lb offending, fhall, be within lix for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of 40 s. and, for every like Offence, which he, flie or they, fhall afterwards be convidled of, before any fuch Juftice or Juftices of the F 4	Peace,

*?Z	Ext	raffs	from the Penal Laws,

Peace, he, fhe or they, fo offending, fhalj forfeit the Sum of iol. journeymen. III. If any Journeyman, Labourer, Appren-Labourers and tice or Servant, fhall game in any ploufe, Out-i\pprent!ces, houfe, Grounds or Apartments thereto belong-p aif.Knf| mr r ing, wherein any Liquors fhall be fold, and ^unac .ouiej. Complaint thereof fhall be made on Oath before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty or Place, where the Offence fhall have been committed, every fuch Juftice or Juftices fhall thereupon iffue his or their Warrant to fome Conftable, Tything-man,	Headborough or

other Peace Officer of the Parifh, Precindt or PI ace, where the Offence fhall have been charged to have been committed, or where the Offender fhall refide, to apprehend and carry every fuch Offender before fome Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, adling for the County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty or Place where the Offence fhall be committed, or forfeit not ex- where the Offender fhall refide : And if the ceeding 20 s, Perfon, who fhall be apprehended, fhall be convicted of the fajd Offence, by the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or on his own Confeftion j every fuch Offender fhall forfeit any Sum, not exceeding 20s. nor lefs than yj. or be committed to the Houfe of Correction to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month, or till the Sum forfeited fhall be paid.

Qes. When it is confidered by the Publican bezn much he pays yearly for his fever a I Licences, tlat he is fab]eel to quarter Soldiers, and the oijtr L’fcs and Expences neccjfarily attending the a*./ eying on his Bvfmcfs, furely he cannot be too

cautious

nor tefs than

5 s-

Extr&Bs from the Penal Laws,	73

cautious to avoid the above Penalties, which muft necejfarily diftrefs his Family, as well as take away the Refutation of his Houfe. And as there are many Perfons who are wicked enough to teaze a Publican to lend them Cards., or to fuffer them to game in their Houfes, merely that they may have an Opportunity to inform againfl the Houfe for the Sake of the Reward, no Publican can be fafe who fujfers Gaming of any kind in his Houfe. But it is feared, that the too great Number of Public Houfes is the great Caufe of thefe Evils, as it induces the Publican to make Ufe of thefe Temptations to draw Cuftom to his Houfe; which would nqt be the Cafe if their Number %v#s lejjened.

XVIII. ExtraHs from 6 & 7 W. 3. c. 2. 12 Ann. c. 17. 3 Geo. 2. c. 26.

19 Geo. 2. c, 35. 32 Geo. 2. for the

preventing of Frauds and Abufes in the Admeafurement of Coals.

. L '“PHE firft A£t enadts, That all forts Sea Coal to be A of Coal, commonly called Sea-Coal, fold by the brought into the River Thames and fold, fhall ciialdr°n.

6e fold by the Chaldron, containing 36 Bufhels

heaped up, and according to the Bufhel fealed

for that Purpofe at Guildhall in London, and fo

for a greater or leffer Quantity. And that all

forts of Coals coming from Scotland and other Scotch Coal

Places, commonly fold by Weight and not by by Weight.

Mcafure, fhall be fold by Weight after the

Propor-

74	Extracts	from the Penal Laws.

Proportion of an Hundred and Twelve Pounds to the Hundred of Avoirdupoife Weight, without any Fallacy and Deceit; on Pain of Forfeiture of all the Coals which (hall be Other-Forfeiture. wife fold or expofed to Sale by any Wood-monger or Retailer of Coals and double the Value thereof; to be recovered in any Court of Record, or by way of Complaint before ..the Lord Mayor or two Juftices.

Lord Mayor II. The Lord Mayor and Court of Alder-andAldermen, men, and three or more Juftices of the feveral Counties refpedtively, are hereby empowered tlie Price of t0 fet t^e Pates and Prices of all fuch Coals as Coals fold by fhall be fold by Retail, as they from Time to Retail. Time fhall judge reafonable, allowing a competent Profit to the Retailers.

Perfons refu- III. And if any Ingrofter or Retailer of fuch fmg to fell at Coals, fliall refufe to fell as aforefaid, the faid ^a'es k Lord Mayor and Juftices refpedlively are hereby authorized to appoint and empower fuch Officers and Perfons, as they fhall think fit, to enter into any Wharf or other Place where fuch Coals are ftored up ; and in cafe of Refufal, taking a Conftable to force Entrance, and the faid Coals to fell, or caufe to be fold, at fuch Rates as the faid Lord Mayor and Juftices reflectively fliall judge reafonable.

Size of the IV. 12 Ann. c. i 7. enadts, That the Bufhel Bufhel, commonly called the Coal Bufhel, fhall be made round, with a plain and even Bottom, and to be nineteen Inches and a half from Outfide to Outfide, and to contain one Winchefter Bufhel and one Quart of Water.

Of the Sacks. V. 32 Geo. 2. All Sacks made Ufe of for the Carriage of Coals, fhall be Linen, and iealed and marked with white Paint in Oil at

Guildhall,

75

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Guildhall, London, or at the Exchequer Office at JVefcminfter; and fhall be full four Feet four Inches in Length, and full twenty-fix Inches in Breadth, after they are made; and Dealers in Coals ufing or caufing to be ufed Sacks of any lefs Dimenfions, or labouring Coal-Meters differing any Sacks to be ufed, being lefs than full four Feet in Length, and full two Feet in Breadth within-fide the Sack, or fhall negleft to attend and perform their Duty at the Wharfs, fhall forfeit 40 s. for every Offence.

VI.	3 Geo. 2. c. 26. All Lightermen and Pool Meafure, other Perfons dealing in Coals, who fhall fell

to any Perfon any Parcel or Quantity of Coals as and for Pool Meafure, viz. fuch Meafure as is ufually given or allowed in the Pool or River Thames, including the Ingrain, and fhall not deliver the full Quantity of Coals fo fold, and accordingly meafured, from on Board-fhip to fuch Lighterman or other Dealer in Coals, by the Meter, together with the Ingrain thereof, fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of 100/.

VII.	19 Geo. 2. c. 35. All Contracts and Contraas for Agreements, for any Quantity of Coals to be not lefs than delivered within the City and Liberty of Weft- fiv<--Chaldron minder, that Part of the Duchy of Lancafter ^°oode adjoining thereto, the Parijh of St. Giles’s in the p00i Meafure, Fields, St. Mary-Ie-Bon, and fuch Part of the tho’ not men-Parifh of St. Andrew, Holbourn, as lies in the honed. County 0/Middlefex, diredtly from any Lighter

or other Craft, to the Confumer, (not being lefs chan five Chaldron) including the Ingrain of one Chaldron to the Score, and fhall be fo underftood between the Seller and Buyer, tho’ the Term of Pool-Meafure may be omitted in

any

7$

LxtraUs from, the Penal Laws.

any written or verbal Contract or Agreement for that. Purpofe.

Seller to pay VILI. That 4J. for every Chaldron, which 4 d. per Chal- fhall be fold and delivered at any Wharf, Ware-dron Metage. houfe or Place, within the Limits aforefaids See Article f^all pajcj by the Seller to the principal Land Coal-Meters, or to the labouring Coal-Meters; and thereupon fuch principal Land Coal-Meters fhall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to every Seller of fuch Coals, or the Carman who fhall cart, lead, drive or carry the fame, a Paper Meters'to give Writing or Ticket, figned by the faid princi-Tickets. pal Land Coal-Meters, or one or more of them, and counterfigned by the labouring Coal-Meter attending and delivering the fame; in which fhall be contained as well the Chriftian and Surname of the refpective Seller as of the Con-fumer of the faid Coals, the Quantity and Quality, the Price per Chaldron, and the Day of the Week, Month and Year of the Sales, Delivery and Admeafurement, the Amount of Tickets to be the Metage, Charge and the Names of the Sliveredro Carmen or Perfons employed to cart, lead, Coajumer. or carry tbe fame Coals; which faid Ticket, being thus made compleat, and Metage paid, fhall be delivered, unaltered, by the labouring Coal-Meter counterfigning the fame, without Delay, to the Carman or Perfon employed to cart, carry, lead or drive the Coals Seiler to be defcribed in fuch Ticket, who fhall deliver the paid Metage. faid Ticket to the Confumer or his Agent or Servant unaltered; and the Confumer is rerequired to pay to the Seller the Metage therein Penalty on fpecified : And if the labouring Coal-Meter RefuiaJ, &c. fhall after Payment of the Metage Charge, re-0! Tickets. fufe to deliver fuch Ticket to the Carman, he

2	lhall

ExtrtiBs from the Penal Lavt)s.	^7

fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sutri of 5 /. And if fuch Carman fhall either alter or refufe to deliver fuch Ticket to the Confu-mer, he fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence 5/.

IX.	32 Geo. 2. If any labouring Coal-Meter Delivering fhall deliver a Ticket to any PerfOn for any Tickets with'-Quantity of Coals, without having been pre-

fent at, and feen the meafuring of the whole meaflirjn^ Quantity thereof fpecified and expreffed in che Coals? fuch Ticket, in every fuch cafe the principal Coal-Meters fhall forfeit the Sum of 5/. and every labouring Coal-Meter fo offending fhall be committed to the Houfe of Correction to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding 30 Days, and fhall be for ever rendered incapable of adting as a labouring Coal-Meter.

X.	19 Geo. 2. 35. If any Cart loaded, orpenaj(y0tl

in which any Quantity of Coals exceeding carrying more: eight Bufhels, fhall be fent or driven from any ^han eigh* Wharf or Warehoufe, or Place within aforefaid Limits, without firfb having obtained fu‘ch Ticket fuch Ticket as aforefaid ; the Seller and Driver See Art. XVI. of fuch Coals being thereof convidted by the Oaths of two Witneffes before one Juftice, fhall forfeit as follows, viz. the Seller 50 /. and the Driver 5 /.

XL No Coals of or belonging to any Dealer Meters fuffer-in Coals above the Quantity of eight Bufhels, ing more chan under and in Performance of any one Contradt, e5Silt: Bufhsk fhall be fent and delivered from any Wharf,

Warehoufe or Storehoule, within the Limits wharf, wuh-aforefaid, except in the Prelence of one of out being fuch labouring Coal-Meters ; and if any la- roeafured. bouring Coal-Meter fhall wittingly and willing-See Art‘ ly fuffer a greater Quantity than eight Bufhels to be lent from any Wharf as aforefaid without

being

78

Extract, from th'e Penal Laws.

being meafured as before is directed, and fhall not give Information thereof to the principal Land Coal Meters or their Deputies, at the faid Office, within two Days next after fuch Coals fhall have been fent as aforefaid, he [hall from thenceforth be for ever rendered incapable of adfing as a labouring Coal-Meter within the laid Limits, and forfeit 5/.

Dealers giving XII. If any Dealer in Coals fhall diredtly yoxo. or indireftly give or caufe to be given to any ■for meafurin«* labouring Coal-Meter, any Fee, Reward, Gra-Coais, than tuity or Sum of Money whatfoever j or if 4 d. per Chal-2ny labouring Coal-Meter fhall receive from ditm*	any Dealer in Coals for his Trouble or Pains

in attending or meafuring of Coals, other than the faid Sum of 4.d. by the Chaldron, the Dealer fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit 50/. and the labouring Coal-Meter fo offending fhall from thenceforth for ever be rendered incapable of acting as a Coal-Meter, and forfeit the Sum of 5/.

Carter frauy XIII. 32 Geo. 2. If the Driver of any Cart, dulently ueii- joarjen with Coals, or any Perfon belonging

fedn?Coals' thereto, or employed therewith, fhall deliver robe°taken or fufftr to be delivered or taken from fuch from hi; Ca-c. Cart, any Coals under his Care, otherwife than to or for the Ufe of the Owner thereof, he fhall, for every Offence, be publickly whipt or committed to the Houfe of Correction tor three Months.

Pc-rfon? ciiiTa- XIV. If any Perfon fhall be diffarisked with,

^grieved by, or in the Mea-

rT n ‘fore of any Coals, the fame fhall (either upon JpoaRe mea-	.	.	1 ,	,,	v	.	.	L.

furement fal- acquainting the Seder or, or the Carman driving

]ing fhortof or leading fuch Coals, at any Time during the

the Quantity Delivery thereof, and before the Carman fnail

tisCch may re or drink himfedf measure Coal

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

be difcharged thereof by the Confumer or his Agent) be re-meafured in the Prefence of a Sea Coal-Meter, from the Sea Coal-Meter5s Office, or one of the Meters or their Agents, for which ffiall be paid 4 d. and no more, for every Chaldron ; and in cafe the Coals thus to be re-meafured, fhall not amount to the Mea-fure for which they were originally fold and meafured, the principal Coal-Meter or Coal-Meters fhall, for every Bufhel the faid Coals fo to be re-meafured, fhall fall fhort of, or be deficient in, the true Quantity or Meafure fo originally contracted, fold and meafured, forfeit and pay the Sum of 405.

XV.	19 Geo. 2. c. 35. That from and after Notice fhall have been given in Writing to the Seller of fuch Coals, or to the Carman driving or carrying the fame, and whilft fuch Coals fhall fo remain in their or either of their Pofief-fion or Power as aforefaid, of any fuch Difla-tisfaCtion or Grievance as aforefaid, fuch Seller or Carman, in whofe Pofieflion or Power fuch Coals ffiall, at the Time of fuch Notice be, ffiall not leave or depart from the Cart in which fuch Coals ffiall have been laden but he and they ffiall remain with the fame, and take all poffible Care of the Coals and Cart, till a Meter can be procured to re-meafure fuch Coals.

XVI. 32 Geo. 2. None of the Provisions made by the A61 of the 19 Geo. 2. cr tins Act relating to the Payment or any Sums of Money, for, or on Account of the A cl m e % : u re m e n t or Infpeftion of the Admeafuremcnt ci Coals, or the Puniffiment of any Dealer

/ 79

they were originally fold for.

Carter net to quit hi? Cart after Notice of fuch Diffa-thfadtion.

m Coals, or

Carter, on Account of (ending, carrying or jf Coals from any Wharf or Place

within

Hiovinons relating to the Fee tor the . A citne afore ■■ meat of Coal?, or Punifhmenc of Dealers or Carters,

load inp-

So	Extracts	from	the	Penai	Laivs.

within the Limits aforefaid, fhall take Place and be in Force, except in fuch Cafes only where the Buyer of fuch Coals fhall have figni-fied by Notice in Writing to one of the principal Coal-Meters, or one of the labouring Coal-Meters, his or her Defire to have the Attendance of a Coal-Meter to infpefl the Admea-furement of his or her Coals, and where a Coal-Meter fhall, purfuant to fuch Notice, attend and actually infpeCt the Admeafurement of the whole Quantity of fuch Coals.

3QX. Extracts from 20 Geo. 2. for the better Regulation of Apprentices.

Apprentice?, I* HpHIS A<ft enaCts, That two or more Ju-with whom JL ftices, upon any Complaint or Appli-ro more than cation by any Apprentice, put out by the may^e dTf0’ Par^» or any other Apprentice, upon whole charged by binding out no larger a Sum than 5/. was two Juftices. paid, touching or concerning any Mifufage, Refufal of neceffary Provifion, Cruelty or other ill Treatment of or towards fuch Apprentice, by his or her Matter or Miftrefs, may fummon fuch Matter or Miftrefs to appear before them, and may examine into the Matter of fuch Complaint ; and upon Proof thereof made upon Oath to their Satisfaction (whether the Matter or Miftrefs be prefent or not) may difcharge fuch Apprentice by Warrant or Certificate, under their Hands and Seals.

Ii.

■ExtraSis from the Penal Laws.	8i

II. That fuch Juftices, on Application or And may Complaint made, on Oath* by any Matter or Puni^ Miftrefs, againft any fuch Apprentice, touch- Mildemea^or, ing or concerning any Mifdemeanor, Mifcar- Mifcarriageor riage or ill Behaviour, in fuch his or her Ser- Mifljehaviour. vice, may hear* examine and determine the fame, and piinifli the Offender by Commitment to the Houfe of Correction* there to remain and be corrected, and held to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month* or otherwife by difcharging fuch Apprentice in Manner and Form before-mentioned.

The c Eliz. c. 4. f. 35. enadls, That Ad- *D;entlces

■	°	.	,	,	^	J	0J .	.	7	with whom

prentices with whom more than 5/. is given* more than

may be difcharged at the Seffions on a juft is given, to

Complaint, either from the Matter or Appren- be ^charged

tice : And on Complaint being firft made to at Seffions-

any one Juftice of the Peace, he may bind Comprint

over the Matter to the Seftions, or may com- may, be

.	y	J	made to	a

mit the Apprentice.	Juftice.

The 2	3	Ann. c. 6. / 17. enacts, That Matters may

when Apprentices fhall be imprefted, or vo- receive their

Juntarily enter themfelves into his Majefty’s Wages if im-

Service, the Owners and Matters of fuch Ap- yoj^a’r-°r

prentices, their Executors, Adminiftrators or enterin^into

Affigns, fhall be intitled to the Wages due his Majefty’s

to fuch Apprentices.	Service.

The 5 Eliz. c. 4. f 31. enacts, That it fhall No Perfon to

not be lawful to any Perfon to fet up, occupy, fet UP an7

ufe or exercife any Craft, Myftery or Occupa-

tion now ufed or occupied, unlefs he ihall yearsnin® ^

have been brought up therein feven Years at the

leaft as an Apprentice* on Pain of forfeiting

40 j. a Month.

Qbs,

G

8z	Extracts	from	the	Penal	Laws.

Obs. As Mafters frequently lofe their Apprentices at the latter Part of their Lime, when they become moft ufeful, it is recommended to all Per-fons taking Apprentices, to take Care that the Indentures of fuch Apprentices be made for /even Tears^ and the faid Indentures be indented, d,uly ftamped, and that the Duties to be paid for the Money taken with fuch Apprentices, be duly paid. An ex all Obfervance of thefe Dire It ions will prevent many Inconveniences to both Mafters and Apprentices.

XX. ExtraBs from 29 Geo. 2. c. 14. relating to the Duty on Plate.

Annual Duties I. np HIS Law enadts, That the annual Da*

^Uver Plate	^es Payable on Silver Plate, are as fol-

low, viz.

For and upon 100 Ounces Troy Weight, and any greater Quantity not amounting to 200 Ounces, $s.

For and upon 200 Ounces, and any greater Quantity, not amounting to 300 Ounces, ioj.

And io on in exadl Proportion to the Amount of 4000 Ounces, for which, and any greater Quantity, 10/.

* Articled Clerks to Attornies may be bound for five

Years.-----’Prentices to Apothecaries for eight Years.----

P.irifh Apprentices Boys till they are feur and twenty Years

of Age.------Girls till they arc twenty-one Years of Age,

c.r tii! their Marriage.

1I>

Extracts from the Penal Laws,

83

II. That all Perfons and Bodies Politick or Perfons liable Corporate, who fhall own, ufe, have or keep Co.th? Dutie5> any Quantity of Silver Plate, chargeable by	of

this A6t, in London, Weftminjler, or in any chief Office Other-Parts within the Limits or Jurifdi&ion of of Excife ia the Chief Office of Excife in London, fhall London, to give Notice and make true Entry thereof, and gn? N°nce

O	J	*	and rnglrg

the Number of Ounces, in Writing, at the Entry there, faid Office, wherefoever the fame or any Part thereof fhall be kept, and of the Parifh or Place where fuch Perfons fhall refpe<5tively inhabit, or fuch Bodies Politick or Corporate be fituate, within 20 Days next after fuch Perfons or Bodies Politick or Corporate fhall begin to own, ufe, have or keep the fame. And all ^n£j perfons fuch Perfons and Bodies Politick or Corporate, in other Parts not inhabiting or being fituate within the Li- t0T 8!Ve hke mits aforefaid, fhall give the like Notice, and Nonce* make the like Entry at the Office of Excife at the next

next to the Place where fuch Perfons fhall in- Office of Exhabit, or fuch Bodies Politick or Corporate beciie’ fituate : And all Perfons or Bodies Politic or and pay Corporate refpe&ively fhall, at the Time ofcies. giving fuch Notice, and making fuch Entry, pay down the refpedtive Rates and Duties chargeable by this Act. And fuch refpective RefpeAve Rates and Duties fhall annually be computed Times of and deemed payable from the Time of their firft Beginning to own, ufe, have or keep fuch un Silver Plate.

III. That all Perfons and Bodies Politic or Freffi Notice Corporate, who fhall give, or be obliged to to be given, give, fuch Notice as aforefaid, final], within goand Dull<Js . Days next after the Commencement of eachpai annua Year, for which luch Rates and Duties fhall be payable, give a frdh Notice in Manner afore-

VJ 2

Lid,

34

20 1. Penalty on.not giving Notice and renewing the fame.

Freth Notice not necefTary for any new .Acquifnion of Plate within the Year.

Perfon; receiving Piate in Pledge, without efing the fame, not liable.

Owner to pay Duty for fuch pledged Plate.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

faid, and pay down the refpeftive Duties fa Jong as they fhall continue to own, ufe, have or keep any Quantity of Silver Plate chargeable by this Aft. And all Perfons or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who fhall refufe or neglect to give fuch firft. Notice, and make fuch Entry and Payment as aforefaid; or to renew the fame yearly, in Manner aforefaid ; or fhall, with Intent to defraud his Majefty of any fuch Rates and Duties, conceal, or caufe or procure to be concealed, any Silver Plate, or aft contrary to the refpeftive Directions of this Aft, fhall, for every fuch Offence refpeftively, forfeit 20/.

IV.	That no Perfon5 or Body Politic or Corporate, fhall be obliged to give any fuch frefh Notice, or make any fuch new Entry or Payment between the Commencement and Expiration of the Year, for which any fuch Rates or Duties fhall have been paid ; although fuch Perfon, or Body Politic or Corporate, may have acquired in the mean Time the Property, Ufe, Pofiefiion or Cuftody, of any additional Quantity of Silver Plate.

V.	Perfon* who fhall keep and not ufe any Silver Plate, which hath been or fhall be pledged to or depofited with fuch Perfons, by any other Perfon or Body Politic or Corporate, fhall not be charged with the Duties, payable by this Aft, for fuch Plate. But the true Owner of fuch Plate fo pledged and de-poffted fhall, during all fuch Time as fuch Piate fhall be fo kept and not ufed, be liable to pay the Rates and Duties chargeable by this Aft.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	85

VI.	That every Goldfmith, Silverfmith, Ma- Dealers to pay nufadturer, Seller of, or Dealer in Plate, fhall for Plate in give fuch Notice, make fuch Entry, and pay Ule' the Rates and Duties aforefaid, for all fuch Silver Plate as fhall be ufed by him or in his Family, on Pain of forfeiting 201.

XXI. ExtraSfs from 31 Geo. 2. and 2 W\ Sc M. fefT. 2. c. 8. relative to the buying and felling of Hay and Straw i?i London, and to Salefmen buying or felling of Fat Cattle on their own Account.

ITT is enadted. That if any Perfon or Per- Trutfes of 1 fons fhall fell or deliver, or bring into^[.^c° or expofe for Sale in Lo?idon, or within thevvei* 3 Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or in any Place within the Diflance of 30 Miles from the Extent of any Part of the faid Weekly Bills of Mortality, where Straw fhall be fold in Bundles or Truffes, any Bundle or Trufs of Straw which fhall be oflefs Weight than 36 lb. [f wa^tlnS U1 of good and found Straw, or which fhall be t]ieej§ni^e°^ in the Infide of any fuch Bundle or Trufs, of0f a VVOrfe different Goodnefs or Quality from what the Quality chan fame by the Outfide of any fuch Bundle or fhe Oucfide Trufs fhall appear to be, he, fhe or they fhall forfeit the Sum of 20 J. for every Quan-tity of Straw not delivered in Bundles, and not delivered the Sum of n. for every Bundle or Trufs inTrufles^os. which he, fie or they frail fo fell, within the ior evjery Limits aforefaid, which fhall not be of the ?TlL!<b,l,nuCi raid fu!» Wriebt Of .......................................................Vvc,sht- "

16 lb. of stood and found

or a mixed



86

Trufles of Hay to be made up in like manner, of good lourcd Hay only, and of equal Goodnels throughout; the found Hay to be allowed in Weight only.

Weight of Bands of a Trufs of Hay.

Tne Weight of a Tiuls of Hay.

ExtraS!s from the Penal Laws.

Straw, or which fhall be proved to be in the Infide of any fuch Bundle or Trufs of different Goodnefs or Quality from what the fame by the Outfide of any fuch Bundle or Trufs fhall appear to be.

II.	And it is enadted, That every Trufs of Hay, which fhall be fold or expofed to Sale within the aforefaid Limits, fhall be made up with good and found Hay only ; and fuch as the fame fhall appear to be by the Outfide of every Bundle or Trufs ; and that fuch Hay only as fhall be good and found, fhall be deemed and taken to be the Hay which is to make up the Weight every Trufs of Hay by Law ought to be ; and that the Bands fhall not exceed the Weight of §lb. under the Pain of forfeiting is. each Trufs; and the Perfons employed to bind up fuch Straw or Hay, to forfeit 3 d. for each Trufs, that fhall not be of due Weight and proper Quality.

III.	By 2 W. & M. fejf. 2. c.S. it is enacted. That every Trufs of Old Hay, brought or offered to be fold in any Place within the Cities of London and tVeftmififter, and all other Places within the Bills of Mortality, between the laft Day of Auguft and the firft Day of June, fhall contain and be the full Weight of e6lb. at leaft And that every Trufs of Hay brought or offered to be fold within the Limits aforefaid, between the firft Day of June and the laft Day of Auguft, in any Year, being New Hay of that Summer’s Growth, fhall be and contain the full Weight of 60 lb. and Old Hay of any former Year’s Growth, the Weight of 56lb. as aforefaid, under the Penalty of is, 6d.

for

Extradls from the Penal Laws.	87

For every Trufs wanting of the Weights afore-faid.

IV.	And by the aforefaid Statute of the Salefman buy* 31ft Geo. 2. it is ena£ted, That no Perfon who Hay or ihall aift as a common Salefman, in felling Stmv.on hls Hay or Straw, For any other Perfon for Gain

or Reward, or by Commiflion, in London, or within the Bills of Mortality, fhail diredtly or indiredtly buy any Hay or Straw, on his own Account, other than w'hat he fhail purchafe, to fpend for his own Ufe ; on Pain of forfeiting is. per Trufs of fuch Hay or Straw, which fhail be fo fold by or for him.

V.	And it is enacted, That in Order to A Regifter to prevent any undue Pra&ices between the Own-be kePtin ers or Salefmen of Hay or Straw, and the Ser- ^^radon^ vants of the Buyers thereof, and for other an£j withia Purpofes, there fhail be kept in the Haymarket the weekly in the City of London, and at every other Haymarket within the Bills of Mortality where

Hay or Straw is allowed to be fold, a Book or Regifter for entering and regiftering therein, an Account of all Hay and Straw which fhail be fold in any fuch Haymarket refpe&ively.

VI.	And that every Perfon who fhail fell Seller to make any Hay or Straw in London, or within the Entry of Hay-Bills of Mortality, his Servant or Agent fhail, and Straw fold within fix Hours after any Hay or Straw fhail a^jmked1* *** at any Time be fold in any public Haymarket Time.

in London, or within the faid weekly Bills of Mortality, and within feven Days after every Sale of Hay or Straw in London, or within the Bills of Mortality, fhail be made out of any fuch Haymarket in London, or any Place within the Limits of the Lid weekly Bills of Mortality, make an Entry in the Book or Regifter G ±	of

§8	Extracts	from	the	Penal	Laws.

of the Hay market in which any fuch Hay or Straw fhali be fold ; or where the fame fhali not be fold in any fuch Haymarket, then in the Book or Regifter of the Haymarket which (hall be moil contiguous to the Place in London * or within the faid weekly Bills of Mortality, in which any fuch Hay or Straw Diflinguifh- fhali he fold ; diftinguilhing therein the Names ing Name and and Places of Abode of the Owners and Sellers-Place of A- 0f any fuch Hay or Straw, and the Names bode of the ancj jpjaces 0f yybocie 0f the refpedtive Buyer or

anTSyer^ Buyers thereof, and alfo of the Perfon or Per-&c.	fons for whom or for whofe Ufe any fuch Hay

with the Date 0r Straw fhali be fo bought, and alfo the Day and to TV *n	fuc^	Hay or Straw fhali be fo bought,

the faid Entry, arH the true Price at which the fame fhali be really fold; and every Perfon who fhali fell any fuch Hay or Straw, his Servant or Agent, fhali fgn his Name or fet his Mark to every fuch Entry, and fhali pay for the fame to the Hay-weigher, Clerk or Toll-gatherer of the Haymarket, who fhali keep fuch Book or Regifter as aforefaid, the Sum of id. and the faid Re-to be g^er maY he infpedled by any Perfon for an ir.ipe&cd, on Halfpenny each; and if the Seller fhali not payingsn	make and fgn fuch Entry in fuch Regifter,

inufr.tuiiy. within the aforefaid limited Time, or refufe to pay for the fame; or fhali caufe an untrue Account to be entered therein, of the Quantity or the Price at which the fame was really fold ; or of rhe Name and Place of Abode of the Buyer ; or if the Keeper of the faid Regifter fhali neglect to keep the fame in the manner above deferibed, or refufe or delay to let any

and pay id Fee to the Clerk.

Vender neg ]ect ing to make inch Entry, El or gjve m a

r&iie riccount, pT ntry j- f

uatie therein, or to let the fame

be

Extracts from the Penal Laws-.	89

be examined at feafonable Hours, or demand and Hay-more for fuch Entry or Examination, than weigher neg-what is allowed, or fhali knowingly fuffer his any falfe Entry to be made; every fuch Of-fender fhali forfeit any Sum not exceeding 2o s. nor Jefs 20s. nor lefs than ioj.	than 10 s.

VII.	No Regifter to be made of Hay or Straw, fold in a lefs Quantity than four Trufifes ro? eg,?er

’	nr	1	C	^	to be made

in a Day to one rerion, nor or any delivered uniefs four

on fpecial Contract.	Trufles be

fold to one

Perfon in one Day, nor of any delivered on fpecial Con trad.

VIII.	Proper Scales and Weights, or En- Scales, gines for weighing Hay, to be provided by Weights, &c. the Elay-weighers and Clerks of the refpedlive t0 he provi-Markets, who are to be paid is. per Load ; the . and if lefs Quantity than a Load, an Halfpenny clerks.^ ^ p<?rTrufs for weighing the fame in any fuch Haymarket, and 2 s. per Load at any Place Fees payable out of fuch Haymarket. Hay-weighers neg-f°r the Ufe ledling their Duty herein, forfeit 20s. and not hereof.

lefs than ioj.

IX.	And by this Statute, no Salefman or Salefmen, other Broker or Fadlor, who fhali be employed employed to to buy cr fell any fort of Cattle for others, by huy or fell Commiflion or for Reward, to be paid or‘ others ^are taken, fhali, by himfelf, or any Servant or not to buy and Agent, directly or indiredtly, on or for his fell on their own Account, buy any Live Ox, Bull, Cow,own Account Steer, Bullock, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Lamb

or Swine, in London, or within the Bills of Mortality, or at any Place whilft any fuch Cattle fhali be on the Road, or be driving, bringing or coming up to be fold, or offered to or for Sale, in London, or at any other

Place

go

Exception*

Limitation of Profecution.

Duties upon Coaches and other Carriages.

Exception.

Extracts from the Penal Laws,

Place within the Limits of the faid weekly Bills of Mortality (other than fuch Cattle, ivhich any fuch Salefman, Broker or Fadtor, fhall adlually purchafe for the neceffary Ufe or Provifion of his Family, and fhall actually life accordingly) : And that no fuch Salefman, Broker or Fadtor, fhall fell or expofe, or offer to or for Sale, on his own Account, in London, or at any Place within the faid Bills of Mortality, either by himfelf or his Servant or Agent, any live Ox, Bull, Cow, Steer, Bullock, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Lamb or Swine; on Pain of forfeiting for every fuch Offence double the Value of any live Cattle which he fhall fo buy or fell, on his own Account, contrary to the Tenor of this Adt.

No Perfons to be convidted of any of the before-mentioned Offences, unlefs Profecution be commenced within three Days.

XXII. Extracts jrom 20 Geo. 2. c. 10. relati?ig to Rates and Duties upon Coaches and other Carriages.

FOR every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calafh, with four Wheels, Chaife Marine, Chaife with four Wheels, and Caravan, kept by any Perfon for his own Ufe, or to be let out to Hire (other than and except fuch Coaches and other Carriages as are licenfed by the Com-rnidioners for the Duties arifng by Hackney Coaches) the yearly Sum of 4/.

II

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	91

II.	And for every Calaffi, Chaife and Chair, with two Wheels, kept by any Perfon for his own Ufe, or to be let out to Hire, fhall be paid 405. yearly.

III.	No Perfon fhall be obliged to pay the No Perfon to faid yearly Sum of 4/. for more than five pay for more fuch Carriages kept for his or her own Ufe than $ Ca*N only ; but all Perfons, who fhall keep the fame be^ep* for fupplying any Waiting Job by the Day, for Hire. Week, Month, Quarter or any other Time,

or otherwife to let out to Hire, fhall pay the laid yearly Sum of 4L for each, though exceeding the Number of five: And every fuch Perfon who fhall keep fuch Carriage with two Wheels to be let out for Hire, fhall pay the faid yearly Sum of 40s. for each, tho* exceeding the Number of five.

IV.	Every Perfon who fhall have or keep Perfons keep-any fuch Coach or other Carriage, within the inS Coaches, Bills of Mortality, fnall give Notice in Wri-

ting, at the chief Office of Excife in London, 0f

within 20 Days after he fhall begin to keep

fuch Coach or other Carriage, and elfewhere,

to the next Office of Excife, of his keeping

the fame, the Number, whether with two

Wheels or four, and where he refides ; and

fhall pay down at the fame Time the refpedlive

Rates and Duties fo impofed as aforefaid for an(j pa DutJ.

keeping the fame;

V. And every fuch Perfon fhall annually. Notice to be within 20 Davs alter the Expiration of 12 given and Du Calendar Months alter the Time of givingties Pai<lan* fuch Notice, give frefh Notice in Manner afore- nua‘ 'v‘ faid, and pay uown the Rates and Duties above-mentioned, on Pain of forfeiting 20/.

92	Extracts	f?'om	the	Penal	Laws.

Stage Coaches VI. This AS: extends not to public Stage-Coaches conftantly employed in carrying Paf-fengers for Hire to and from different Places in this Kingdom on certain Days in every Week fixed for thatPurpofe, and not let out by Way of By-Jobb for a Day, or any longer Time; and Port-	VII.	Nor	to	any	Pofl-Chaife	kept	for	Hire

Chaifes ex- by his Majefty’s Poff-Mafter General, or by empted. any Deputy Pofl-Mafter, authorized by him to keep fuch Poft-Chaifes: But fuch Poft-Chaifes fhall, within 30 Days after letting out Poft Chaifes the fame, be entered by the Owners at the to be entered next Office of Excife; and fhall (befides the at Exofe-Of- j^jng»s Arms) have fuch Figure or Mark of a Mark. EVe Diftindtion fixed thereupon, as fhall be appointed by the faid Commiffioners for that Purpofe, on Pain of forfeiting 20/.

Coaches, &c. VIII. Nor to Coaches kept for Sale; but no kept for Sale, fuch Carriage fhall, whilfl in Poffeffion of the not to be tax- Coachmaker or other Perfon, be employed for ^	his own Ufe, or for the Ufe of any other Per-

Pena .y on pon rofjier than fuch vvhofe Carriage fhall be ufmg or let- ’ '

ting out fuch then and there mending) or be let out to Hire, Coaches, &c. on Pain of forfeiting 20/.

Coaches, See. IX. And the faid Commiffioners fhall caufe Jet out to a Figure or Mark of Diftinction to be fixed on Hire, to carry every Carriage that fhall be fo let out to Hire : a 1 .gure, &c. ^_ncj jf any Perfon fhall let out to Hire any fuch Carriage without fuch Figure or Mark fixed thereon, or fhall take off theTame when Penalty 201. fixed, he fhall forfeit 20/.

Extracts from the Penal Laws,



XXIII. Extracts from 31 Geo. 2. relative to Bakers and Bread.

1.13 Y this Statute it is enadted, That the X-} feveral forts of Bread which (hall be made for Sale, or fold or expofed to or for Sale, in any Place or Places, fhall always be well made, and in their feveral and refpeclive Degrees, according to the Goodnefs of the feveral forts of Meal or Flour, whereof the fame ought to be made ; and that noAllum or Preparation or Mixture, in which Allum PerLns ufing

fhall be an Ingredient, or any other Mixture ^w^o5iome r i»	1	/	t	«	iviixtuies iii

or Ingredient whatloever, (except only the 2reacj.

genuine Meal or Flour which ought to be put therein, and common Salt, pure Water, Eggs,

Milk, Yeaft and Barm, or fuch Leaven as fhall at any Time be allowed to be put therein by the Court, or Perfon or Perfons who fhall, by virtue of this A£t, have fet an Affize of Bread, for the Place or Places where any fuch Leaven fhall be ufed, fhall be put into, or in any-wile ufed in making Dough, or any Bread to be fold, as or for Leaven to ferment any Dough, or on any other Account in the Trade or My fiery of making Bread, under any Colour or Pretence whatfoever ; upon Pain that every Perfon, (other than a Servant or Journeyman) knowingly offending in the Premiflesj fhall forfeit 10/. and not lefs than 40 J. or be Penalty, committed to the Houfe of Correction or other Prilon to hard Labour, not exceeding one Calendar Month, nor lefs than ten Days,

ir

A I .

94

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

Journeymen II. And if any Servant or Journeyman offending. Baker, fhall knowingly offend in the Premifics, he forfeits not exceeding^/. and not kfs than Penalty. IQS. or (hall be committed to hard Labour in like manner!

Offender’s HI* And the Juftice of Peace, before whom Wame, &c. to any fuch Offender fhall be convicted, may b« publifhed. order the Offender’s Name, Place of Abode and Offence, to be publifhed in fome News Paper.

Mixtures in IV. And it is enabled. That no Perfon fhall Meal and knowingly put into any Corn, Meal or Flour, Flour.	which fhall be ground, dreffed, bolted or

manufa&ured for Sale, either at the Time of grinding, drefling, bolting, or in any wife manufacturing the fame, or at any other Time or Times, any Ingredient, Mixture or Thing whatfoever; or fhall knowingly fell, offer or expofe to or for Sale, any Meal or Flour, of one fort of Grain, as or for the Meal or Flour of any other fort of Grain, or any Thing as or for, or mixed with the Meal or Flour of any Grain, which fhall not be the real and genuine Meal or Flour of the Grain the fame fhall import to be, and ought to be; on Pain Penalty. of forfeiting not exceeding 5/. nor lefs than 40 s.

Bread made V. And it is enaCted, That no Perfon fhall

of any Mix- knowingly put into any Bread which fhall be

Meal0 of any mac^e ^or Sale, any Mixture of Meal or Flour

fort of Grain, of any other fort of Grain than of the Grain

the fame flial! the fame fhall import to be, and fhall be al-

not import to lowed to be made of, in Purfuance of this ACt,

> 7

e'	or fhall put into any Bread which fhall be made

for Sale, any larger or other Proportion of any other or different fort or forts of Grain,

or

95

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

or the Meal or Flour thereof, than what ihall be appointed or allowed to be put therein by this Aft; or any Mixture or Thing as for, or in Lieu of Flour, which fhall not really be the genuine Flour the fame fhall import to be, and ought to be; upon Pain of forfeiting Penalty, any Sum not exceeding 5/. nor lefs than 20 s.

VI.	And it is enafted, That if any Perfon Bread deficient or Perfons who fhall make any Bread for Sale, in Weight.

or who {hall fend out or fell or expofe to or for Sale any Bread, fhall make, fend out, fell or expofe to or for Sale, any Bread deficient in Weight according to the Affize it fhall be fe,t at, in Purfuance of this Aft, they fhall forfeit a Sum not exceeding gs. nor lefs than is. for every Ounce of Bread which (hall at any Time be wanting in Weight; and if lefs than an Ounce, 2 s. 6d. and not lefs than 6d. as the Magiftrate fhall think fit and order.

VII.	Complaint to be made and the Bread Complaint to weighed before the Juftice in 24 Hours after !?e I?ade ™,thl baking or felling the fame, in «very City, Monalky Town Corporate, Borough, Liberty or Fran- 24 Hours, chife, or the Jurifdiftion thereof, or within , . .

the Bills of Mortality, and within three Days Daysllfe^ in every other Place.	where.

VIII.	And it is enafted. That every Perfon Brea<j tQ be who fhall make for Sale, or fell, expofe or marked, fend out, to or for Sale, any fort of Bread whatfoever, fhall caufe the Roman Letters, a

W.	for every- Loaf of Wheaten, and an H. for every Loaf of Houfhold Bread, to be fairly marked or imprinted thereon, except as to fuch Loaves which (hall be rafped after the befpeaking or purchafing thereof, by the particular Defire of the Purchafer, on Pain of penalty.

forfeiting

Perfons refu-fing to fell Bread.

g3	■Extracts from the Penal Laws.

forfeiting a Sum not exceeding 20J. nor lefs than $s.

IX.	No Baker cr other Perfon or Perfons fhall afk, demand or take, for any Bread, any higher Price than fu-ch Bread fhall be afcer-tained to be fold for, or fhall refufe or decline to fell any fuch Bread, having more in his Poffeffion than is immediately neceffary for his own Ufe and his Cuftomers, they (hall forfeit 40 and not lefs than ioj.

X.	And it is Jikewife enabled. That no

..	-	Perfon	fhall	fell,	or	offer to Sale, any Bread

enf notto^e* an inferior Quality to Wheaten Bread, at a fold at a high- higher Price than Houfhold Bread fhall be Ft er Price than at by the Affize, on Pain of forfeiting 20J. for

each Offence.

XL And it is likewife enabled, that every Miller, Mealman, Baker or Seller of Bread, in whofe Houfe, Mill, Shop, Bake-houfe, Stall, Bolting-houfe, Paftry, Ware-houfe, Out-houfe or PofTeffion, any Mixture or Ingredient, fhall be found, which fhall be adjudged by any Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, to have been lodged there with an Intent to have adulterated the Purity of Meal, Flour or Bread, fhall, on Convidlion, forfeit a Sum not exceeding 10/. nor lefs than 40s. and Part of the Forfeiture may be applied in pubiifhing Name'&c to t^ie Offender’s Name, Place of Abode, and the be publifhed. Offence.

Perfons	XII. And Perfons obftrudting or oppofing

hindering any Search or Seizure, forfeits not exceeding-

searches to be 7	1 r u

made. 5l nor lefs than 40 J.

Penalty.

Matters con- XIII. Journeymen, who by their Neglecl vi^d byNeg- or Default are proved to be the Caufe of their

Matter

Bread of an inferior Qua-

Houlhold.

Unlawful Ingredients found in Pof-fettion of Bakers, Millers, &c.

Penalty. Offender’s

Extracts froth the Penal Laws-.

Matter or Miftrefs’s being convi&ed of any lea of Jour-of the above Offences, are liable to pay fuchneymen-Sum or Sums of Money the Juftices of Peace (hall dire£t, by way of Recompence, or to be committed.

Obs. 'The Weight of Wheaten Bread is as The Weight follows, viz. a Quartern Loaf fhould weigb^ Bread. 4lb. 5 oz. 4; the Half-Peck 81b. iioz. a Peck 171b. 6 oz.

XIV.	And by another A6t made in the 31 ft Weights and Geo. 2. it is enafted, That all Weights and Me?<u'Jes *5

*	4—J	117^0 0	nH

Meafures made Ufe of by Perfons dealing by feaied"by the Weight or Meafure, within the faid City and proper Officer. Liberty* (hall be figned and feaied by the Standards belonging to the faid City* and alfo marked with a Port-cullis by the Officer appointed for that Purpofe, for which the faid Officer (hall demand the Fees following, and Fees, no more: That is to fay* For every Bufhel,

4 d. for every Half-Bufhel, id. for every Peck,

Half-Peck and Quarter-Peck, 1 d. for all Half-Pecks and Quarter-Pecks per Dozen, 10^. for every Sack, id. for every Ale and Beer Meafure, One Farthing ; for every HundredWeight,

4d. for every Half-Hundred Weight, id. for all Pound Weights under Half a Hundred Weight, one Halfpenny, for all Ounce Weights and other Weights under a Pound, One Farthing.

XV.	And the Annoyance Jury may deftroy Annoyance

all Weights and Meafures belonging to Perfons Jnry t0

dealing by Weight or Meafure, and amerce wXh^nT

the Owner or Perfon, in whofe Poffeffion the Meafures,

fame fhall be found, in any Sum of Money and may a-

npt exceeding 40 s. for any on& Offence, merce the offenders.

Obs.

H

Extratfs from the Penal Laws.

Obs. As this laft-mentioned Claufe gives a Power to the Annoyance Jury to feize and defiroy defective Weights and Meafures, their frequent vifiting the Markets in the City and Liberty of Weftminfter, where Huckfiers-and other Per fins are very apt to make Uje not only of fhort Weights and defective Meafures, hut of Meafures that have really no Name \ it would he of infinite Service to the Poor who buy Commodities to retail for the Support of their Families.

To be more fully informed, fee the above ■Statutes.

XXIV. An ExtraB from y Sc S W. 3. c. 19. relative to Publicans if,ng of Plate in their Hoifes.

Obs. c7~j HE very common Ufe of Silver Tankards, ■* Cups, See. in Public Eloufes at this Lime, has been attended with very melancholy Confequ-mces, as it is too great a Temptation fir many low Perfons to witbfiand who frequent Public Eloufes \ for as an Alehoufe is free for every Body, there is no guarding againfl this Inconvenience, other wife than by dififing Plate: Nay, it is very common for Publicans to have even their Pewter Pots ftolen, much' more Silver ones; and as this is an illegal Temptation in the Publican, it wen to be wijhed, that they would attend to the fob Ewing Claufe, which would net only fecure that Property which they fo frequently lofe, but alfi "be the Means cf faving the Lives of feme of his

99

; .

ExtP'afis from the Penal Laws.

Majefty's Subjects ; for feveral have already been executed, and there are at prefent no lefs than fix different Perfons pofitively charged with fiealing eight tankards and Cups from Publicans within the Space of one Week, all of whom, if apprehended, may pojfibly be capitally comitted.

By the above Statute it is enabled, That no No Retailers Perfon keeping an Inn, Tavern, Ale-houfe or of Liquors to Vichialling-houfe, or felling Wine, Ale, Beer ufe or exPofe or any other Liquors by Retail, (hall pub- wrou2tui,late* licly ufe or expofe to be ufed, in fuch his or her Houfe, any wrought or manufactured Plate whatfoever, or any Utenfil or Veffel thereof, Spoons ex-(except Spoons) under the Penalty of forfeit- cepted. ing the fame; or the full Value thereof, together with full Cofts of Suit to him, her or them* who (hall fue for the fame.

XXV. Extracts from the 43 Eliz. c. 7.

15 Cha. 2. c. 2. 6 Geo. 1. c. 16. and 9 Geo. 1. c. 22. relative to robbing cf Orchards, cutting down Press, &c.

I.	“O Y the faid Statute of the 43 Eliz. it is perfons cut„ 115 enaCted, That all and every Perfon and ting and ca-- Perfons, who fhall cut or unlawfully take king away away any Corn or Grain growing, or rob any growingCorn, Orchards or Gardens, or break or cut any robbing Or-Hedge, Pales, Rails or Fence, or dig, pull breakup or take up, any Fruit Tree or Trees, in any Orchard, Garden or elfevvherc, to the In- ftr0ying Fiuis

H 2	'	tent	Trees,

IOO

Extracts from the Penal Laws*

cutting or tent to take and carry away the fame, or fhall {polling cut or fp0ii any Woods or Underwoods, Pales Woods and Qr yrees landing, not being Felony by the n erwoo s, j^aw§ Qf t^js Rea}m. arK} their Procurer and

Procurers, Receiver or Receivers, knowing to make Satif- the fame, fhall, on being convi&ed before any faction, or to one Juftice of the Peace, be obliged to make

Vlilpnb7, Recompence to the Party injured* which, if t^ e on a e, nQt jn	pQWer>	t0	be whipt by the Con-

Conftable re- ftable where the Juftice fhall direct; and if the fofmg^ to whip faid Conftable or other Peace Officer, ffiall re-OfFender, to fufe or neglecff to whip, or caufe the faid be committed, offender to be whipt, he fhall be committed Firff Offence, till he comply: The Offender for the firft Offence only, to be allowed to make Recompence; Second Of- but for every fubfequent Offence, to be whipt fence.	when and where the faid Juftice fhall direcff.

II.	And by the Statute of the 15 Cha. 2. it is enadted, That every Conftable, Headbo-rough, or any other Perfon, in every County, City, Town Corporate, or other Place, where they fhall be Officers or Inhabitants, fhall and may by virtue of this A6t have full Power Unlawfully anc^ Authority to apprehend, or caufe to be carrying away apprehended, all and every Perfon or Perfons or having in they fhall fufpeft, having or carrying, or any Pdfleffion any Ways conveying, any Burthen or Bundles .of

denvoods^&c.311^	Wood,	Underwood, Poles or

’’Young Trees, or Bark or Baft of any Trees, or any Gates, Stiles, Pofts, Pales, Rails or Hedge-wood, Broom or Furze: And by. Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one Juftice Houfes of fuf- of the Peace direfted to any Officer, fuch OF petted Perfons ficer fhall have Power to enter into and fearch :obefearched. rfie Houfes, Out-houfes, Yards, Gardens or other Places, belonging to the Houfes of all

and

ExtraSls fro?n the Penal haws.	io-£

and every Perfon or Perfons they fhall fufpeft to have any kind of Wood, Underwoods,

Poles or Young Trees, &c. as aforefaid. And wherefoever they find any fuch, to apprehend and caufe to be apprehended all and every Perfon or Perfons fufpedled for the cutting and taking of the fame, and them and every of them, as well thofe apprehended carrying or any ways conveying any kind of Wood as aforefaid; as alfo thofe in whofe Houfes or other Places belonging to them, any fuch Wood of any kind fhall be found, to carry before fome Juflice of the Peace; and if the faid Perfon or Perfons do not then and there give a good Account how they came by fuch Woods,

&c. by producing the Owner, the Perfon that fold the fame, or fome credible Witnefs, to prove the faid Sale, that then the faid Perfon or Perfons, fo fufpedled, fhall be deemed and adjudged convicfted of the faid Offence of cutting and fpoiling of the fame Woods, Underwoods, Poles or Young Trees, or Bark or Baft of Trees, Gates, Stiles, Polls, Pales,

Rails or Hedge Wood, Broom or Furze, within the above Statute of the 43 Eliz. and fhall be liable to the Punifhment therein contained, and over and above pay down prefently unto the Overfeers for the Ufe of the Poor of the Parifh, fuch Sum of Money not exceeding ioj. as the Juftice fhall think meet: And in cafe of Negiedl, the faid Juftice fhall commit the Offender to the Houfe of Corredlion for fuch Time as he fhall think fit, not exceeding one Month, or caufe him to be whipt by the Con-liable j and for a fecond Offence to be com- Second Of-mitted for one Month to hard Labour, and fence.

H 3	for

103

Third Offence.

Perfons buying Poles or Sticks of Wood. &c.

io £ay treble the Value to the Party injured,

to be levied by Diftrefs.

Profec-ution to be within fix Months.

Perfons mati-cioufly cutting down, deitrcy-ing, defacing Woods, Under 'Woods, Pences, Sec.

Extracts from the Penal Laws,

for the third.Offence to be deemed incorrigible Rogues.

III.	And it is further enadled, That whofo-ever fhali buy any Burthens of Wood, or any Poles or Sticks of Wood, or any other the Premiffes particularly mentioned in this Adt, and it fhould appear to any Juftice of Peace, before whom fuch Matter fhali be enquired into pn Oath, that the fame was bought of a Perfon who might juftly be fufpedted to have ftolen or unlawfully come by the fame, and that the fame was ftolen or unlawfully^ come by : In fuch cafe, the laid Juftice fhali award the Party who bought the fame, to pay treble the Value of the fame to the Party from whom the fame was ftolen or unlawfully taken ; and in Default of prefent Payment thereof, to iffbe his Warrant to levy the fame by Diftrefs, and in Default of fuch Diftrefs, t6 commit the Party to Gaol at his own Charge, there to remain one Mogth without Bail. The Profecution for the above Offences to be within fix Months.

IV.	And by the 6 Geo. i. c. io.it is ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons, in a riotous, open, tumultuous, or in a fecret and clan-deftine Manner, forcibly, or wrongfully and maltciouily, and without the Confent of the Proprietor, Wood-Reeve, Wood-Keeper or Pei Tons chiefly intrufted with the Care, Overflight and Cullody of any Woods, Wood-Grouncls, Parks, Chaces, Coppices or Plantations, fhali cut down, deftroy, break, bark, throw down, burn, take, deface, fpoil or parry away, any Wood or Springs of Wood, Under-Wood or Coppice-Wood, or fhali in fuch a riotous, forcible, tumultuous, fecret or

clan-

Extracts from the Penal Laws. •

clandeftine manner as aforefaid,^ malicioufly break open, throw down, level or deftroy, any Hedges, Gates, Polls, Stiles, Rails, Fences, Ditches, Banks or Inclofures, of fuch Woods, Wood-Grounds, Coppices, Plantations, Timber-Trees, Fruit-Trees, or other Trees, Thorns or Quickfets, that then it fhall and may be lawful to and for any two Juftices of the Peace or the Juftices in open Seftions, upon Complaint to them made, to hear and determine all and every the Offences aforefaid; and on Conviflion of the Offenders to inflict the Pu-nilhments prefcribed by the i Geo. i. c. 48. viz. to be committed to the Houfe of Correction to hard Labour for three Months, without Bail or Mainprize; or where there is no Houfe of Correction, to the common Gaol for four Months, and to be publickly whipt once in every Month for fuch three Months, in fame Market Town next where the Houfe of Correction Hands; and where there is no Houfe of Correction, to be whipt once a Month for luch four Months by the Hands of the common Hangman, in fome Market Town near the Place where the Offence was committed ; and before the faid Offenders (hall be dif-charged, he, fhe and they fhall find fuffcient Sureties for his, her or their good Behaviour, for the Space of two Years then next enfuing.

V.	And by the 9 Geo. 1. c. 22. it is made Capital for anyPerfon, whether in Difguife or not, who fhall unlawfully or malicioufly cut down, or otherwife deftroy any Trees planted in any Avenue, or growing in any Garden, Orchard or Plantation, for Ornament, Shelter or Profit.

XO'

liable to the Penalties in-flifted by 1 Geo. 1. flat. 2. c. 48.

Perfons deft roying Trees planted in Avenues,Gardens or Plantations, guilty of Felony.

II

4

XXVI..

Extracts from the Penal Laws*

’104

XXVI. Extracts Jrom 20 Geo. 2. c. 19, for the better. adjufting and more eafy Recovery of the Wages of certain Servant 5, ^ and for the better RegulaUon of fuch Servants,

Differences between Mailers and Servants to be determined by one J uilice.

who may make Order for Payment of Wages, under a certain Sum,

and levy the fame by Di-rbefs and Sale

I.	'npHIS A<ft ena&s, That all Complaints, JL Differences and Difputes, which fhall happen or arife between Matters or Miftreffes and Servants in Hufbandry, who fhall be hired for one Year or longer, or which fhall happen or arife between Matters or Miftreffes, and Artificers, Handicraftfmen, Miners, Colliers, Keel men, Pitmen, Glafsmen, Potters, and other Labourers employed for any certain Time, or in any other manner, fhall be heard and determined by one or more Juftices of the Peace, who may examine upon Oath any fuch Servant, Artificer, &c. or any other Witnefs, touching any fuch Complaint, Difference or Difpute, and make fuch Order for Payment of fo much Wages to fuch Servant, Artificer, &c. as fhall feein juft and reafonable, provided that the Sum in Queftion do not exceed 10/. with Regard to any Servant, nor 5 /. with Regard to any Artificer, Handicraftfman, &c. and in cafe of Refufal or Non-Payment of any Sums • fo ordered, by the Space of 21 Days after fuch Determination, fuch Juftice may levy the fame by Diftrefs and Sale.

jufliccs may II. That fuch Juftice upon Application or hear Mailers Complaint made upon Oath by any Matter, Complaint*, Midrefs or Employer, againft fuch Servant, Oflendersby Artificer, Handicraftfman, Miner, Collier,

Keelman,

Extracts from the ’Penal Laws%	105

Keelman, Pitman, Glafsman, Potter or La- Commitment,

bourer, touching or concerning any Mifde- Abatement of

rneanof, Mifcarriage or ill Behaviour, in

his or her Service or Employment, may hear, lon*

examine and determine the Tame, and punifh

the Offender by Commitment to the Houfe of

Corredlion, there to remain and be corre<5led

and held to hard Labour for any Time not

exceeding one Month, or Qtherwife by abating

fome Part of his or her Wages, or by dif-

charging fuch Servant, Artificer,	from

his or her Service or Employment.

III.	And in like manner, fuch Juftice, upon and may hear Complaint or Information upon Oath, by any Servants Com-fuch Servant, Artificer, Handicraftfman, Miner, PJamts» Collier, Keelman, Pitman, Glafsman, Potter, or other Labourer, againft fuch Mafter, Mail refs or Employer, touching or concerning any Mifufage* Refufal of neceffary Provifion,

Cruelty, or other ill Treatment of, to or towards fuch Servant, Artificer, &V. may fum- fummon Ma-mon fuch Mafter, Miftrefs or Employer, to fters» appear before him, and may examine into the and difcharge Matter of fuch Complaint, whether fuch Ma- Servants.

Her, Miftrefs or Employer, fhall appear or not; and upon Proof thereof made, may dif-charge fuch Servant, Artificer, £s?r.

Obs. If inftead of Servants in Husbandry as above-mentioned, it had been faid Servants in general, it would have extended that Law to all domeftic Servants whatever, and have fubjebfed them as well as their Mafters and Mijlrejj'esy to have their Mifcondudt and Mifbehaviour, and Bifputes about Wages, &c. to be enquired into by Magiftrates. Lhe Body of domeftic Servants is very large, and at pr eft nt without any Regulation;

but

ig6	Extradfs	from	the	Penal	Laws,

but it is apprehended^ that if a Regifier-Office, founded on the fame Principles, and executed by the fame Methods, as that in the Strand, fo long carried on by Mr. Fielding and Co. were to be under Parliamentary Sanction) to have all Imitators fuppreffed, to be executed by Commiffionersy and the Profits arijing to go to the Government, It would be a great Blefiing to Mankind; as it would open a fair Channel for Preferment for every faithful, induftrious and diligent Servant, and would effectually prevent diffolute Servants from Admiffion into quiet worthy Families.

XXVII. Extradfsfrom 7 Geo. 1. flat. 1, c. 13. for regulating the Journeymen Laylors within the Weekly Bills of Mor-

iContra&s be* I. np HIS A61 enadls, That all Contracts, tween Jour- J Covenants or Agreements, in Writing ’fceymen for or not Writing, made or entered into by or the^Wage? between any Perfons brought up in, or pro-or leffening * felling, ufing or exercifing the Art or Myftery the Hours of of a Taylor, or Journeyman Taylor, in making Wo;k, de- Up Mens or Womens Work, within the Cities -mntle^a? London or Wefiminfier, or the Weekly Bills b ’ of Mortality, for advancing their Wages or leffening their nfual Hours of Work, are hereby declared to be illegal, null and void, to all Taylors en- Intents and Purpofes whatfoever; and thofe tenng into who fhall keep up, continue, a6t in, make, ^mf^aTbe enter ^nt0’ Agn> foal, or be knowingly inte-cornmitted for refted or concerned in any fuch Contract, Co~ two Months.	venant

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	107

venant or Agreement, and being convicted thereof on the Oath of one Witnefs, before two Juftices, fiiall be committed to the Houfe of Correction to hard Labour, or to the common Gaol, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding two Months.

II.	That the Hours of Work of all Jour- Hours cf neytnen Taylors, &c. fhall be from Six o’Clock Work, in the Morning till Eight o’clock at Night.

III.	The Wages of Journeymen Taylors, &c. Wages, Sec, vary, as thpy are fettled by the Quarter- Seffons %

who have alfo a Power of altering the Hours of Work *, and the Rates and Alterations made at fuch Quarter-Seffons are to be obferved by Taylors and Journeymen, on Pain of two Months Impri-ferment. Profecuticn to be within fix Days.

IV.	The Wages of Journeymen Taylors, res, how CV. may be recovered by Dill refs and Sale, to be reco-on making Complaint before tv/o Juftices. vered.

V.	That if any Perfon retained or employed Journeymen as a Journeyman Taylor or Servant, in the departingfrom Art or My fiery of a Taylor, fhall depart from tJleir Servlce his Service before the End of the Term or g^'of the Time for which he is or fhall be hired or re- Term, or the rained, or till the Work for which he is hired Work fini-or retained, fhall be finifhed, or not being

retained or employed, fhall refufe to enter into or refilling to Work or Employment (after Requeft made enter into for that Purpofe by any Mafter-Taylor for theWor^* Wages and Hours limited, or to be limited and appointed, as aforefaid) unlefs it be for fome reafonable or fufficient Caufe to be allowed by two Juftices, fhall be Tent to the Houfe of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time, not exceeding two Months.

VI

men.

forfeit 5 1.

Houle of Correction.

I ©8	Extracts	from the Penal Laws.

Taylors al- VI, That if any Mafter-Taylor, or other lowing greater Perfon profefftng, ufing or exercifing the Art Seirjour orMyfteryof a Taylor as aforefaid, within the J Limits aforefaid, (hall give, allow or pay any more or greater Wages than as aforefaid, for the Hours of Work aforefaid, to any Servant or Journeyman in Money or otherwife, and being thereof convidfed upon any Profecu-tion commenced widiin fix Months after the Offence carpmitted, fiiall forfeit and pay the Sum of 5/. And every fuch Servant or Jour-Journeymen neyman, taking more or greater Wages than taking greater as aforefaid, for the Hours of Work as afore-Wages, to be faid, and being thereof convidted as aforefaid, enttothe fhaji	to	Houfe	of Correction, and

there kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Months: And all Retainers, Promifes, Obligations or Securities, for any Wages, Pay or Allowances, contrary to this Adt, fhall be null and void.

Obs. The Mafter Taylors in this Metropolis have repeatedly endeavoured to break and fupprefs the Combinations of their Journeymen to raife their Wages and lejj'en their Hours of Work> but have ever been defeated, notwithftanding the excellent Provijion of the above Statute; and this has been in fame Meafure owing to the Infidelity of the Mafiers themfelves to each other % fome of whom, taking the Advantage of the Confufion, have collected together fome of the ableft of the Journeymen, whofe exorbitant Demands they have complied with, while many other Mafters have had a total Stop put to their Bufmefs, becaafe they would not be guilty of a Breach of fto necejfary a Law ; but the Succefs of the Journeymen in theft Difputes, and the Submiftion of their Mafterj-.

ExtrabIs from the Penal Laws.

is chiefly owing to the Cuftom the Mafters now have got of charging extra Images in their Bills, by which Means they relieve themfelves, and the Invpojition is thrown entirely on the Public, who can alone redrefs it, by throwing it back again upon the Mafter Taylor, for whofe Benefit and Security the Legiflature has taken fuch Pains as leaves him without Room for Complaint.

XXVIII. Extrabds from 30 Geo. 2. c. 24.

9 Geo. 1. c. 22. 27 Geo. 2. c. 15. nr-

lative to Frauds and Lhreatning Letters.

I.	H E firft Aft enaCts, That all Perfons Obtaining jL who knowingly and defignedly, by falfe Money or Pretences, fhall obtain from any Perfon Money,	*

Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, with Intent to cheat or defraud any Perfon of the fame,

(hall be deemed Offenders againft Law and the public Peace; and the Court before whom fuch Offender (hall be tried and convifted, (hall order fuch Offender to be fined and imprifoned, or to be put in the Pillory, or publicly whipped, or to be tranfported.

II.	And that all Perfons who fhall knowingly Sending fend or deliver any Letter or Writing, with or threading without a Name or Names, fubfcribed thereto, Letcers-or figned with a fictitious Name or Names,

Letter or Letters, threatening to accufe any Perfon of any Crime punifhable by Law with Death, Transportation, Pillory or any other infamous Puniftiment, with a View or Intent to extort or gain Money, Goods, Wares or Merchandises

i 10	Extracts	front	the	Penal Laws;

thandizes from the Perfon fo threatened to he

accufed, fhall be deemed Offenders as above,

mid fuffer the fame Punijhrnent.

Perfonscon- III. By of Geo. i. c. 22. All Perfons who

vifted of fend-knowingly fend any Letter without any

ingThreaten- }sjame fubfcribed thereto, or figned with a ing Letters, or ~ ~ . . XT	,	n*	Tr	.	r

of refcuing	ficticious Name, demanding	Money, Venifon

Perfons in	or other- valuable Thing 5 or	fhall refcue any

Cuftody for	Perfon in lawful Cuftody for	fuch Offence •, or

fhall by Gift or Promife of	Money, or other

tomuei on • Reward, procure any of his Majefty’s Subjeds

to join him or them in any fuch unlawful Ad, fhall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fhall fuller Death as in Cafes of Felony without Be-nefit of Clergy.

IV.	By zy Geo. 2. c. 15. If any Perfon fhall knowingly fend any Letter without a Name fubfcribed thereto, or with a fictitious Name,-Letter or Letters, threatening to kill or murder any cf his Majefty’s Subjects, or to burn their Houfes, Out-houfes, Barns, Stacks of Corn et Grain, Flay or Straw, though no Money or Venifon or other valuable 1 hing fhall be demanded, in or by fuch Letter, or fhall forcibly refcue any Perfon being lawfully in Cuftody of any Officer or other Perfon for the faid Offence, fhall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fhall fuffer Death as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

Obs. i. As by tbs above Statute for the Pa-niflment of Frauds, the Magiftrate has Power to bind over the Party injured to profecuU, Tradefmen and Shopkeepers cannot be too exact in their Dealings with Strangers, or too mindful of what pajfes at the Time of their giving fuch

Credit,

Ill

Extracts from'the Venal Laws.

Credit, as it is thefe Circumftances which make the Difference hettveen a Fraud and a Debt.

Obs. 2. If Letters put into the Receiving-Houfes belonging to the Penny-Poft, were to be marked on the Outftde not only with the Name of the Perfon keeping fuch Receiving-Houfe^ but with the Name of the Street in which fuch Re-ceiving-Houfe is fituated, it would often be the Means of tracing many of the above-mentioned Letters to their Author.

XXIX. Extracts relating to the Jlealing or dejlroying Turnips.

THE 23 Geo. 2. c.26. enaCfs, That if any Penalty on Perfon fhall (leal and take away, or ma- Perfons fteal-licioufly pull up and deftroy any Turnips, in2or de_

• J * *	1	.	r	J	a	J	f'	j	Proving Tur-

growing or being in any Lands or Grounds nio; gr°vving belonging to any Perfon, and fhall be thereof in private convicted ‘before one Juftice of the Peace, Grounds, either by Confeffion of the Party offending, or by the Oath of one or more Perfons; every Perfon fo offending fhall for the firft Offence

give and pay to the Owner of the Turnips fo ftolen, pulled up or deftroyed, full Satisfaction for his or their Damage thereby fuflained, arid within fuch Time as the faid Juftice fhall appoint ; and fhall over and above pay down upon fuch Conviction unto the Overfeers of the Parifh where the Offence was committed, for the Ufc of the Poor, any Sum not exceed-

t i 2	Extract's	from the Fatal Laws.

ing ioj. And if fuch Offender fhall not make fuch Recom pence or Satisfaction to the Owner, and pay fuch Sum to the Ufe of the Poor, then fuch Juftice may commit the Offender to the Houfe of Correction for any Space not exceeding one Month, or may order fuch Offender to be whipped by the Conftablea and for a fecond Offence fhall be committed for three Months. Limitation of Profecution to commence within 30 Days Profecution. af\;er the Offence committedi

XXX; Extracts from 16 Geo. 2. c. 8. 17 Geo. 2. c* 37. 24 Geo. 2. c. 40. 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. 28 Geo. 2. c. 19; relative to the felling of Wine, Ale$ Beer and Spirituous Liquors.

None to retail I. T F any Perfon or Perfonsjhall prefume of Spirituous Li-	offer	to retail any fort of Spirituous

aJJcenceh0Ut liquors wi^out taking out a Licence and renewing the fame yearly, he, Die or they fhall refpectively forfeit the Sum of 101, for each Offence; and in cafe of Refufal or NegleCt of Payment, the Juftice before whom convicted, may commit fuch Offender to the Houfe of Correction to hard Labour for two Months, and not to be difcharged till the faid Sum of 10/. fhall be paid, or till the full Expiration of the faid two Months.

Offenders to II. And by 17 Geo. 2. c. 17. The Juftice be whipt be- may, if he thinks proper, inftead of levying *®re	the Penalty, commit the Offender to the Houfe

lbs r°m ** Correction, to be kept to hard Labour for

?,	two

ExiraBs from the Penal Lawsi	I13

fwo Months*, and the Perfori fo committed ftlall; before his Difcharge, be fbript naked from the Middle upwards, and ivhipt till his Body be bloody.

III.	And by 24 Gio. 2. c. 4b. the faid Pe-fialty of 10/. is not td be mitigated lower be reduced be-than 5/. Arid all Spirituous Liquors which Jow $ 1. and fhall be found in the Cuftody of fuch Perfon a5J Spirituous for fix Months after Cohvicftibn, fhall be feized, founc*, ftaved or otherwife. deftroyed % for a fecond offender* Offence, exclufive of all other Penalties, to be within fix Committed to hard Labour for three Months, Months after and whipt, if the JuftiCe or Commiffioner think fit; and for a third Offence to be tranP c^Lr0Afed‘ ported for feven Years.	fc„S!

Third Of.

fence.

IV.	IF any Diftiller or other Perfon fhall Diflillers, &c, knowingly fell or deliver* or caufe to be fold felling, &c. and delivered by his Servants or others, any Ll{luo*s to be Quantity of Diftilled Spirituous Liquors, to J^ied/o^ro" the End that the fame may be unlawfully re^ unlicenfed Re^ tailed, or to any unlicenfed Retailer, he fhall filers, forfeits forfeit 10/. and treble the Value of fuch Spi- *o1:tre* fituous Liquors fo fold arid delivered j and if r any Perfon guilty of retailing Diftilled Spiri- covering and tuous Liquors* fhall difeover the Diftiller or convicting the other Perfon* who fhall have fupplied him with P,ft,her, in-fuch Liquors, and fhall profecute him without ™ penalty^9 Delay to Conviction* he fhall not only be in- ancj indemni^ titled to half the Penalty, but fhall be indem- fied. nified againft all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by hirh* before the Commencement of fuch Profecution for felling Spirituous Liquors Without Licence.

V.

t

114	Extracts	from	the Pe?ial Lawsi

No Debt un- V. No Perfon (hail be intitled unto or main-der 20 s. for tajn any Caufe, Adtion or Suit for* or recover ^ors*con- *' either in Law or Equity, any Sum or Sums of tufted at one Money, Debt or Demands whatfoever, for Time, reco- or on Account of any Spirituous Liquors* verable, &c. uniefs fuch Debt fhall have really been and bona fide contradfed at one Time, to the Amount of 20s. or upwards •, nor fhall any particular Article or Item in any Account or Demand for Diftilled Spirituous Liquors be allowed or maintained, where the Liquors delivered at one Time* and mentioned in fuch Article or Item, (hall not amount to the full Value of 20s. at the leaft, and that without Fraud or Covin; and where no Part of the Liquors fo fold or delivered fhall have been returned or agreed to be returned diredly or indiredly; and in cafe any Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, i with or without Licence, fhall take or receive any Pawn or Pledge from any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, by way of Security for the Pay-Retailer ta- nient of any Sum or Sums of Money owing king a Pledge, by fuch Perfon or Perfons for fuch Spirituous to forfeit 40 s. Liquors or Strong Waters, every fuch Perfon offending herein fhall forfeit and lofe the Sun! of 4os. for each and every Pawn or Pledge fo taken in or received by him, to be levied by Warrant from one Juftice; arid the Perfon to Owner may whom any fuch Pawn or Pledge doth belong, recover his	fhall have the fame Remedy for recovering

e se‘	fuch Pawn or Value thereof, as if it had never

been pledged.

Perfons bring- VI. And by the faid Statute, Perfons bringing Spirituous ing Spirituous Liquors into any Gaol, Prifon* PnfonsSlnt° ^ou^e Correction, Workhoufe or Houfe Workhoufes, Entertainment for Parifh-Poor, fhall on &c.	Conviction

Extracts from the Penal Laws,	115

fconvidtion forfeit any Sum not exceeding 20L and not lefs than 10L or be committed to hard Labour not exceeding three Months.

VII.	By 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. it is enabled. That PeTfons re-no Perfon whatfoever (unlefs duly Jicenfed for tailing Wine that Pdrpofe) (hall fell or utter by Retail, thatvvlthout

is, by the Pint, Quart, Pottle or Gallon, orcence» by any other greater or iefs Retail Meafure, or in Bottleis in any lefs Quantity than fhall be equal to the Meafure of the Cade or Veifel in which the fame fhall have been, or may lawfully be imported, any kind of Wine or Wines, forfeit 1001, or any Liquor called or reputed Wine*, on Pain of forfeiting for every Offence 100 /. Complaint to be made to the Commiffioners of the Stamp-Office in Lincoln's Inn.

VIII.	By 26 Geo. 2. c. 31. and 28 Geo. 2. Perfons felling

c. 19. it is enabled, That every Perfon con- Ale Beer, &C*

vi£ted of felling Ale, Beer or other Liquors,'vltnoucLi‘ o *	1	*	cence.

without a Licence from two Juftices for that

Purpofe, fhall forfeit for every firfb Offence 4os. for every fecond Offence 4/. for every third Offence 61. and the Paid Penalty of 61. for every Offence afterwards, and for Want of fufficient Diftrefs, to be committed to the common Gaol or Houfe of Correction, without Bail or Main prize, for the Space of one Month for the firft Offence; two Months for the fecond*, and for the third and every fub-fequent Offence until fuch Offender fhall be discharged by Order of the Court of General Quarter-Seffions,

I 2

XXXL

j 16	Extracts	front	the	Penal	Laws.

XXXI. Extracts frotn 30 Geo. 2. c. 21. relative to the Prefervation of Fijh in the River Thames and Waters of Medway ; and for regulating the Fijhery thereof

B

Y this Statute, the Court of the Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London for the Time being, have full Power and Authority to make and frame Rules, Orders and Ordinances, for the governing and regulating all Perfons who fhall fifh or drudge in the River Thames and Waters of Medway, and for ascertaining the Aflize of the feveral Fifh to be there taken, &c. In confequence of which Authority, the following Rules, among many others, were made :

Perfons felling I. That no Perfon (hall knowingly have in or crying his Cuftody, or cry, carry about, or expofe to

fonTbie'or^n or ^or Sale, on anY ^art die River Thames fizeable Fifh. or in die Waters of Medway, within the Jurisdiction aforefaid, or in the Cities of London or Weftminjier or the Liberties thereof, or in the Counties of Middlefex, Surrey, EJfex or Kent, or any of them, any Spawn, Fry or Brood of Thames Fifh, or Fifh of the Waters of Medway, or Spat of Oyfters, or any Thames Fifh, or Fifh of the Waters of Medway, under the Di-menfion or Size allowed by the Orders hereby made*, or fhall fell or expofe to or for Sale, any Thames Smelts (except only in the Seafon, in which the fame are hereby allowed to be caught) or fhall knowingly fell or expofe to or for Sale, at any Time of the Year, any unwholfome,

unfea-

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	217

gnfeafonable or unfizeable 'Thames Fifh, or Fifh of the Waters of Medway, under Penalty to forfeit the fame to any Perfon who will make Seizure thereof (and which any Perfon is hereby authorized to do, and to bring the Offender before a Magiftrate) and alfo under Pain to forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence 40 s.

II.	That no Perfon fhall, on the River P^rfoas re-Thames or Waters of Medway, within the Ju- jjyV-”g|or rifdiction aforefaid, or in any Part of the Cities fizeabfe'i^fh. cf London or Weftminfter or the Liberties thereof, or in the faid Counties of Middlefex, Surrey,

Ejfex or Kent, or any of them, knowingly buy or accept of, or take by way of Gift, Exchange or otherwife, any unwholefome Thames Fifh, or Fifh of the Waters of Medway, or any Thames Fifh, or Fifh of the Waters of Medway, out of Seafon, or any Spawn, Fry or Brood of ThamesEifh^ or Fifh of the Waters of Medway, or Spat of Oyfters, or any kind or fort of Thames Fifh, or Fifh of the Waters of Medway, under the Dimenfion or Size the fame refpe&ively are allowed to be taken by the Orders above-mentioned, under the Penalty to forfeit and pay 10/. for every Offence.

III.	That no Fifh of any of the forts or kind Size of Fifh. herein after-mentioned, fhall be caught in the faid River of Thames or Waters of Medway, or fold, or expofed to or for Sale, if caught in £he faid River of Thames or Waters of Medway> of lefs Weight or Size than herein after is fpe-cified, that is to fay9 No Salmon of lefs Weight than fix Pounds each Fifh.

No Trout of lefs Weight than one Pound each Fifh.

I 3	No

Extracts from the Penal Laws,

No Pike or Jack under twelve Inches long from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Pearch under fix Inches long, from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Flounders under fix Inches long, from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Soles under feven Inches long, from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Plaice or Dabs under feven Inches long, from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Roach under fix Inches long, from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Dace under fix Inches long, from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Whitings under fix Inches Jong, from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Barbel under twelve Inches long.

No Chub under nine Inches each*, under Pain to forfeit and pay 40s. for every fuch Offence.

IV.	That the refpedlive Times and Seafons for Perfons going forth to fiftt, and taking Fifh in the faid River of ’Thames and Waters of Medway, fhali, from Time to Time, be ob-ferved by them, and be as follows, that is to fay.

Flounders fhali be taken all the Year.

Smelts fnail be only taken from the 25th Day of January to the iff Day of Jun? in every Year.

Shads fhali be only taken from the 10th Day of May to the 30th of June in every Year.

Salmon fhali be only taken from the nth Day of November to the 24th of Augujl yearly.

Tracts

Extracts from the Penal Laws,	119

‘fronts fhall only be taken from the nth pay of November to the 24th Day of Augufi yearly.

Pike, Jack) Pearch, Poachy Pace, Chuh and Barbel, fhall be only taken between the 24th pay of Augufi and the 21 ft Day of March in every Year.

Gudgeons fhall be only taken from the 24th Day of Auguft to the 21ft Day of March in every Year.

Leaps and Rods for Eels fhall be laid only from the 21ft Day of April to the 30th Day of October yearly.

Lamperns fhall be only taken from the 24th Day of Augufi fa the 30th Day of March yearly.

Whitings fhall be only taken Isom Michaelmas Bay yearly till Ember Week.

Whitebait fhall be only taken from the ift Day of Augufi to the ift Day of October yearly.

White Shrimps fhall be only taken from Bar-tholomew Bay to Good Friday yearly.

Red Shrimps fhall be taken in the River Medway, from the 25th Day of April to the ift Day of July in every Year.

Buntings fhall be only taken from the ift Pay of September to the ift Day of April yearly.

Hookermen may hook for Eels all the Year.

Stow-Boats, Lrawlermen, Lrinkermen, Fleb-bermen, Br agger men, and Bandingmen, may lay Leaps for Eels and Smelts, during the Time and in the Seafons hereby allowed for taking fuch Fifh refpeftively.

I 4

And

Extracts from the Penal Paws.

And any Perfon who fhall catch apy Fifti within the Jurifdidion aforefaid, in any other planner, or in any other Seafon of the Year, than is hereby allowed of, (half forfeit and pay for every fgch Offence, the Sgm of 5/.

For the reft, fee the Rules.

Obs. Among the many great Advantages art-Jing to this Metropolis from the River Thames, that of its Fijh is a very confiderable one, and would he more ejfentially felt as fitch, were the Rules for the Prefervation of the Spawn and Fry of Fifh, and the Regulation of Fijhermen, put duly in Execution. Indeed, an Attention to the above Rules only, as it would prevent the bringing of unfeafonable and unfzeable Fifh to Market, would be of fmgidar Ufe to the Fifhery, as it %yould take away the Motive of catching fuck•

XXXII. Extracts from 11 Geo. 2. c. 19.

for the more effeSlual fecuring the Pay-yi7ient of Rents} and preventing Frauds by Tfenants.

Landlords I.'T'HIS Statute ena&s, That if any Tenant ^nay diiirain JL or Leffee fhall convey away any Goods and fell Goodsor Chattels, in Order to defraud the Landlord

carried^thp	or Arrears, that (hall be referved.

Piemifles 4ue or mac^e payable, it fhall be lawful for the within thirty Landlord to purfue and feize the faid Goods Days,	and Chattels wherever the fame fhall be found

within thirty E)ays after the Removal thereof and to fell or otherwife difpofe of fpch Goods and Chattels in the fame Manner as if the fame

had

JLxtraSts from the Fend Laws,	121

had been diftrained by fuch Landlord in and unfefs fold to upon fuch Premiffes, unlefs fold bona fide, and an7 Per fan for a yaluable Confideration tp fome Perfon "C* Pnv^tp

‘	•	'•	j	Fraud,

not privy to the rraud.

II.	That if any fuch Tenant or Leffee fhall Penalty on fraudulently^ remove and convey away his orthe raid Fraud, her Goods as aforefaid; or if any Perfon (hall °.[ affift,n£ wilfully and knowingly aid or aflift any fuch1 ere(°’ Tenant or Leffee in fuch fraudulent conveying

away or carrying off of any Part of his or her Goods or Chattels, or in concealing the fame, fuch Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and pay to the Landlord or Leffor from whofe Eftate fuch Goods and Chattels were fraudulently carried off as aforefaid, double the Value of the Goods by him or them refpe&ively carried off or concealed as aforefaid,

III.	That where the Value of the Goods fo If the Good? carried off or concealed, fhall not exceed the exceed not Value of 50/. it fhall and may be lawful for 5o l La"d’ the Landlord, his Bailiff, Servant or Agent, Recoupto? to exhibit a Complaint in Writing againft fuch two Juitices. Offender or Offenders before two Juftices, who

may fummon the Parties, and determine in a fummary Way, whether fuch Perfon or Per-fons be guilty of the Offence with which he, fhe or they are charged, and upon Proof thereof fhall adjudge the Offender or Offenders to pay double the Value of the faid Goods or Chattels to fuch Landlord, to be levied by Warrant of Diftrefs; and if no Diftrefs can be found, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Houfe of Correction to hard Labour for fhe Space of fix Months, unlefs the Money (hall be fooner fatisfied.

122

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

landlords IV. That where any Goods or Chattels frau-may break dulently or clandeftinely conveyed or carried °P*n	away by any Tenant or Leffee, his or her

fraudulently SServant, Agent or other Perfon aiding or affected there- Ming therein, (hall be put, placed or kept in in,	any Houfe, Barn, Stable, Outhobfe, Yard,

Clofe or Place locked up, faftened or other-wife fecured, fo as to prevent fuch Goods or Chattels from being taken and feized as a Di-ftrefs for Arrears of Rent, it lhall and may be lawful for the Landlord or Leffor, his Steward, Bailiff, Receiver or other Perfon im~ powered to take and feize as a Diftrefs for Rent, fuch Goods and Chattels (firft calling to his Afiiftance the Conftable, Headborough, Borfholder or other Peace Officer of the Hundred, Borough, Parifb, Diftritft or Place, where the fame fliall be fufpedled to be concealed, who arfe hereby required to aid and affift therein; and in cafe of a Dwelling-houfe, Oath being alfo firft made before fome Juftice of the Peace, of a reafonable Ground to fufpeft that fuch Goods or Chattels are therein) in the Day-time, to break open and enter into fuch Houfe, Barn, Stable, Out-hoiife, Yard, Clofe and Place, and to take and feize fuch Goods and Chattels for the faid Arrears of Rent, and may di- V. That any Leffor or Landlord, his ftrain Stock or Steward, Bailiff, Receiver or other Perfon,

Cattle, on_the imp0werecj by him, to take and feize as a Di-

Premifiesfor fl-refs for Arrears of Rent, any Cattle or Stock

,/irrCciro OX	r* I •	r,	•	nn	nri	i	.

Rent.	ot their relpecuve lenant or lenants, feeding

or depasturing upon any Common, Appendant or Appurtenant, or any Ways belonging to all or any Part of the Premiffes demifed or holdenj and alfo to take and feize all forts of 3	.	Corn

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	123

Corn and Grafs, Hops, Roots, Fruit, Pulfe or other Product whatfoever, which fhall be growing on any Part of the Eftates fo demifed or holden, as a Diftrefs for Arrears of Rent;

^nd the fame to cut, gather, make, cure, carry and lay up, when ripe, in the Barns or other proper Place on the Premiffes fo demifed or holden *, and in cafe there fhall be no Barn of proper Place on the Premiffes, then in any other Barn or proper Place which fuch Leffor or Landlord fhall hire or procure for that Pur-pofe, and as near as may be to the Premiffes; and in convenient Time to appraife, fell or other wife difpofe of the fame, towards Satif-faftion of the Rent and of the Charges of fuch Diftrefs, Appraifement and Sale •, and the Appraifement thereof to be taken when cut, gathered, cured and made, and not before.

VI.	That Notice of the Place, where the Tenants to Goods and Chattels fhall be lodged or depo- have Notice fited, fhall, within one Week after the fame of the place fhall be fo lodged or depofited, be given to 'vIje? fuch Leffee or Tenant, or left at the laft Place ° se * of his or her Abode.

VII.	That if any Tenant, holding any Lands, Prcvifion for Tenements or Hereditaments, at a Rack Rent, landlords or where the Rent referved fhall be full three nantTdJfen Fourths of the yearly Value of the demifed pfCmiires« " Premiffes, who fhall be in Arrear for one

Year’s Rent, fhall defert the demifed Premiffes, and leave the fame uncultivated or unoccupied, fo as no fufficient Diftrefs can be had to countervail the Arrears of Rene, two or more Juftices, (having no Intereft in the demifed Premiffes) at the Requeft of the Leffor or Landlord, or his or her Bailiff or Receiver, may

g°

124	Extrafls from the Penal Lawsf

go upon and view the fame, and to affix op caufe to be affixed on the molt notorious Part !of the Premifies, Notice in Writing, what pay (at the Diftance of fourteen Days at Jeaft) they will return to take a fecond View thereof; and if upon fuch fecond View, the Tenant or fome Perfon on hi& or her Behalf, ffiall not appear and pay the Rent in Arrear, pr there {hail not be fufficient Diftrefs upon the Premilfes; then the faid Jullices may put the Landlord or Lelfor into the Polfeffion of the faid demifed Premilfes, and the Leafe thereof to fuch Tenant, as to any Demife therein con* tained only? ffiajl from thenceforth become void.

Tenants hold- VIII. That in cafe any Tenant lhall give ing Premifies Notice of his or her Intention to quit the Pre-»hey	m^es	by Pr holden, at a Time men?

lor quitting tioned in fuch Notice, and ffiall not accord-them, to pay ingly deliver up the Polfeffion thereof at the double Rent. Time in fuch Notice contained; that then the faid Tenant, his or her Executor or Admini-ftrator, lhall from thenceforward pay to the Landlord or Lelfor, double the Rent or Sum which he of fhe fhould ptherwife have paid; which double Rent or Sum lhall continue to be paid during all the Time fuch Tenant lhall continue in Polfeffion as aforefaid.

Obs. In the feizing of Goods for Rent9 it is ufeful to requeft the Attendance of a Conftable to keep the Peace9 and neceffary to be very exact in the Inventories of Goods feized, one of which fhould be delivered to the Lenant; and in giving Warnings Notice fhould always be left inWriting. But as the Seizing of Goods is a difagreeable Circumftance9 and the getting Rid of troublefomt

Twants

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	ii§

tenants is always attended with much Difficulty, frequent Quarrels and Difputes, it is impeffible to be too careful and exaCt in enquiring into the Characters of fuch as are admitted Tenants to Houfes or Lodgings, and more particularly the latter; whofe Characters Jhould he enquired at the Place where they lajt lodged.

XXXIII. Extracts from 27 Eliz. c. 13. 8 Geo. 2. c. 16. &c. relative to the Hue and Cry, and the Notice necejfary to be given by Perfons robbed on the Highway, who intend to fue the Hundred.

I.	\ T O Perfon that fhall hereafter happen The pgTty to be robbed, fhall have or maintain robbed (ball any Adlion, or take any Benefit by virtue of £ive Notice the Statutes of 13 Edw. 1. fiat. 2. c. 1	2.	Jh?re<°^ to

and the 28 Edw. 3. c.n. or either of them, fome Town, except the fame Perfon fo robbed fhall, with &c. as much convenient Speed as may be, give Notice and Intelligence of the faid Felony or Robbery fo committed, unto fome of the Inhabitants of fome Town, Village or Hamlet near unto the Place where any fuch Robbery fhall be committed; nor fhall bring or have any Adtion upon and by virtue of any of the Statutes aforefaid, except he fhall firft, within The Party 20 Days next before fuch Adtion to be brought, robbed to be be examined upon his corporal Oath, to be examined betaken before fome one Juftice of the Peace of if^knows* the County where the Robbery was committed, the Offenders, inhibiting within the faid Hundred where the

faid

i&6

Tb give Notice to a Con liable, defer i-bing the Felon*

and publifh the Cafe in the London Gasxttew\th\n 20 Days after the Robbery,

Extracts from the Penal Laves*

faid Robbery was committed, or near unto the fame, whether he does know the Parties that committed the faid Robbefyj or any of them, And if upon fuch Examination it be cdnfeffedi that he doe£ know the Parties that committed the faid Robbery, or any of themj that then he or they fo confeffing fhall, before the faid ACtion be commenced or brought, enter into fufficient Bond by Recognizance before the faid Juftice before whom the faid Examination fhall be had, effectually to profec.ute the fame Perfon or Perfons fo known to have committed the faid Robbery, by Indictment or otherwife, according to the due Courfe of the Laws of this Realm.

II.	8 Geo* 2. c. 16. No Perfon or Petfons fhall have or maintain any ACtion againft any Hundred, or take any Benefit by virtue of the abovementioned ACt, unlefs he, fhe or they fhall, over and above the Notice by the faid Statute to be given of any Robbery, with as much convenient Speed as may be, after any Robbery on him, her or them committed, give Notice thereof to one of the Conftables of the Hundred, or to fome Conflable, Bor-fholden, Headborongh orTythingman of fome Town, Parifh, Village, Hamlet or Tything, neaY unto the Place wherein fuch Robbery fhall happen, or fhall leave Notice in Writing of fuch Robbery at the Dwelling-houfe of fuch Conftable, Borfholder, £s?r. describing in fuch Notice to be given or left as aforefaid, fo far as the Nature and Circumftances of the Cafe will admit, the Felon or Felons, and the Time and Place of the Robbery ; and alfo fhall, with* in 20 Days next after the Robbery committed,

ExfraSIs from the Penal Laws.	127

caufe public Notice to be given thereof in the London Gazette, therein likewife defcribing, fo far as_ the Nature and Circuit fiances of the Cafe will admit, the Felon or Felons, and the Time and Place of luch Robbery, together with the Goods and Efrems whereof he, (he or they were robbed; and (hail aifo, before any fuch Action be commenced, go before the chief Clerk or Secondary, or the Fibizer of the County wherein fuch Robbery fhall happen, or the Clerk of; the Pleas of that Court wherein fuch Adtion is intended to be brought, or their refpedlive Deputies, or before the Sheriff of the County wherein the Robbery fhall happen, and giveSe-and enter into a Bond to the High Conftable curity to pay of the Hundred in which fuch Robbery flaall Cioils, if caft* be committed, in the penal Sum of 100/. with two fufHcient Sureties to be appointed by fuch chief Clerk, Secondary, Filazer or Clerk of the Pleas, or. their refpedtive Deputies, or the Sheriff of the faid County, with Condition for lecuring to fuch High Conftable (who is hereby impowered and required to enter, or caufe to be entered, an Appearance, and aifo to defend fuch Adbon as herein after is mentioned) the due Payment of his or their Cofts after the fame fhall be taxed by a proper Officer in Cafe that he, fhe or they (the Plaintiff's in fuch Adtion) fhall happen to be nonfuited or difeontinue his Adtion, or in Cafe that Judgment fhall be given againft fuch Plaintiff on Demurrer, or that a Verdidt fh*li be given againft him.

III.	No Hundred or Franchife therein fhall	not

be chargeable by virtue of the above-men- cha!?;able> «

•	1	^	t	o	.-on:',	-f the he.

tioned or any other Statute, ft one or more of io.iC be ap e_

the jbended in 40

12S	Extracts	from the Penal Lawsi

Days after the- Felons, by whom fuch Robbery fhall be Gaztr///nt^e Comrn*tte<^> be apprehended within 40 Days ** next after fuch public Notice given in the London Gazette as aforefaid.

IV.	29 Cha. 2. c. 7. f. 5. If any Peffon Which fhall travel on the Lord’s Day, fhall be then! Hundreds not robbed, that no Hundred or the Inhabitants chargeable, if thereof fhall be charged with or anfwerable the Robbery fQr any Robbery fo committed; but the Perfon

on the^Lord’s robbed fhall be barred from bringing any Day,	Adion for the faid Robbery: Neverthelefs*

the Inhabitants of the Counties and Hundreds (after Notice of any fuch Robbery to fome of neverthelefs to them given, or after Hue and Cry for the fame make Hue to be brought) fhall make Or caufe frefh Suit to be made after the Offenders, with Horfe-men and Footmen, according to the Statute of the 27 Eliz. Upon Pain of forfeiting to the King as much Money as might have been recovered againft the Hundred by the Party robbed, if this Law had not been made.

No Perfon to V. By 22 Geo. 2. c. 24. No Perfon fhall rerecover more cover againft the Inhabitants of any Hundred more than 200 /. unlefs the Perfon or Perfons fo robbed fhall be together in Company, and be in Number Two at the leaft, to atteft the Truth of his or their being fo robbed.

VI.	By 8 Geo. 2. c. 16. Every Bor (holder,■ making Hue Head borough or Tythingman, to whom No-*id Cry. tice fhall be given, or at whole Dwelling-houfe Notice of any Robbery fhall be left as aforefaid, and every Conflable of the Hundred,’ and every Conftable, Borfholder, Headborough or Tythingman, of any Town, Parifb, Village, Hamlet or Ty thing, within the Hundred or the Franchifes within the Precind thereof*

wherein

and Cry.

P«nalty.

than 2001. unlefs two were prefent at the Rob* bery.

Method of

Extracts Jrom the Penal Laws.	129

wherein fuch Robbery fhall happen, as foon as the fame fhall come to his Knowledge, either by Notice from the Party robbed, or from any other Perfon to whom Notice fhall be given thereof purfuant to this or any other Statute, jfhall, with the utmoft Expedition, make and Caufe to be made, frefh Suit and Hue and Cry after the Felon by whom fuch Robbery fhall be committed; on Pain of forfeiting 5/. for every fuch Refufal or Negledt.

VII.	By 27 Eliz. c. 13. No Hue and Cry orPurfuit hereafter to be made by any County or Hundred, fhall be allowed and taken to be a lawful Hue and Cry or Purfuit, except it be done by Horfemen and Footmen.

VIII.	No Perfon can take any Benefit by The Adlon virtue of any Statute, to charge any Hundred, tobec°m-except he fhall commence his Suit or Aduion iU^ne^ar* 1" within one Year after the Robbery committed.

XXXIV". Extracts jrom 22 Geo. 2. c. 27. 12 Geo. 1. c. 34. jor preventing of Frauds and Ahufes by Per Jons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and m the Woollen y Linen, Fujlian, Cotton, Irony Leather, Furry Hemp, Flax, Mohair and Silk Manufa5luresi 6cc.

I.HpHIS Adi enadls. That if any Perfon Perfons em-

I. whatfoever, who fhall be hired or em- P'foyed ln tlie ployed to make any Felt or Hat, or to pre-pare or work up any Woollen, Linen, human, beziling Ma-^ cttons lion, Leather, Furr, Hemp, Flax, terials.

*3°

or reeling fake or Ihort Yarn.

Second Offence.

Perfons buying or receiving Material; from Workmen.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Mohair or Silk, or of any of the faid Materials mixed one with another, fhall purloin, embezil, fecrete, fell, pawn, exchange or otherwife unlawfully difpofe of any of the Materials with which he or fhe fhall be refpec-tively intrufted, whether the fame or any Fart thereof be or be not firffc wrought, made up or manufactured, or converted into merchantable Wares, or fhall reel fhort or falfe Yarn, and fhall be thereof convicted by the Oath of the Owner or any other credible Witnefs, before one Juftice of the Peace, fuch OfFender fhall be committed to hard Labour for the Space of fourteen Days, and be once publickly whipped at the Market Place, or fome ocher public Place, and for a fecond or other fubfequent Offence to be committed for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor lefs than one Month, and to be twice publickly whipped as afordaid, or oftener.

II. That if any Perfon fhall buy, receive, accept or take by way of Gift, Pawn, Pledge,

5 Sale or Exchange, or in any other manner whatfoever, of or from any Perfon or Perfons, hired or employed to make any Felt or Hat, or to prepare or Work up the Woollen, Linen, Fuflian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Mohair or Silk Manufactures, or any Manufactures made up of Wool, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Cotton, Mohair or Silk, or of any of the faid Materials mixed one with another, any Thrums or Ends of Yarn, or any other Materials of any of the above-mentioned Articles, whether the fame or any Part thereof be or be not firft wrought, made up or manufactured, knowing the Perfon of whom he, flic or they fo buy, receive, accept or take the

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	131

foid Materials, to be fo hired or employed as aforefaid, and not having firft obtained the Con Pent of the Perfon or Perfons fo hiring or employing him, her or them, who fhall offer to fell, pawn, pledge, exchange or otherwife difpofe of the Paid Materials j or fhall buy, receive, accept or take, in any manner whatfo-ever, of or from any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, any of the Paid Materials, whether the fame be or be not firft wrought, made up or manufadlured, knowing the fame to be purloined or embeziled, fuch Perfon fo offending and being thereof convicted as aforefaid, fhall, for the firft Offence forfeit the Sum of 201, and in cafe the faid Forfeiture fhall not be immediately paid, fhall be committed to hard Labour for the Space of 14. Days, unlefs the faid Forfeiture fhall be fooner paid : And if within two Days before the Expiration of^i. ience> the faid 14 Days the faid Forfeiture fhall not be on Non pay-paid, fuch Offender fhall be publickly whipped ment to be at the Market-Place, OV. once or oftener, as^°”im'tted to the Juftice who fhall commit fuch Offender<tn vv '^e fhall appear reafonable; and in cafe of a further Conviction, for or upon a fecond or anySecondOf-other fubfequent Offence of the fame kind, fence forfeits fuch Offender fhall forfeit the Sum of 40 /. 4°** &c* And in cafe the faid Forfeiture fhall not be im-

mediately paid, fhall be committed to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor lefs than one Month, unlefs the faid Forfeiture fhall be fooner paid ; and if within feven Days before the Expiration of the Time for which fuch Offender fhall be fo committed, the faid Forfeiture fhall not be paid, the Juftice fhall order fuch Qf-

K 2	fender

j^2	ExtraBs from the Eenal Laws.

fender to be publickly whipped at the Market-Place, c. twice or oftener, as to inch Juftice fhall appear reafonable.

Penalty on III. That if any Perfon intrufted with any Workmen not of the Materials herein before-mentioned, in returning the Order to prepare, work up or manufacture

the^Taterials t^ie ^ameJ fhall not ll^e ah the Materials in within 21 the preparing, working up or manufacturing the Pays. fame, and fhall neglect or delay for the Space of 21 Days after fuch Materials fhall be prepared, worked up or manufactured, to return (if required by the Owner or Owners of fuch Materials fo to do) fo much of the faid Materials as fhall not be ufed as aforefaid, to the Perfon or Perfons intrufting him, her or them therewith, fuch Neglect and Delay fhall be deemed to be an embeziling or purloining of fuch Materials; and the Perfon convicted, in manner before prefcribed, of fuch Neglect or Delay, fhall fuffer the like Punifh-ment as Perfons convicted of purloining any of the Materials herein before-mentioned, are by this Act rendered fubjedt and liable to. journeymen IV. That if any Perfon who fhall be hired, not compleac- retained or employed to prepare or work up W*	any of the Manufactures herein before-men-

°r 5 C‘ tioned for any one Mafter, fhall neglect or refufe the Performance thereof, by procuring or permitting himfelf or herfelf to be fubfe-quently retained or employed by any other Mafter or Perfon whatfoever, before he or flie fhall have completed the Work, which he or fhe was firft and originally fo hired, retained or employed to perform, and which was firft delivered to him or her; and being thereof

convidted

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.	133

convicted as aforefaid, fhall be fent to the to be com-Houfe of Correction, there to be kept to hard fitted. Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month.

V. The 12 Geo. 1. c. 34. enadts, That all Con- All Combina-tra&s, Covenants or Agreements, and all By- tionsof Wool-Laws, Ordinances, Rules or Orders, in unlawful ^?mbers and Clubs and Societies, by or between any Perfonsj brought up in or profeffing, uling or exercifing the Art and Myftery of a Wool-Comber or Weaver or Journeyman Wool-Comber or Journeyman Weaver, for regulating the faid Trade or Myftery, or for regulating or fettling the Prices of Goods, or for advancing their Wages or for leftening their ufual Hours of Work, fhall be and are hereby declared to be illegal, null and void, to all Intents and Purpofes : And further.

That if any Wool-Comber or Weaver, or and if con-journeyman Wool-Comber or Weaver, or yifted°fkeep-other Perfon concerned in any of the Woollen UP fuch Manufactures of this Kingdom, fhall keep up, berom-* continue, act in, make, enter into, fign, feal, mitted for 3 or be knowingly concerned in any Contract, Months. Covenant, Agreement, By-Law, Ordinance, See Art-IO-Rule or Order, of any Club, Society or Combination by this Aft declared to be illegal, null and void, or fhall prefume or attempt to put any fuch illegal Agreement, By-Law,

Ordinance, Rule or Order, in Execution ; every Perfon fo offending, and being thereof convited on the Oath of one Witnefs before two Juftices, upon any Information exhibited or Profecution within three Calendar Months alter the Offence committed, fhall be committed to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months,

K

VI

Time for which hired.

Spoiling the Work,

134	Extracts	from the Penal Laws.

Quitting Ser- VI. That if any Perfon atffually retained or ^;l.bwethe employed as a Wool-Comber or Weaver, or Servant, in the Art or Myftery of a Wool-Comber or Weaver, fhall depart from his Service before the End of the Time or Term for which he is or fhali be hired or retained, or fhall quit or return his Work before the fame fhall be finifhed according to Agreement, un-lefs it be for fume reafonable or fufficient Caufe to be allowed by two or more Juftices, and being thereof convidted as aforefaid, (hall be committed to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months; and if any fuch Perfon, fo retained or employed as aforefaid, fhall wilfully damnify, fpoil or dedroy (without the Confent of the Owner) any of the Goods, Wares or Work committed to his Care or Charge, or wherewith he fhall be intruded and being thereof convicted as aforefaid, fhall forfeit and pay to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods or Wares fo damnified, fpoiled or to pry double dedroyed, double the Value thereof, to be le-the Value. vied by Diftrefs and Sale; and for Want of fufficient Diftrefs to be committed to theHoufe of Correction to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, or until Satisfaction be made to the Party aggrieved for the fame.

Clothier?, &c. VII. That every Clothier, Serge-Maker, to pay Wages or Woollen or Worded Stuff-Maker, or Perfon in Money. concerned in making any Woollen Cloths, Serges or Stuffs, in any wife concerned in employing Wool-Combers, Weavers or other Labourers, in the Woollen Manufacture, fhall, and they are hereby obliged and required to pay unto all Perfons by them employed in the

Woollen

Lxtradis from the "Penal Laws.	135

Woollen Manufacture, the full Wages or other

Price agreed on in good and lawful Money of

this Kingdom, and fhall not pay the faid Wages

or other Prices agreed on, or any Part thereof

in Goods, or by way of Truck, or in any

other manner than in Money as aforefaid, or

make any Deduction from fuch Wages or

Price, for, or on Account of any Goods fold

or delivered previous to fuch Agreement, by

any Perfon whatfoeverj and any two or more

Juftices, on Complaint made to them for that Jufticeson

Purpofe, are required to fummon the Party	i0

offending before them, and for Non-payment

of fuch Wages or Price agreed on in Money vying Wages,

as aforefaid, or fufficient Satisfaction given for &c.

the fame, to the good Liking of the Party

aggrieved, to levy the fame by Diftrefs and

Sale ; and for Want of fufficient Diftrefs to

commit the Offender to the common Gaol for

fix Months, or until fuch Wages or Price agreed

on fhall be paid in Money, or full Satisfaction

be given for the fame, to the good Liking of

the Party grieved.

VIII. That if any Clothier, Serge-Maker, Clothiers pay-Woollen or Worfted Stuff-Maker, or Perfon	in

concerned in making any Woollen Cloths,

Serges or Stuffs, or any ways concerned in employing Wool-Combers, Weavers or other Labourers in the Woollen Manufactory as aforefaid, fhall pay any Perfon or Perfons employed by them, their Wages or other Price agreed on, or any Part thereof, either in Goods or by way of Truck, or in any other manner than in Money as aforefaid, every Perfon fo offending fhall alfo forfeit and pay the Sumfor^tI0^

K 4	of

136

Aflaulting or threatning Matters, &c. felony.

Prov’ifions in the foregoing

o o

A£t to extend to Perfons employed in the Manufactures enumerated.

Extracts from the Penal Laws,

of 10/. to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale as aforefaid.

IX.	That if any Perfon or Perfons fball aflault or abufe any Mafter Wool-Comber or Mafter-Weaver, or other Perfon concerned in any of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, whereby any fuch Mafter or other Perfon fhall receive any bodily Hurt, for not complying with, or not conforming, or not fubmitting to any fuch illegal By-Laws, Ordinances, Rules or Orders aforefaid ; or if any Perfon fhall write, or caufe to be written, or fend or caufe to be fent, any Letter or other "Writing or Meftage, threatning any Hurt or Harm to any fuch Mafter, threatening to burn, pull down or deftroy any of their Houfes or Outhoufes, or to cut down or deftroy any of their Trees, or to maim or kill any of their Cattle, for not complying with any Demands, Claims or Pretences, of any of his or their Workmen, or others employed by them in the Lid Manufacture, or for not conforming or noc fubmitting to any fuch illegal By-Laws, Ordinance s, L?r. as aforefaid ; every Perfon wilfully or knowingly offending in the Premif-fes, (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fhall be tranfported for feven Years.

X.	The 22 Geo. 2. c. 27. enadls. That all the Provifions, Regulations, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the above Claufes from 12 Geo. 1. c. 34. fhall extend to Journeymen Dyers, Journeymen Hat-Preffers, and all other Perfons whatfoever employed in or about any of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, and alfo to Journeymen, Servants,

Workmen

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	137

Workmen and Labourers, £s?f. employed in the making of Felts or Hats, or in, or about any of the Manufactures of Silk, Mohair,

Furr, Hemp, Flax, Linen, Cotton, Fuftian,

Iron or Leather, or in or about any Manufactures made up of Wool, Furr, Hemp, Flax,

Cotton, Mohair or Silk, or of any of the faid Materials mixed one with another.

XI.	The 12 Geo. 1. c.-34. further enaCts, Breaking into That if any Perfon (hall by Day, or by Night, a S{l0P £° cut break into any Houle or Shop, or enter by pejges’ &c* Force into any Houfe or Shop, with Intent to cut or deftroy any Serge or other Woollen Goods in the Loom, or any Tools employed in the making thereof, or fhall wilfully and malicioufly cut or deftroy any fuch Serges or Woollen Goods in the Loom or on the Rack, or fhall burn, cut or deftroy any Rack on which any fuch Serges or other Woollen Goods are hanged in Order to dry, or fhall wilfully and malicioufly break or deftroy any Tools ufed in the making any fuch Serges or other Woollen Goods, not having the Confent of the Owner fo to do, fuch Offender, being thereof convicted, fhall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fhall fuft’er Death as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXXV.

138

Extracts frc??i the Penal Laws.

XXXV. ExtraBs from 25 Geo. 2. c. 36.

jor regulating Places of public Enter-tainment within twenty Miles of London; and for punijhing Perfo?is keeping difor-derly Houfes.

•EI3U0 remarftaMe are tlje EHoof tfie preamble to tlji'0 Statute,

Uni ken fed Places of pub hr. Kn re rutin ir- in, deemed diio;derly Houfes.

Perfons keeping the fame, forreit tool.

Conftables may ieke Perfons found therein.

I.	TT7 HE RE AS the Multitude of Places

VV of Entertainment for the lower fort of People, is a great Caufe of Thefts and Robberies, as they are thereby tempted to fpend their fmall Subftance in riotous Pieafures, and in Confequence are put on unlawful Methods of fupplying their Wants and renewing their Pieafures : Be it enadted, That any Houfe, Room, Garden or other Place, kept for public Dancing, Mufick or other public Entertainment of the like kind, in the Cities of London and IVeJiminfier, or within 20 Miles thereof, without a Licence had for that Purpofe, from the Michaelmas Quarter-Sefhons, under the Hands and Seals of four or more of the Ju-ftices there affembled, fhall be deemed a dif-orderly Houfe or Place ; and the Perfon or Perfons keeping the fame, fhall forfeit 100/. and be otherwife punifhable as the Law diredls, in Cafes of difordcrJy Houfes.

II.	And it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Conftable, or other Perfon being thereunto authorized by Warrant under the Hand and Seai of one or more Juflices of the Peace,

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	139

to enter fuch Houfe or Place, and to feize every Perfon who fhall be found therein, in Order that they may be dealt with according to Law.

III.	That in Order to give public Notice Licenfed

what Places are licenfed purfuant to this A£t, Places to have there fhall be affixed and kept up in fome notorious Place over the Door or Entrance of	*

every fuch Houfe, Room, Garden or other and not to be Place, kept for any of the faid Purpofes, and opened before fo licenfed as aforefaid, an Infcription in large 5 intiie Even-Capital Letters in the Words following, viz.inS' LICENSED PURSUANT TO ACT OF PARLIAMENT OF THE TWENTY

FIFTH OF KING GEORGE THE SECOND; and that no fuch Place fhall be On Breach of opened before Five o’clock in the Afternoon; either o< thefe on Breach of either of the above Conditions, ^ondi,ions, the Licence fhall be forfeited, and fhall not be ^oked'0 & renewed.

IV.	No Adlion fhall be brought by virtue Profecation of this A6t, unlefs the fame fhall be commen- to be within ced within fix Months after the Offence com- ^ Months, mitted.

Obs. Lhe very fevere Penalty of this Law JJjould make Perfons cautious how they fuffer Weekly Hops and Mujick Meetings in their Hcufes, as it is not only productive of great MiJchief to Society, but tmtft ruin the Keeper of fuch Houfe, whofe Gain on thefe Occafions is but trifling, and the Hazard great.

XXXVI.

140	Extraffs	from the Penal Laws.

XXXVI. Extracts from 10 Geo. 2. c. 28, relative to the acli?ig Plays, &c. without Authority.

Perfons ading E HIS Adi enadls, That every Perfon P]ays, &c in i who fliall for Hire, Gain or Reward, i iaccs u here z<Et, reprefent or perform, or caufe ro be adled,

S^tuementn°r rePrelente^ or performed, any Interlude, Tra-wkhouc Au gedy, Comedy, Opera, Play, Farce or other thority, &c. Entertainment of the Stage, or any Part or Parts therein, in cafe fuch Perfon fhall not have any legal Settlement in the Place where the to be deemed fame fhall be adled, reprefented or performed, VagaDonds, without Authority by virtue of Letters Patent, or Licence from Lord Chamberlain, fhall be deemed to be a Rogue and Vagabond.

II.	That if any Perfon, having or not having a legal Settlement as aforefaid, fliall, without fuch Authority or Licence as aforefaid, act, reprefent or perform, or caufe to be adled, reprefented or performed, for flire. Gain or Reward, any Interlude, Tragedy, Comedy, and forfeit Opera, Play, Farce or other Entertainment of 501.	the Stage, or any Part or Parts therein, every

fuch Perfon fliall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit 50 I.

Perfons afting HE That if any Interlude, Tragedy, Coin public medy. Opera, Play, Farce or other Enter* Holies, m ^ tainment of the Stage, or any Adi, Scene or t'in this part thereog f]la]i ge acted, reprefented or performed, in any Ploufe or Place where Wine, Ale, Beer or other Liquors, fliall be fold or retailed, the fame fliall be deemed to be adled,

reprefented

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	141

reprefented and performed, for Gain, Hire and Reward.

IV.	The Profecution to commence within Prorecution to fix Months after the Offence committed.	be within 6

Obs. Spouting Clubs, fo frequent in this Lown^ Months* certainly come within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XXXVII. Extracts from 29 Geo. 2. for the better Regulation of the Parijh of Mary bone.

I.	'T'HIS A St enads, That the * Committee, Pofls tobe or any five of them, fhall order to be ^refted for ereded, in that Part of the Parifh where the xin^ am*,s' Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other Places, are already, or fhall hereafter be paved, Stone or Wooden Pedeftals, or Pods of eight Feet in Height, to range with the Pofts of the Streets and other Places where the Breadth of the Streets and other Places will admit of it, or elfe upon the Walls of the feveral Houfes or Buildings, at any Diftance not exceeding 50 Feet from each other; and to agree with Per- Perfons to be Tons to fix Lamps thereon, which are to be kept contraded burning from Sun-letting till Sun-rifing through- with for fur-out the Year. And if any Perfon fhall break

J	Lamps.

* A Committee of 20 fubftantia! and difereet Parifhioners is appointed on Tiuj'Jay in Eager Week annually, who, together with the Churchwardens and Overfeers for the lane being, are to fee this Aik put in Fxecution,

142

Penalty of

breaking

them.

Parifhioners to meet on 29 Sept.annually, and make a Rate for the Lamps.

Perfons putting up Lamps at their own Expence, exempted.

Penalty on neglediing to keep Lamps lighted.

Committee, upon Complaint to them made, to view the Pavements, and make Orders concerning the fame. See.

ExfraSfs from the Penal Laws.

or extinguifh any fuch Lamps, or damage the Pedeftals, Pofts or Furniture thereof, he fhall forfeit 40s. for every fuch Offence; and for Non-payment be committed for one Month, unlefs the faid Forfeiture (hall be fooner paid.

II.	The Parifhioners are to meet on the 29th of September annually, to make a Pound Rate on all Perfons inhabiting in the feveral Streets, Lanes, &c. where the faid Lamps are or fhall be erebted ; except fuch Perfons as fhall put up Lamps at their refpebtive Ploufes or Buildings at their own Expence, and caufe them to be lighted from Sun-fetting to Sun-rifing, and who fhall give Notice of fuch their Intention to the Veftry-Clerk, in Writing, to be left at his Dwelling-houfe, at lead 21 Days before the 29th of September yearly; and in cafe any Perfon, after giving fuch Notice, fhall neglebt to put up fuch Lamp, or to keep the fame lighted as aforefaid, he fhall forfeit 2 s. for each Night’s Default.

III.	The faid Committee, on Complaint to them made, that any Part of the Pavement of the faid Parifh is not kept in Repair, are to view' the Condition of fuch Pavement, and give Notice in Writing, figned by three of the faid Committee, to the Perfon who ought to repair fuch Pavement, to repair the fame in the manner in this Act directed : And in cafe fuch Perfon fhall not, within 14 Days after fuch Notice given, wrell and fufficiently repair the fame, the Committee may caufe fuch Pavement to be repaired, and the Expence {hall be defrayed by the Perfon guilty of fuch Neglect; and fuch Perfon fhall, for every fuch Neglebf,

forfeit

M3

Perfonsthrow-ing Afhes, &c. in the Streets, &c.

■ Extracts from the Penal Laws.

forfeit 2os. a Week for every Perch or Rod, till the fame be repaired.

IV.	No Perfon whatfoever fball lay or caufe to be laid, any Afhes, Dull, Dirt, or other Filth or Annoyance in any paved Street, Square,

Lane, Court, Alley, Market or open Paffage, within the faid Parilb, before his own Dwel-ling-houfe, Stable, Building or Wall, or thofe of others, but fhall keep the fame in their re-fpedtive Houles or Yards until fuch Time as the Perfons contradled with to cleanfe the Streets (which they are required to do twice a Week) do come by with their Carts ; and fnall then carry out the faid Afhes, istc. and deliver the fame to the Perfons fo contracted with, on

Pain of forfeiting for every Offence, any Sum Penalty, not exceeding ios.

V.	No Perfon fhall throw out any Dung,

Soil or Rubbifh into any Street, Square, Lane,

Court, Alley, Market or other Paifage, or fet out or lay any Coach, Cart, Dray or Waggon, Wheels, Timber or Stones, that fhall or may obftrudt the palling or repaying of any Perfon or Carriage whatfoever, and no Polls or Rails fhall be erebled, fixed or fet up, in or crofs the Footways or Streets, nor the paving of the faid Footways or Streets railed above the Paving adjoining; and the Committee, on any Complaint made to them of any fuch Nufance or Encroachment, are to view the lame, and give Notice in Writing to the Perfon fo offending, to remove fuch Nufance or Encroachment ; and if fuch Perfon fhall not within fix Days after fuch Notice given, remove the lame, the Committee may caufe the fame to be removed. and the Kxuence thereof fhall be de-

li pon Complaint of Iva-fa nee or Encroachment ia the Street?.

Committee to give Notice thereof to the Offender,

who is to remove the ianr% oi the Ex pence thereof to he lev ted on him.

and 5 s. Diem.

per

No Swine to

144	Extracts	from	the Penal Laws.

and to forfeit frayed by the Perfon guilty of fuch Negled, 5 s-	who	(hall	alfo forfeit 5 s. for every fuch Neg-

lect ; and alfo yj. for every Day during the Continuance of fuch Nufance or Encroachment.

VI.	No Perfon fhall breed, feed or keep be bred or kept any fort- or manner of Swine, within 100 Feet

min^Diftance any ^art t^ie Houfes, Yards or Backfides of theHoufes, of the Streets, Lanes, Paffages or Alleys, or fuffered where the Houfes are contiguous; nor fuffer any to go about the Streets, Lanes, Paffages or Alleys aforefaid ; upon Pain of forfeiting the fame to the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor, for the Ufe of the Poor: And any of the Churchwardens, Overfeers of the Poor, Conftables or Beadles of the faid Pariih, by Warrant from one Juftice, may fearch in the Day Time for the finding of fuch Swine, and may take and drive away the fame, and am3 Sale made i'en for the bed Price that can be had, and the 1 °* Money thereby produced, to be applied to the Ufe of the Poor.

DdhtioLis VII. If any Perfon fhall, without the Privity

comrnitted° eand Confent of the Owner, take away any Coal Duff or Afhes, not being a real or proper Agent or Servant to the Perfon contracting with the faid Committee, he fhall be committed to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month.

Penalty on VIII. If any Perfon fhall put or caff any Perions caft* jVJght Soil out of any Cart, Tub or otherwife,

about the Streets, on Pain of Forfeiture.

Search may be made for the fame.

ing Night Soil in any

in or near any of the Streets, Squares, Lanes,

of the Streets, Alleys or Ways in the faid Parifh, he fhall be &c.	committed	for	any	Time	not	exceeding	one

Month.; and any Watchman may apprehend

fuch

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	145

fuch Offender, and carry him to the Watch-houfe. And the Committee aforefaid may order 20 s. to be paid to the Perfon who fhall detect Committee any fuch Offender, on Convidtion, out of the	de

Rates for cleanfmg the Streets and repairing te<fting the the Highways.	Offender.

XXXVIII. Extra5ls from 8 Geo. 2. relating to Lincoln’s Inn Fields.

I '~T~' HIS Law enadts, That if any Perfon Penalty on f fhall in any-wife annoy the faid Fields, Per(°ns an~ Houfes, Buildings, Walls, Ground or Soil, by any Filth, Dung, Afhes or Rubbifh, the Houfes, Truftees, their Servants and Agents, or the Proprietors, Owners and Inhabitants, may apprehend and carry fuch Offenders before a Juftice of the Peace *, and every fuch Offender fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit 20s. over10 be levied and above the Expences of fuch Profecution j Oiftrefs, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale, and beanc* Offender committed till he fhall remove the faid An-to, be^™mlt'

ted till the

noyance.	Annoyance	be

removed.

II. Perfons making or continuing Encroach- £enahy on meats in or upon the faid Fields, or any Part^^.™21* thereof, forfeit 50/. over and above all Cofts, croachments* Damages, Charges and Expences happening or to be occafioned thereby, or by the removing or carrying away fuch Encroachment, to be recovered as aforefaid.

L

III-

146

Penalty on unlawful \f-femblies or Sports, riding Horfes, &c.

Pawning Goods without Authority from the Owner.

Extracts from the Penal Laws,

III.	And if any loofe, idle or diforderly Perfon or Perfons, (hall affemble or ufe any Sport, or Sports *, or if any Perfon fhall ride or air any Horfe in the faid Fields or any Part thereof, or fhall remove or caufe to be removed, break through or get over all or any Part of the Fence or Inclofure *, every fuch Offender, being convjfted as aforefaid, fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence 40 s. to be recovered as aforefaid*, and in Default of Payment to be committed to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month.

XXXIX. Extracts from 30 Geo. 2. c. 24, relating to Perfons pawning Goods without the Confent of the Owner, and for the Regulation of Pawnbrokers.

I. np FI IS Aft enafts. That if any Perfon J. fhall knowingly and defignedly pawn or exchange, or unlawfully difpofe of the Goods or Chattels of any other Perfon, not being employed or authorifed by the Owner thereof fo to do, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit 20 s. or be committed to the Houfe of Correftion to hard Labour for 14 Days, unlefs the faid Forfeiture fhall be fooner paid *, and if within three Days before the Expiration of the faid 14 Days, the faid Forfeiture fhall not have been paid, fuch Offender, on Application from the Proiecutor, fhall be publickly whipped in the Houfe of Correftion, or in fome open public Place of the City, Riding, &c. wherein the

Offence

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	147

Offence was committed ; and the faid refpec-tive Forfeitures, when recovered, fhall be applied towards making Satisfaction to the Parties injured, and defraying the Coils of the Pro-fecution.

II. That every Perfon who fhall take by Goods pawned way of Pawn, Pledge or Exchange, of or be entered from any Perfon, any Goods or Chattels of in.^B?ok»,/r

,	1 • 1 r	n 11 r i • i	With the Mo-

what kind loever, mall forthwith enter, or ney ient there_

caufe to be entered in a fair or regular Manner, on, and the

in a Bcok or Books to be kept for that Pur- Name, &c. of

pofe, a Defcription of fuch Goods and Chattels,the 0vvner*

and alfo the Sum of Money advanced or paid

thereon, with the Day of the Month and Year

on which, and the Name and Place of Abode

of the Perfon by whom fuch Goods or Chattels

were fo pawned, pledged or exchanged, and

alfo the Name and Place of Abode of the

Owner thereof, according to the Information of

the Perfon pawning or pledging, or exchanging

the fame; and fhall at the fame Time give a

Duplicate or Copy thereof to the Perfon fo

pawning, pledging or exchanging the faid

Goods or Chattels, if required ; and on Pay- Duplicate.

ment of one Half-penny for the fame, on

Goods and Chattels pawned for lefs than 2os.

and One Penny on Goods and Chattels pawned

for 20s. and not more than 5/. and 2 d. on

Goods and Chattels pawned for a larger Sum,

and no more, on Pain of forfeiting 5/.	Penalty,

Qbs. It is recommended to all Per Ions who

•/

pledge Goods of any kind to take Duplicates, as they will find many Conveniencies and Advantages from fo doing, as the remaining Part of the Alt will Jhew.

L 2	III.

14&

Where Goods pawned (hall be damaged thvo1 Neg!e£l of Pawnbroker.

Taking in Linen or Apparel imruited to other? 10 wafh or mend.

Perfons offering Good?, no: giving a good Account or themielves, may be detained and carried before a Juilice.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

III.	That if it fhall appear to any Juftice, that any Goods or Chattels fo pawned are become or have been rendered of lefs Value than the fame were at the Time of pawning or pledging thereof, by or through the Default, Negledt or wilful Mifbehaviour of the Perfon to whom the fame were fo pledged or pawned, fuch Juftice may allow or award a reafonable Satisfaction to the Owner, in Refpedt of fuch Damage.

IV.	That if any Perfon fhall knowingly buy or take in as a Pledge, any Linen or Apparel, intruded to any other Perfon to wafh, fcour, iron, mend or make up, he fhall forfeit double the Sum given for or lent on the fame; and fhall likewife be obliged to reftore the faid Goods to the Owner.

V.	That in cafe any Perfon, who fhall offer by way of Pawn, Pledge, Exchange or Sale, any Goods or Chattels, fhall not be able, or fhall refute to give a fatisfa&ory Account of him or herfelf, or of the Means by which he or flie became poiTeffed thereof; or if there fhall be any other Reafon to fufpect that fuch Goods or Chattels are flolen, or otherwife illegally or clandeftinely obtained, the Perfon to whom fuch Goods or Chattels fhall be fo offered, may feize and detain fuch Perfon and the faid Goods and Chattels, and deliver them into the Cuftody of a Conflable, in Order to their being conveyed before a Magiftrate.

Ohs. Where there is fuff dent Canfe of Sufpi cion for Pawnbrokers to fop Goods, they fjoidd always, if pofj'ide, flop the Party \ as the contrary will appear to the Difadvantage of the Pawnbroker.

VI.

.LoctraBs from the Venal Laws.	149

VI. That in cafe fuch Goods or Chattels, foPerfonsde-jfeized and detained as aforefaid, fhall afterwards ?,art^ appear to be the Property of the Pcrfon who JJdemnHied. offered the fame to be pawned, pledged, exchanged or fold •, or that fuch Perfon was authorized by the Owner thereof to pawn, pledge, exchange or fell the fame, the Perfon who fhall fo feize and detain the Party who offered fuch Goods or Chattels, fhall be indemnified for having fo done.

VII.	That if the Owner of any Goods or Juftice upon Chattels unlawfully pawned, pledged or ex- Oath of the changed, fhall make it appear to the Satisf ..Ction °w"®r co ^~ of a Juftice of the Peace, that fuch Goods or ^g^ch'ihe Chattels were unlawfully obtained or taken from fufpefted Per-him, and that there is juft Caufe to fufpedt that ion’s Houle, any Perfon hath knowingly and unlawfully taken the fame to pawn, or by way of Pledge, or m Exchange, without the Privity of, or authority from, fuch Owner, fuch Juftice may iffue his Warrant to fearch in the Day-time the Houfe,

Warehoufe or other Place of fuch fufpreted

Perfon y and if fuch fufpecced Perfon fhall re- On Refufa! of

fufe, on Requeft .made, to open the fame, and Admittance,

permit the fame to be fcarched, it fhall be wa-v

lawful for the Officer to break open fuch Houfe, 0i'en ue 00r’

Warehoufe or other Place, and to ftarch as he

fhall think fit therein, for the Goods or Chattels

fufpeCted to be there*, doing no wilful Damage

and if any Perfon fhall oppofe or hinder any perfons hin-

fuch Search, every Perfon offending in the Pre-dering Search,

miffes fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence 5/. lorfut i i-

and if fuch Forfeiture be not paid down within

24 Hours, fuch Offender fhall be committed or to be com-

fo the Houfe of Correction, there to be keptn,i!te<**

to hard Labour for

any Time not

l3

exceeding one

i	Extracts	from the Tenal La'WSi

one Month, nor lefs than five Days ; unlefs in the: mean Time fuch Forfeiture fhall be paid ; and if upon Search of the Houfe, Warehoufe Goods found or ot^er Place, any of the Goods or Chattels to be rettored. which fhall have been fo knowingly pawned, pledged or exchanged, as aforefaid, 'fhall be found, and the Property of the Owner from whom the fame fhall have been unlawfully obtained or taken, {hall be made out to the Satif-fadion of fuch Juftice, he fhall caufe the fame to be forthwith reftored to the Owner thereof. Goods pawn- VIII. That if any Goods or Chattels fhall ed for a Sum pg pawnecj or pledged for fecuring any Money lol^ma^b! ^enc c^ereon5 not exceeding in the whole the recoveruT principal Sum of 10/ and the Intereft thereof; within two and if within two Years after the pawning or Years. pledging thereof, Proof of the fame having been made by the Oath of one or more credible Witneffes, or by producing the Duplicate of the Entry direded to be given by this Ad as aforefaid, any fuch Pawner who was the real Owner of fuch Goods or Chattels at the Time of pawning or pledging thereof, his Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns, {hall tender unto the Perfon who lent on the Security of fuch Goods or Chattels, his Executors, &c. the principal Money borrowed thereon, and all Intereft due for the fame, together with fuch Charges for the Warehoufe Room of fuch Goods or Chattels, as fhall be agreed on at the Time of pawning the fame; and the Perfon who took fuch Goods or Chattels in Pawn, fhall refufe to deliver back the fame; any Juftice may order fuch Goods or Chattels to be forthwith delivered to the Pawner thereof: And if the Perfon to whom fuch Goods or Chattels were pawned, fhall

neglect

fextraSfs from the Penal Laws-.

*5*

hegledt or refufe to deliver up or make Satif-'fadtion for the fame;, fuch Juftice may commit the Offender to the Houfe of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until fuch Goods or Chattels fhall be delivered up, or Satisfaction or Compenfation made for the Value thereof.

Obs. Notwithftanding this excellent Provifion, the good Intention of the Legiftature is ft ill defeated, by the Pawnbrokers requiring Bills of Sale of their Cnftomers, and fome Times for a very fhort Time, which, as it has more the Appearance of taking the Advantage cf the Unwary than any Thing elfe, no Paivnbroker jhould, on any Account whatever, defire, induce or perfuade, any Cuftomer to give a Bill of Sale of Goods under the Value of iol. Indeed, when they lend larger Sims, a Bill of Sale may then be proper; but even then it Jhould not be made for lejs than 12 Months, unlefs the Goods are perifhable. But for fmall Sums, the Party had much better fell the Goods at firft, than pawn them, and give a Bill of Sale, as in all Probability they will then be in a better State, and fetch more.

Perhaps the Pawnbroker may fay, that thefe Bills of Sale for Goods pledged for lefs than iol. are lawful; but fure he can never fay they are equitable, or in any Refpelf agreeable to the Intention cf the Law it [elf \ and Jhould they continue this Practice, it may pofftbly beget fome new Claufe to provide again ft it.

IX.	That if the Fawn or Pledge of Goods Goods re-or Chattels fhall remain unredeemed for the mair.-'ngunre-Space of two Years, then every fuch Pawn or de^ed for Pledge fhall be forfeited ; and the Perfon to forfcfted, ^nd Id 4	whom	niay be ibid.

152

'Extracts from the Penal Laws.

whom fuch Goods or Chattels have been pawned or pledged, may fell the fame; fubjedt, neverthelefs, to account for the Overplus of the Produce of all fuch Goods or Chattels.

Entr to be X. Provided that every Perfon to whom made of Sales anY Goods or Chattels fhall have been pawned of Goods	or pledged, fhall enter in a Book, to be kept

pawned for	for that Purpofe, a true and juft Account of

waidT UP t^,e	^00£^s an<^ Chattels pawned for

2 /. or upwards, exprefiing the Day when the Money .for which, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon buying the fame ; and in cafe any fuch Goods or Effects fhall be fold for more than the principal Money, with Intereft and the Charge of Warehoufe Room due thereon at fheTime of fuch Sale, the Overplus fhall by every fuch Perfon be paid on Demand to the Perfon by or on whofe Account fuch Goods or Chattels were pawned, his or her Executors, Adminiftrators or Afligns, who may infpect the Entry of fuch Sale, on paying the Sum of i d and no more and in cafe any Perfon fhall refufe to permit fuch Infpedtion, or in cafe the Goods or Effects were fold for more than the Sum entered in any fuch Book; or if any fuch Perfon fhall not make fuch Entry, or j fhall not have, bona jide> foldthe Goods or j Chattels for the beft Price that he or fhe might have got for the fame, without his or her wilful Default*, or fhall refufe to pay fuch Overplus on Demand, every fuch Perfon fo offending final], for every fuch Offence, forfeit treble the Value of fuch Goods and Chattels to the Perfon by Whom or, on whofe Account fuch Goods and Chattels were pawned.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	153

XI. Provided always. That no Fee or Gratuity Summonfes whatfoever (hall be had, taken or received,and '^rmts for any Summons or Warrant granted by any t0 lffuJ;d Juftice of the Peace in any of the aforefaidWK °uc ee’ Cafes.

Obs. Bejides the Reftraints laid upon the Pawnbrokers by this AF, the reputable Part of them agreed for the more eafy Detection of Frauds and Felonies, to obferve feveral Rules that have been recommended to them, which the Reader may find at the End of the Extracts.

XL. Extracts from the 32 Geo. 2. relative to the Duty upon Licences to be taken out by certain Dealers in Gold and Silver Plate • and alfo a Duty upon Licences to be taken out by Pawnbrokers dealing in Gold or Silver Plate, and Refiners of Gold or Silver.

I.	npHIS Ad enads, That no Perfon dial], whatQuan-1 either publicly or privately, by himfelf city of Gold or others, trade in, vend or fell any Piece of0rSdver Plate or Goods, or any Ware in which the^d^a]1 Quantity of Gold fhall be of the Weight of i>aders in or two Ounces or upwards, or in which theQuan- Venders tity of Silver fhall be of the Weight of gothere°6 fo Ounces or upwards, unlefs he (hall have firft ^£out a Ll" paid a Duty of 5/. for a Licence, which fhall have been taken out in the Manner required by 31 Geo. 2. c. 32. viz. If fetch Licences be taken manner out in London, Weft min (ter or any other Parts of taking on:

within a Licence.

1^4	ExiraSls	from	the Penal Law's.

within the Limits or JurifdiClion of the Chief Office of Excife in London, then fuch Licences Jhall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of his Majefy s Commiffioners for the Duty of Excife for the Lime being \ and the Duty for the fame Jhall be -paid at the Chief Office of Excife in London, or at any other Place, and to fuch Perfons as the faid Commiffioners fit all appoint to deliver out fuch Licences, and to receive the faid Duty % but if fuch Licences fhall be taken out without the Limits aforefaid, then fuch Licences fall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the feveral Collectors and Supervifors of Excife within their refpeClive Collections and DiftriCts, and the Duty for the June jhall be paid at the Office of Excife next adjoining to the Place where they refpeCiively refde or inhabit, or at any other Place, and to fuch Perfons as his Majefy* s Commiffioners of Excife fhall appoint to deliver out fuch Licences and to receive the faid Duty. And Licence to be every Perfon who ffiall take out any fuch Licence, renewed year- js required to take out a frefh Licence ten Days at leaf before the Expiration of twelve Calendar Months after the taking out the firft Licences before he do prefume to trade in, vend or fell any Gold or Silver Plate, and in the fame manner to 201. Penalty renew every fuch Licence yearly. And if any for not taking Perfon fhall prefume or offer to trade in, vend out fuch Li- or fell, any fuch Piece of Plate or Goods, or

newln^he^ an^	^are aS a^ore^a^5 without firft ta-

fhnieyeady. king out a Licence for which the find Duty of 5/. fhall have been paid, and renewing the fame Licence, and making the like Payment yearly, he fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence 20/.

1L

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

II.	If any Pawnbroker fhall prefume or offer to trade in, vend or fell, any Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares in which any Gold or Silver is, or fhall be manufactured ; or if any Perfon fhall prefume or offer to ufe or pradtife the Trade or Bufinefs of a Refiner of Gold or Silver, and fuch Pawnbroker or Perfon refpedlively, fhall not have firft taken out a Licence, for which the faid Duty of 5/. fhall have been paid, or fhall not have renewed the-fame Licence, and made fuch Payment yearly as aforefaid, he fhall forfeit 20/. for every fuch Offence.

III.	Perfons in Partnerfhip, and carrying on their Trade or Bufinefs in one Houfe, Shop or Tenement only, fhall not be obliged to take out more than one Licence in any one Year for the carrying on fuch Trade or Bufinefs: And that no Licence which fhall be granted by virtue of this A6t, fhall authorize or empower any Perfon to whom the fame may be granted, and who fhall fell or vend fuch Gold or Silver Plate in any other Shop or Place, except in fuch Houfes or Places thereunto belonging, wherein they fhall inhabit and dwell at the Time of granting fuch Licence, or in Booths or Stalls at Fairs or Markets.

*55

Pawnbrokers and Refiners of Gold and Silver, to take out a Licence, and renew the fame yearly.

on Penalty of forfeiting 20 k

Perfons in Partner fhip carrying on Trade in one Houfe only, &c. not liable to take out more than one Licence.

Licence to ferve but one ShoporHoufe.

Booths and Stalls at Fairs or Markets, excepted.

j$6

Extracts from the Penal Laws;

XLI. PxtraBs from g 8c 10 W. 3. c. 28* f. 2. and 27 Geo. 2. c. 7. relating to Watchmakers and their Journeymen,

IpY the above Statute of /F". 3. it is enacted, JD That no Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, lhail export or fend, or endeavour to export or fend, out of this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon No Cafe or ’Tweed, any outward or inward Box, Cafe or Dial Plate, Dial-Plate of Gold, Silver, Brafs or other oTwatch °C Metal for Clock or Watch, without the Move-Ihall be ex-	ment in or with every fuch Box, Cafe or Dial-

ported with- Plate, made up fit for Ufe, with the Clock or out the IWove- Watchmaker’s Name engraved thereon; or nreiu,	foall	make	Ups	or caufe txt be made up, any

Clock or Watch without engraving or putting, or caufing to be engraven or put, his or her own Name and Place of Abode or Freedom, and no other Name or Place, on every Clock or Watch, he or fhe fhall fo make up, or caufe to be made up, under the Penalty of forfeiting every fuch empty Box, Cafe and Dial-Plate, Clock and Watch not made up and engraved as aforefaid •, and alfo for each Offence the Sum of 201. to be recovered by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majefty’s Courts of Record.

Oes. The manner of recovering the above Penalty will always prevent the Execution of this Law, fo necejfary to prcferve the Credit of that Trade both at Home and Abroad; but it is apprehended, if the Offence was to be heard in a fummary Way before one or more Juftices of the

Peace,

Maker’s Name and Place of A-bode or Freedom, to be engraved on Clocks and Watches.

Penalty.

157

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Peace, and the Penalty to be raifed by Warrant of Diftrefs, it would recover the Utility of the 4ft \ but the great Expences of Suits in the Courts of Juflice at prefent reduces all Penal Laws, however ufeful in themfelves, to a mere dead fetter.

II. And by the Statute of 2 7 Geo. 2. it is penalty on

enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfons what- Conviftionof

foever, who (hall be hired or employed by any Frauds com-

Perfon or Perfons praclifing the Trade or Trades j™cted by 1	'	Jrcrions cm-

of Clock-making or Watch-making, or any pIoye£j in ^

Part or Branch, or Parts or Branches, of fuch Manufacture Trade or Trades, to make, finifh, alter, repair of Clocks and or clean, any Clock or Clocks, Watch orWatche?* Watches, or any Part or Parts of a Clock or Clocks, Watch or Watches, or be intruded by any Perfon or Perfons praclifing the faid Trade or Trades, with any Gold, Silver or other Metal or Materials to be, or that fhall be, in the whole or in Part wrought, or manufactured for any Part or Parts of a Clock or Clocks, Watch or Watches, or any Diamond or other precious Stone to be, or that fhall be fee or fixed in or about any Clock or Clocks, Watch or Watches, fhall purloin, imbezil, fecrete, fell, pawn, exchange or otherwife unlawfully difpofe of, any Clock or Watch, or any Part or Parts of any Clock or Watch, or any Gold, Silver or other Metal or Material, or any Part thereof, or any Diamond or other precious Stone, with which fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be intruded by any Perfon or Perfons praclifing the faid Trad e or Trades, and fhall be thereof convicted before one Juflice, fhall, for the firfl FirftOffence. Offence, forfeit 201, or be committed to hard Labour for the Space of 14 Days, and be

publicly

J58

Subfequent

Offence.

Penalty of buying, receiving, &c. any of the Goods or Materials, knowing the fame to be purloined.

Firil Offence.

Subfequent

Offence.

Extracts from the Penal Laws,

publicly whipt if not paid within two Days of the Expiration of that Time; and for the fe-cond or other fubfequent Offence, (hall forfeit 4ol. or fhall be committed to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, and not lefs than one Month, unlefs the faid Forfeiture fhall be fooner paid, and be publicly whipt if the faid Penalty be not paid within feven Days before the Expiration of the Time for which fuch Offender fhall be fo committed.

III. And by the fame Statute it is enadted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall buy, receive, accept or take by way of Gift, Pawn, Pledge, Sale or Exchange, or in any other manner whatfoever, of or from any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, any Clock or Watch, or any Part or Parts of a Clock or Watch, or any Gold, Silver or other Metal or Material as aforefaid, whether the fame or any Part thereof be or be not wrought or manufactured, or any Diamond or other precious Stone, which fhall have been intruded with any Perfons hired or employed as aforefaid, by any Perfon or Perfons practifing the faid Trade or Trades, he, fhe or they fo buying, receiving, accepting or taking any fuch Goods, Materials or Effects, knowing the fame to be fo purloined or imbe-ziied, being thereof convidted as aforefaid, fhall, for the fir ft Offence, forfeit 20/. or be committed to hard Labour for the Space of 14 Days; unlefs the faid Forfeiture fhall be fooner paid; and if not paid within two Days of the Expiration of the faid 14 Days, fhall be publickly whipt; and for a fecond or other fubfequent Offence, fhall forfeit 40/. or be

committed

Extracts from the Penal Lam.	159

committed in like manner for a Time not exceeding three Months, and not lefs than one Month-, and if the Penalty {hall not be paid within feven Days of the Expiration of the Term, he (hall be publicldy whipt as afore-faid, twice or oftener.

Obs. If the above Claufes had extended to the <purloining, &c. and receiving, See, of Clocks and Watches intruded to Watchmakers or their Journeymen to repair, dean. See. by any Perfons whatever, it -woaid have made this Ad of more public Utility.

XLII, Extracts relati?ig to the Quartering of Soldiers, &c,

I. T T {hall and may be lawful to and for the Conflables,

1 Conftables, Tytbingmen, Head boroughs &c-to ^uartev and other Chief Officers and Magiftrates of Inn-Cities, Towns and Villages, and other Places ^ie homes,'* within England, Wales and the Town of Ber- &c. wick upon Tweed, and in their Default or Ab-fence, for any one Juftice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any fuch City, Town, Village or Place, and for no others *, and fuch Conftables and other Civil Magiftrates as aforelaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in his Majefty’s Service, in Inns, Livery Scabies, Ale-houfts, Vi&ual-ling-houfes, and the Houfes of Sellers of Wine by Retail to be drank in their own Houfes or Places thereunto belonging, and all Houfes of Perfons felling Brandy, Strorg

Waters,

i6o

Extradls from the Penal Laws.

Waters, Cyder or Metheglin, by Retail, to be But in no Di-drank in Houfes, other than and except the fliers Homes, Houfe or Houfes of any Diftillers, who keep orShopkeep- pj0 fes or pjaces 0f diftilling Brandy and

ers, ■ :n any	re	J	01

privateHoufes. Strong Waters, and the Houle or any Shopkeeper, whofe principal Dealings lhall be more in other Goods and Merchandizes, than in Brand]' and Strong Waters (fo as fuch Diftillers and Shopkeepers do not permit or fuffer Tippling in his or their Houfes) and in no other, and in no private Houfes whatfoever; nor lhall any more Billets at any Time be ordered, than there are effective Soldiers prefent to be Penalty on quartered ; and if any Conftable, Tythingman Cenil.bks, or fuch like Officer or Magiftrate as aforefaid, &c quarter^ prefume t0 quarter or billet any fuch Of-

iny boiGitrs in ^	it	/*i	•	tt/* *i

pnvateFoufes ^Cer or^°idier in any inch private Houie5 with-&c.	"out the Confent of the Owner or Occupier;

in fuch cafe, fuch Owner or Occupier lhall have his or their Remedy at Law againft fuch Magiftrate or Officer, for the Damage that fuch Penalty on Ow*er or Occupier lhall fuftain thereby ; and Officers quar- it any Military Officer lhall take upon him t« rnnraf°]£oerS^Uarter Soldiers otherwife than is limited and this Aft &c. a^owec^ by this A6t, or lhall ufe or offer any Menace or Compulfion to or upon any Mayors, Conftables or other Civil Officers before-mentioned, tending to deter and difcourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed ; fuch Military Officer lhall, for every fuch Offence (being thereof convicted before' any two or more of the next Juftices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of two credible Witneffes) be deemed and taken to be ipfo faffio calhiered, and fhali be utterly di fabled to have or hold

any

jExt raffs from the Tenal Laws.	161

any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or in his Majefty’s Service * provided the faid Convidtion be affirmed at the next Quarter-Seffions of the Peace of the faid County, and a Certificate thereof be tranfmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the fame to the next Court-Martial:

And in cafe any Perfon fhall find himfelf ag- Perfons aggrieved, in that fuch Conftable, Tythingman gneved by be-or Head borough. Chief Officer or MagiftrateIn§ <luartere^ (fuch Chief Officer or Magiffrate not being a Juftice of the Peace) has quartered or billeted juftices, andl in his Houfe a greater Number of Soldiers than be relieved, he ought to bear in Proportion, to' his Neighbours j and fhall complain thereof to one or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of the Divifion, City or Liberty, where fuch Soldiers are quartered ; or in cafe fuch Chief Officer or Magiftrate fhall be a Juftice of the Peace, then on Complaint made to two or more Juftices of the Peace of fuch Divifion, City or Liberty, fuch Juftices refpedtively fhall have, and have hereby Power to relieve fuch Perfon, by ordering fuch and fo many of the Soldiers to be removed, and quartered upon fuch other Perfon or Perfons, as they fhall fee Caufe ; and fuch other Perfon or Perfons fhall be obliged to receive fuch Soldiers accordingly.

If. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby Officers 2nd enacted. That the Officers and Soldiers fo Soldiers to pay quartered and billeted ds afore laid, fhall be pJxeh/orih,'ir

1	,	7	JrroyjijQns*

received and turnifhed with Diet and Small Beer by the Owners of the Inns, Livery Stables, Ale-houfes, Vidtualling-houfes and other Hours in which they are allowed to be quartered and billeted by this Adtj paying and al-

1VI	lowing

1&2	Extrafis from the Tend Laws,

lowing for the fame the fever a! Rates herein after-mentioned to be payable out of the Sub-fiftence Money, for Diet and Small Beer.

What rnn-	III. Provided always, That in cafe any Inn-

holders may holder or other Perfon on whom any Non-a]Jow Men	commiffion Officers or Soldiers ffiall be quar-

them^nftead tere<^ by virCue of this A6t (except on a March, pf Meat. or employed in recruiting; and likewife except the Recruits by them raifed, for the Space of feven Days at moil, for fuch Non-commiffion Officers and Soldiers who are recruiting, and Recruits by them raifed) ffiall be defirous to furniffi fuch Non-commiffion Officers or Soldiers with Candles, Vinegar and Salt, and with either Small Beer or Cyder, not exceeding five Pints for each Man per Diem, gratis, and allow to fuch Non-commiffion Officers or Soldiers the Ufe of Fire, and the necefiary Uten-fils for d re fling and eating their Meat, and ffiall give Notice of fuch his Defire to the Commanding Officer, and ffiall furniffi and allow the fame accordingly, then, and in fuch Cafe, the Non-commiffion Officers and Soldiers fo 'quartered, ffiall provide their own Victuals; and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that docs actually receive the Pay and Sub-ijHence of fuch Non-commiffion Officers and Soldiers, ffiall pay the feveral Sums herein .after-mentioned to be payable out of the Subsidence Money for Diet and Small Beer, to the Non-commiffion Officers^ and Soldiers afore-faid, and not to the Innholder or other Perfon on whom fuch Non-commiffion Officers and Soldiers are quartered ; any thing herein com uffied to the contrary nprwitbHanding,

Extracts from the Penal Laws '. ^63

IV. Provided always, and be it enabled by Penalty on the Authority aforefaid, That if any Officer Oncers ta-fhall take, or caufe to be taken, or knowingly king Money, fuller to be taken, any Money of any Perlon quartering^ for excufing the quartering of Officers or Soldiers, or any of them, in any Houfe allowed by this Aft, every fuch Officer (hall be ca-fhiered, and be incapable of ferving in any Military Employment whatfoever.

V.	And whereas great Inconveniencies have arifen, and may arife, in fuch Places where Horfe or Dragoons are or may be quartered, by the billeting of the Men and their Borfes at different Houfes, and often at great Difbmces from one another, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft; be it therefore enabled by the Authority aforefaid, That in all Dragoon?, Places where Horfe or Dragoons fhall be quar- ^ ^eir tered or billeted, in Purfuance of this A <51, for

Horfes, to be billeted in th?

the future the Men and their Horfes fhall befameHouf billeted in one and the fame Houfes (except in cafe of Neceffity) and that in no other Cafe whatfoever there be lefs than one'Man billeted where there fhall be one or two Plorfes, nor lefs than two Men where there fhall be four Horfes, and fo in Proportion for a greater . Number *, and in fuch Cafe each Man fhall be billeted as near his Horfe as poffible.

VI.	And whereas fome Doubts have arifen* Manner of whether Commanding Officers of any Regi- changing rnent, Troop or Company, may exchangeand ^ori'es* any Men or Horfes quartered in any Town or Place, with another Man or Horfe quartered in the fame Place, for the Benefit of the Service ; be it declared and enabled by the Authority aiorefaid. That fuch Exchange as aboYe-meru

M 2	ti

;l64	Extracts	from	the Penal Laws.

tioned may be made by fuch Commanding Officers lefpedtively, provided the Number of Men or Horfes do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on fuch Houfe orHoufes; and the Conflables, Tythingmen, Headbo-roughs and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of the Cities, Towns and Villages, or other Places where any Regiment, Troop or Company fhall be quartered, are hereby required to billet fuch Men and Horfes fo exchanged accordingly.

VII.	And that the Quarters both of Officers $md Soldiers in Great Britain and in Jerfey, Guernfey, Alderney and Sark, and the Iflands thereto belonging, may hereafter be duly paid and fatisfled, and his Majefly’s Duties of Ex-cife better anfwered, be it enadted by the Au-Officers to thoricy aforefaid, That from and after the faid give Notice to 24th Day of March 1759, every Officer to Innkeepers of whom it belongs to receive, or that does ac-SubMence _ dually receive, the Pay or Subfiflence Money, blands.*n 'Cir ehher for a whole Regiment or particular Troops and Companies, or otherwife, fhall immediately, upon each Receipt of every particular Sum which fhall, from Time to Time, be paid, returned or come to. his or their Hands, on Account of Pay or Subfiflence, give public Notice thereof to all Perfons keeping Inns or other Places where Officers or Soldiers are quartered by virtue of this Adi; and fhall alio appoint the faid Innkeepers and others to repair to their Quarters, at fuch Times as they fhall appoint for the Diftribution and Payment of the faid Pay or Subfiflence Money to the Officers or Soldiers, which fhall be within four Days at thf farthefl after the Re-

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

ceipt of the fame* as aforefaid ; and the faid Innkeepers and others fhall then and there acquaint fuch Officer or Offifcers with the Accounts or Debts (if any fhall be) between them and the Officers and Soldiers fo quartered in their refpe&ive Houfes; which Accounts the faid Officer or Officers are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the fame, before any Fart of the faid Fay or Subfiftence be diflributed either to the Officers or Soldiers:

Provided the faid Accounts exceed not, for a Rates of Sub-Commiffion Officer of Horfe, being under the ^5““ to Degree of a Captain, for fuch Officer’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, 2 s. nor for one foTsold'ierg0* Commiffion Officer of Dragoons, being under Quarters, the Degree of a Captain, for fuch Officer’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem 1 s. nor for one Commiffion Officer of Foot, under the Degree of a Captain, for fuch Officer’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, is. and it fuch Officer fhall have a Horfe or Horfes, for each Horfe or Horfes, for their Hay and Straw, per Diem,

6d. nor for one Light Horfeman’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, 6 d. and Hay and Straw for his Horfe, per Diem, 6 d. nor for one Dragoon’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, 6 d* and Hay and Straw for his Horfe, per Diem,

6d. nor for one Foot Soldier’s Diet and Small

Beer, per Diem, 4 <5?. And if any Officer or Penalty on Of-

Officers, as aforefaid, fhall not give Notice, ficers not pay-

as aforefaid, and fhall not immediately, upon 1jJf0^briftenC9

producing fuch Account ftated, fatisfy, con- onwy‘

tent and pay the fame; upon Complaint and

Oath made thereof, by any two Witneffes, at

the next Quarter-Seffions for the County or

City where fuch Quarters were (which Oath

M 2	the

$

Extracts from the Eenal Laws]

the Judices of the Peace at fuch Seffions are hereby authorized and required to adminider) the Paymader or Paymaders of his Majefty’s Guards and Garrifons, and Marines, are hereby required and authorized (upon Certificate of the faid Judices before whom fuch Oath was made, of the Sum due upon fuch Accounts, and the Perfons to whom the fame is owing) to pay and fatisfy the faid Sums out of the Arrears due to the faid Officer or Officers, upon Penalty that fuch Paymader or Pay-rmders final] forfeit their refpeftive Place or Places of Paymader or Paymaders, and be difcharged from holding the fame for the future : And in cafe there ffiall be no Arrears due to the faid Officer or Officers, then the faid Paymader or Paymaders are hereby authorized and required to deducd the Sums he or they (hall pay, purfuant to the Certificate of the faid Judices, out of the next Pay or Subsidence Money of the Regiment to which fuch Officer or Officers finall belong; and fuch Officer or Officers finall, for every fuch Offence, or for neglecting to give Notice of the Receipt of fuch Pay or Subfidence Money as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipfo faffo cafhiered. And where it ffiall happen that the Subfidence Money due to any Officer or Soldier ffiall, by Occafion of any Accident, not ‘be paid to fuch Officer or Soldier, or fuch Officer or Soldier ffiall negledt to pay the fame, ib that Quarters cannot be or are not paid, as this Act directs ; and where any Horfe, Pool* or Dragoons, ffiall be upon their March, lo that no Subfidence can then be remitted to them, to make Payment as this

Aft

o

Ext raffs from the Penal Laws,

Ad directs, or they (hall negled to pay the fame; in every fuch Cafe it is hereby further enaded, That every fuch Officer ffiail, before on Non-pay. his or their Departure out of his or their Quar- ment of Quarters, where fuch Regiment, Troop or Com- ters> pany, (hall remain for any Time whatfoever,cer *° makie make up the Accounts, as this Ad: direds,^ CC0U1US* with every Perfon with whom fuch Regiment,

Troop or Company fhall have quartered, and fign a Certificate thereof, and give the /aid Certificate, fo by him figned, to the Party to whom fuch Money is due, with the Name of fuch Regiment, Troop or Company, to which he or they fhall belong *, to the End the Paid Certificate may be forthwith tranfmitted to the Paymafter of his Majefty’s Guards and Garri-fons, or to the Paymafter of the Marines, who are hereby required immediately to make Payment thereof to the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Money fhall be due, to the End the fame may be applied to fuch Regiment, Troop or Company refpedively $ under Pain as is before in this Ad directed for Non-payment of

Quarters.

VIII. And be it further enaded, That no No ASuftcr in Commiffary fhall mufter any Regiment, Troop Weftmir.rter,^ or Company, within the City of kPaflrrhnfter and Borough of Southwark, and Liberties there-cwo cr of, but in the Prefence of two or more Ju-juaicea. ftices of the Peace, not being Officers or the Army, under the before-mentioned Penalty 5 unlefs fuch Judices, upon 48 Hours Notice given to fix of his Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, rending within the City and Liberties aforefaid rdpedively, fhall negled to attend fuch Mufter; and in cafe of fuch Negled*

M 4	'fuch

l68	Extraffs from the Penal Laws,

fuch Commiflfary may proceed to mufter fuch Regiment, Troop orCQmpany : Provided that Oath be made before any of his Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, within 48 Hours after fuch Mufter taken, that fuch Notice was given to fix Juftices of the Peace, as aforefaid : Which Juftices fo attending are hereby impowered to fign the faid Mufter-Rolls, and to take Cognizance of fuch Mufter, and to examine the Truth thereof, before they fign the fame. Conftables, IX. And be it further enabled and declared, &c. may billet by the Authority aforefaid. That it fhall and Soldiers in may be lawful to and for the Pligh Conftables, &cel min er’ Petty Conftables, Headboroughs and Tything-men, within the faid City and Liberties of Wejlminfter and Places adjacent, when thereunto lawfully required, to billet and quarter the Officers and Soldiers of his Majefty’s faid Regiments of Foot-Guards, in fuch Houfes only as by this Adt are limited, in and about the faid City and Liberties of JVe/lminJler and Places adjacent (except the City of London) PettyConfla- during the Continuance of this Adi:	And

bles, &c. to wben any Order fhall iffue for the quartering or quarter Sol- billeting any Officers or Soldiers within the faid refpeftive Di-City and Liberties of IVeftminJter and Places vifions. adjacent, the High Conftable fhall deliver out Precepts to the feveral Petty Conftables, Plead-boroughs or Tythingmen of each Parifh, Ward, Hamlet and Diftribl, within their re-fpedtive Divifions, to billet and quarter fuch Officers and Soldiers of his Majefty’s Regiments of Foot-Guards on fuch Houfes only as by this Adi is limited within his refpedlive Parifh, Hamlet or Diftridl; and fuch Petty Conftables, PIcadboronghs and Tythingmen, fhall, in Pur-

fuance

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	169

fuance thereof, billet and quarter every fuch Officer and Soldier in fuch. Houfes fo fubjebted thereto by this A6t, equally and proportionably, according to the Number of fuch Officers ^nd Soldiers fo to be billeted and quartered, and of the Houfes fo fubjebled to receive them; and fuch Officers and Soldiers of the Foot Guards, lhall be quartered within the faid City and Liberties of TVeftminfter, and the Places adjacent, in the fame Manner, and under the fame Regulations, as in other Parts of England, in all Cafes for which particular Provifion is not made by this A<5t

X.	And for the better preventing Abufes in billeting and quartering fuch Officers and Soldiers in the faid City and Liberties of fVeftmin-. jler, and Parts adjacent, be it enabled by the Authority aforelaid, That the Petty Conftables, Conftables, Headboroughs and Tythingmen of their re- &c. to deliver fpebtive Pariffies, Wards, Hamlets and Diftribls Lll*s at QPr" within the fame, (hall, at every General Quarter- o^^of Sfn^ Seffions of the Peace, to be holden for the faid habitant?, and City and Liberties of Weftminjler and parts ad- Soldiers quar-jacent, make and deliver to the Juitices, then tered ln theif in open Seffions affembled, upon Oath (which Oath they the faid Juftices are hereby authorized and required to adminifter) true Lifts figned by them refpebtivcly of all fuch Houfes, together with the Number of all fuch Perfons relpeblively inhabiting the fame, within his or their Pariffi, Ward, Hamlet or Diftribt refpec-tively, as are fubjebl and liable by this A<5t to receive fuch Officers and Soldiers, together with the Number of all fuch Officers and Soldiers as are quartered and billeted in each Houfc refpebtively ; and fuch Lifts lhall remain to beinfpc&cd

with vyiffi°ut Fee*

*7°

Extracts from the Penal Laivsl

with the Clerk of the Peace of the faid City and Liberties of IVefiminfter, to the Intent that all and every Perfon and Perfons fhall and may be at Li* Copies of fuch berty to infpedl the fame without Fee or Reward 5 Lifts to be and fuch Clerk fhall forthwith, from Time to wrote by the Time, make and deliver to every or any Per-pe^sheet^ con- f°n or Perfons who fhall require the fame, true raining 150 Copies of all and every or any fuch Lifts, Wores. upon being paid 2 d. a Sheet for each and every fuch Copies fo taken, each Sheet to be com-* Penalty on puted at, and contain 150 Words; and if De-Defauit. fault or Neglect fhall be made by any Petty Conftable, Headborough or Tythingman of any fuch Parifh, Ward, Hamlet or Diftridft, in the delivering fuch Lift to the Juftices at their Penalty on gi- Quarter-Seftions, as aforefaid ; or if he or they ving defee-	fhall fo deliver or caufe to be delivered in, any

five Lais.	fa{fe or defe^ive Lift, not including and fpe-

cifying therein all and every fuch Houfe and Houfes fo liable by this Adt to receive fuch Officers and Soldiers, or the Names of all fuch Officers and Soldiers as are quartered and billeted in each Houfe refpedtively; fuch Petty Conftable, Headborough and Tythingman, or any of them fo offending therein, fhall, for each fuch Offence, forfeit each the Sum of 5/, to the Ufe of the Poor of fuch refpe&ive Pa-How to be le- nflies. Wards, Hamlets and Diftritfts ; to be vied.	levied	by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s

Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of one or more of his Majefty’s Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the faid City of Wefi-rnnfier, or for the County of Midd'efex^ (which Warrant or Warrants the faid Juftice or Juftices is and are hejeby impewered and required to

make

Extraffs from the Venal Laws.	17X

make and iffue) and for Want of fufficientDi-ftrefs to be found for that Purpofe, the faid Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby impowered and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands and Seals, to commit the Perfon or Perfons fo offending to the common Gaol of the faid City of Weftminfter or County of Middlefex, there to remain for any Time to be limited by fuch Juftice or Juftices, not exceeding three Months, nor lefs than one Month, without Bail or Mainprize.

XL Provided always. That if any Perfon penalty on fhall harbour, conceal or aflift any Deferter Perfons con-from his Majefty’s Service, knowing him to cealing Be-be fuch ; the Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit, j^ne/3* or. for every fuch Offence, the Sum of 5/. or if Anns^loatL, any Perfon fhall knowingly detain, buy or &c, exchange, or otherwife receive, any Arms,

Cloaths, Caps or other Furniture, belonging to the King, from any Soldier or Deferter, or any other' Perfon, upon any Account or Pretence whatfoever, or caufe the Colour of fuch Cloaths to be changed ; the Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of 5/. and upon Conviction by the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, before any of his Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, the faid refpedlive Penalties of 5 /. and 5 /. fhall be levied by Warrant under the Hands of the laid Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, one Moiety of the faid firft-men-tioned Penalty of 5/. to be paid to the Informer, by whole Means fuch Delerter fhall be apprehended ; and one Moiety of toe fold laft-mentioned Penalty of 5/. to be paid to the

Extracts frojn the Penal Lalys.

Informer •, and the Refidue of the faid refpeo* tive Penalties to be paid to the Officer to whom any fuch Deferter or Soldier did belong: And in cafe any fuch Offender, who ffiall be convicted, as aforefaid, of harbouring or affifling any fuch Deferter or Deferters •, or having knowingly received any Arms, Cloaths, Caps or other Furniture, belonging to the King; or having caufed the Colour of fuch Cloaths to be changed contrary to the Intent of this Ad* ffiall not have fufficient Goods and Chattels,

- whereon Diftrefs may be made, to the Value of the Penalties recovered againft him for fuch Offence, or fliall not pay fuch Penalties within four Days after fuch Conviction *, then, and in fuch Cafe, fuch Juftice of the Peace ffiall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, either commit fuch Offender to the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize for the Space of three Months, or caufe fuch Offender to be publickly whipt, at the Difcretion of fuch Juftice.

Penalty onOf- XII. Provided always, That no Commif-fcer breaking fion Officer ffiall break open any Houfe to open Houfe fgarch for Deferters, without Warrant from a vmhout War- jufj-jce Gf peace; and that every Commif-

fion Officer, who ffiall, without Warrant from one or more of his Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace (which faid.Warrants the faid Juftice or Juftices are hereby impowered to grant) forcibly enter into, or break open the Dwelling' houle or Out-houfes of any Perfon whatfoever, under Pretence of fearching for Deferters, ffiall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum of 20/.

XIII.



Extra5fs from the Penal Laws.	*7$

XIII.	And be it further enafted, by the Au- Penalty on ta-thority aforefaid, That if any High Conftable, kin§ MoncT Conftable, Beadle, or other Officer or Perfon pe^u^0a|^/ whatfoever, who, by Virtue or Colour of this quartering. Aft, fhall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billeting any Officers or Soldiers, fhall negleft or refufe, for the Space of two Hours, to quarter or billet fuch Officers or Soldiers, when thereunto required, in fuch manner as is by this Aft direfted, provided fufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of fuch Troops; or fhall receive, demand, contract or agree for any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Reward whatfoever, for or on Account of excufing, or in Order to excufe any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, from quartering or receiving into his, her or their Houfe or Houfes, any fuch Officer or Soldier; or in cafe any or Victuallers Victualler or any other Perfon liable by this refilling to Aft to have any Officer or Soldier billeted or £luaner quartered on him or her, fhall refufe to receive Q or viftual any fuch Officer or Soldier fo quartered or billeted upon him or her as aforefaid ; or fhall refufe to furnifh or allow, according to the Directions of this Aft, the feveral Things herein before refpeftively direfted to be fur-nifhed or allowed to Non-com million Officers and Soldiers fo quartered or billeted on him or her as aforefaid, or fhall negleft or refufe to furnifh good and fufficient Hay and Straw for each Horfe fo quartered or billeted on him or her as aforefaid, at the Rate herein before-mentioned, and lhall be thereof convifted before any one or more Juftice or Juftices of the Pc-re of the County, City or Liberty, v.: ..i,i v-i fuch Offence fhall be committed, eid r l

174	Exfraffs from the Eenal Laws]

own Confeflion, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs orWitnefles (whichOath thp faid Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby impowered to adminifter) every fuch High Conftable, Con-liable. Beadle or other Officer or Perfon fo offending, fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of 5/. or any Sum of Money not exceeding 5/. nor lefs than 4os. (as the faid Juftice or Juftices, before whom the Matter fhall be heard, fhall in his or their Difcretion think fit) to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods of the jPerfon offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of fuch Juftice or Juftices, before whom fuch Offender fhall be convidled, or of one or more of them, to be diredled to any other Conftable within the County, City or Liberty, or to any of the Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh where the Offender fhall dwell; the faid Sum of 5/. or the faid Sum not exceeding 5 /. nor lefs than aos. when levied, to be paid to the Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh wherein the Offence fhall be committed, or to l’ome one of them, for the Ufe of the Poor of the faid Parifh.

Juftices may XIV. And for the better preventing Abufes orderConfta- in quartering or billeting the Soldiers, in Pur-bles to give an Lance of this A£t; be it further enadted, by th^Numb°- t^ie Authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may of Solders be lawful to and for any one or more Juftice or quartered, &c. Juftices of the Pe'ace, within their refpedtive Counties, Cities or Liberties, by Warrant or Order under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of this A61, to require and command any High Conftable, Conftable, Beadle qr other Officer, who fhall quarter or

bille?

- Extracts from the "Penal Laws.	1y r

billet any Soldiers in Purfuance of this Adi, to give an Account in Writing unto the fa id Juftice or Juflices requiring the fame, of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who ffiall be quartered or billeted by them, and alfo the Names of the Houfekeepers or Perfons, upon whom every fuch Officer or Soldier ihali be quartered or billeted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every fuch Houfe-keeper dwells, and of the Signs (if any) belonging to their Ploufes; to the End it may appear to the faid Juftice or Juftices where fuch Officers and Soldiers are quartered or billeted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punifh all Abufes in the quartering or billeting of them.

XV. Provided nevertheless, and it is cfcirfe for Re-hereby declared, by the Authority aforefaid, lief of Perfons That from and after the 25th Day of March 1759, when and as often as any Perfon or t^enil^veil* Perfons ffiall be inlifted as a Soldier or Soldiers in his Majefty’s Land Service, he and they fhall, within four Days, but not fooner than 24 Hours, after fuch Inlifting refpedtively, be carried before the next Juftice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief Magiftrate of any City or Town Corporate (not being an Officer in the Army) and before fuch Juftice or Chief Magiftrate, he or they ffiall be at Liberty to declare his or their Diflfent to fuch Inlifting; and upon fuch Declaration, and returning the Inlifting Money, and alfo each Perfon fo diffenting paying the Sum of 20j. for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, fuch Perfon or Perfons fo inlifted ihali be forthwith difeharged and fet at Liberty,

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

in the Prefence of fuch Juftice or Chief Ma-‘ giftrate; but if fuch. Perfon or Perfons fhall refufe or negledt, within the Space of 24 Hours, to return and pay fuch Money, as aforefaid, he or they fhall be deemed and taken to be inlifted, as if he or they had given his or their Aftent thereto before the faid Juftice or Chief Magiftrate; or if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall declare his or their having voluntarily inlifted himfelf or themfelves, then fuch Juftice or Chief Magiftrate fhall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand, that fuch Perfon or Perfons is or are duly in-lifted; fetting forth the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling of him or them refpedtively (if known) and that the fecond and fixth Sections of the Articles of War againft Mutiny and Defertion were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the Oath mentioned in the faid Articles of War; and if any fuch Perfon or Perfons, fo to be certified as duly inlifted, fhall refufe to take the faid Oath of Fidelity before the faid Juftice or Chief Magiftrate, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Officer, from whom he has received fuch Money as aforefaid, to detain or confine fuch Perfon or Perfons, until he or they fhall take the Oath before required ; and every Military Officer, that fhall ad: contrary hereto, or offend herein, fhall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture, as is by this Acl to be infiided upon any Officer for making a falfe and untrue Mufter ; and the Penalty and Forfeiture fhall be levied and recovered in the fame manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Ad: to be levied and recovered.

XVL

Exfrdtfs from the Penal Laws.	177

XVI. And be it further enadted, by the Perrons refill Authority aforefaid, That if any Perfon or ling the faid Perfons fhall receive the Inlifting Money from Rellef *° be any Officer (knowing it to be fuch) and fhall abfcond or refufe to go before fuch Juftice or i^ed. Chief Magiftrate, in Order to declare his Af-fent or Diftent, as aforefaid; fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be deemed and taken to be in-lifted, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever; and fhall and may be proceeded againft, as if he or they had taken the Oath diredted by the faid Articles of War to be taken before luch Juftice or Chief Magiftrate.

XLIII. Extracts fro?n 30 Geo. 2. relative to the Fares of Ca?'tsy Carrs and Carrooms, taking up Goods in the City*

I.	PI IS Statute enadls, That the Juftices

Jl of the Peace of the City of London lor the Time being, fhall have Power and Authority at the General Seftions of the Peace, qei]:ons which fhall be holden for the faid City of iHs Ra: London next after the 24th Day of June in Price;, h every Year, as Occafion fhall require, to affels and rate reafonable Rates and Prices for the Carriage of all Goods taken up in the faid City of London, and carried by any fuch Li-cenfed Carts, &c. as well in the faid City of London, as from the faid City of London into the City of ULflminjier^ or any other Place not exceeding die Diftance of three Miles from

:es and

_)f

, of

■\T

*

th

$	Extracts from the Penal Laws'*

and make the faid City of London, and alfo to make Rules and Rules and Orders for the Regulation of the Orders for the £)rivers 0f fuch Carts, Carrs and Carrooms, to

Drfverstl0n °* comPe^ Payment for the Carriage of Goods, and to annex reafonable Penalties for the Breach of fuch Rules, not exceeding 5/. for each Offence. The faid Rules to be printed and affixed up in fome publick Place of the City, and to be otherwife made publick, within 30 Days after making the fame.

II.	That no Perfon fhall ufe or drive any Cart for Hire in the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, without Licence for that Purpofe firft obtained from the Governors of Cbrijl’s Hofpital'-, on Pain of forfeiting 40 s. on Conviction, before one Juftice of the Peace of the City of London.

III.	That no empty Cart or Carr of any Carman fhall ftand in any other Place or Places in the City of London or Liberties thereof, other than thofe appointed for that Purpofe, unlefs during fuch Time as is neceffary for the loading or unloading Goods ; nor no greater Number of Carts to hand than fhall be appointed by the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen 5 on Pain of forfeiting $s. for the firft Offence; 10 s. for the fecond; and for the third and every other Offence, the Sum of 20s. and the Beadles or Conflables, or any of the Inhabitants of the City of London, may take the Cart and Plorfes of any fuch Offender to the Green Tard, there to be impounded until the Owner fhall have paid the Penalty incurred, and the Charges of impounding the fame.

No Perfon to have or ufe Carts in Lon ■ don without Licence from Chriil’s Xiof-pital.

Carts not to ftand but at Places appointed.

IV.

Extracts from the Penal Laws*	T79

IV.	Every Parcel of Dry Goods, fuch as What to be Indigo* Argol, Cheefe and all other Goods deemedLoads, (not hazardous) of the like Bulk and Weight, ^alf^oads,&c* whether in one or many Cafks above 19 Hundred Weight, not exceeding 25 Hundred Weight, to be deemed a Load.

Ditto, above 15, not exceeding 19 Hundred Weight, a fmall Load.

Ditto, not exceeding 15 Hundred Weight, an half Load.

Parcels of Grocery, to be deemed as follows, that is to fay,

For, or as a full Load,

Two Hogfheads of Sugar, light or heavy.

Three Tierces of ditto, not exceeding 2g Hundred Weight.

One Butt and one Carroteel Currans.

Fifty Bafkets Malaga or Denia Raifins.

Thirty Frails or Pieces of Alexias.

Twenty Barrels of Belvideras or Leporas.

Twenty Barrels or eighty Tapnets Figs.

One Butt, and a fmall Calk of Smyrnas-Three Bales of Annifeed,

Six Barrels of Almonds.

For, or as a fmall Load,

One Butt Currans or Smyrnas.

One Butt and one Roll Currans.

Twenty Quarter Barrels or fifty Jars ok Raifins-of the Sun.

Three Puncheons of Prunes.

N 2	On«-

Extracts from the Tenal Laws'.

One Hogflhead of Sugar, or any Parcel of Grocery, not exceeding 15 Hundred Weight, to be deemed an half Load.

Pot or Pearl Afhes, weighing from 19 Hundred Weight to 25 Hundred Weight, to be deemed a Load.

One ditto, not lefs than 15 Hundred Weight, a fmall Load.

Two Hogfheads of Tallow, a Load.

Fifh, Oil, ten Barrels to be a Load.

RATES to be paid for Carriage,

From any of Keys below the Bridge, to any Part of Lower Thames-ftreet up Fijh-ftreet-hill to the Monument up Pudding-lane, Botolph-lane, St. Mary-hill, St. Dunftan' s-hill, or any of the Lanes leading from Thames-ftreet, Pudding-lane, Botolph-lane, and that Part of Upper 'Thames-ftreet from the Bridge-foot to St. Martin's-lane. Sc. Miles’s-lane and Old-fwan,

For every Load, as above-mentioned, is.

For every fmall or half Load, is. 6d.

From any of the Wharfs between the Tower and London-bridge to Dyer's-hall, Cole-harbour, Steel-yard* Doublehood Warehoufe, Laurence-pountney-lane, Three Cranes, feenhithe, Ffueen-(free i-lull, College-hill, Dowgate-hill, that Part of Fifty fir eel-hill above the Monument, or any of the Lanes as high as both Eaft-cheaps, leading from Lower Thames-ftreet to Tower-ftreet, 'Mark-lane, Limeftreet, Billiter-lane, Leadenhall-ftreet, "Dukes-piace, St. Mary-axe, Bijhopfgate-ftreet within, Cornhill, Finch-lane, Lombard-ftreet^ Birchin-lane, Abchurch-lane, Clement's-

lane,

Extracts from the Penal Laws,	18x

lane, Gracechurch-fir eet, both Eaft-cheaps, Phil-pot-lane, Rood-lane, and Places of like Diftances,

For a Load, 2 j. 6 d.

For a fmall Load, 2

For an half Load, is. 6d.

From the Keys to Broad-fireet, Phreadneedle-fireet, Lothbury, Bartholomew-lane, London-wall, Coleman-fireet, BaJinghall-Jlreet, Old-jury,

St. Lawrence-lane. Ironmonger-lane, Milk-ftreet, Aldermanhury, Wood-fireet, Cheapjide, Poultry,

St. Martin3 s-le-grand, Newgate-fir eet. Pater-nofier-row, St. Pauls Church-yard, Dotters-commons, Old-change, Friday-fir eet. Bread-ftr eet.

Bow-lane, JVatling-ftreet, Bafing-lane, Bread-fireet-hill, Primly-lane. Old Fijh-ftreet, or any Part of Phames-fireet, from Oueenhitbe to Puddle-dock, or Places of the like Diftance within the Gates, and alfo to Bifljopfgate-without, not exceeding the London Workhoufe, AUgate High-ftreet 'within Whitechapel-bars, Houndf-ditch and the Minories,

For a Load, 3s.

For a fmall Load, 2 s. 6d.

For an half Load, is. 6d*

From the Keys to all Places within the Gates and Bars (the above-mentioned Articles, other-wife afeertained before) excepted,

Bor a Load, $s. 6 d.

For a fmall Load, 2 s. 10 d.

For an half Load, 2 s. 6d.

For Torkfioire Packs to all Places within the Gates, per Pack, 2 s. 6d.

For ditto, to all Places between the Gates and Bars, per Pack, 3 s.

N 3	Fo-i

'\$z	Extracts	from the "Penal Laws,,

For iSpanifij Wool to any Place within the Gates, per Bag, 4 d.

And from all other Warehoufes to Blackwell-' hall, and all Inns within the Gates, per Bag,

3 d'

For ditto, to all Places between the Gates and Bars, per Bag, 5 d.

N. B. To carry nine Bags of Spanifh Wool in a Load, and no more.

Several kinds of Goods next herein after-mentioned, being either not weighable, hazardous or cumberfome, are to be carried at the Rates next herein-after fpecified, viz.

Eafi India Goods that are weighable, as Tea, Coffee, &c. to any of the Companies Warehoufes in Fenchurch-ftreet, Lime-fir eet, the Exchange, &c. 2 s. 2d. per Ton, and 2d, per Hundred the Over-weight.

All Pieces of Arrack, containing about 150 Gallons, 2s. 2d. each, or a greater Quantity in two or more fmaller Calks, 2 s. 6d.

Hamburgh, Hmfierdam, Rotterdam^ Scotch and Irijh Linens, in Chefls, Vats, Bales and Packings, of various Weights and Sizes, from 6 d. to 3 s. per Cheft, Bale, &c.

Tobacco to the refpe&ive Merchants Warehoufes, per Hogfloead, 1 s.

And from all Warehoufes to the Water-fide, per Hog [head, 8 d.

Smyrna Cotton per Bagy Sacks of Goats Hair, Wool, or of Galls or Silk, Nuts or Sponges, or Colloquintida, or Bales of Cotton Varn, or Chefis of Drugs or Piftachia, each 4 (I.

Cyprus

TLxtraBs from the Penal Laws,

Cyprus Cotton, per Bag, 9 d. furkey Silk, per Bale, 6 d.

Bales of Carpets each, 1 s.

Fangots or Sacks of Mohair Yarn or Fan-gots of Silk, each 3 d.

For Cartage of Wine, Oil, Brandv, Rum,

&c.

TW O Pipes, two Butts or four Hog /heads of Wine, two Pipes, two fmall Butrs, one great Butt, four Hogfheads, or any Quan-tity of Oil, whether in one or more Calks, above 200 not exceeding 300 Gallons, to be accounted a Load.

One Pipe and one Hogfhead, or three Hogfheads of Wine, three Hogfheads or any Quantity of Oil above 150 and not exceeding 200 Gallons, to be efteemed a finallLoad.

One Pipe, one Butt, or two Hogfheads of Wine, one fmall Butt, two Hogfheads or any Quantity of Oil, not exceeding 150 Gallons, to be efteemed an half Load.

From any of the Keys below the Bridge, to any Part of Lower Lhames-freet, or any Part of Upper Thames-flreet as far as the Three-cranes, or to any of the Lanes or Hills leading from or to the above Places, to T’ower-frest, Mark-lane,	Mincing-lane,	Seething-lane, Crutc bed-

friars, Poor-jury-lane, Fenchurch-flreet, Lime-freet, Billiter-lane, Leadenhall-freet, Duke's-place, St. Mary-axe, Bifhopfgatefrcet within, Cornhill, Finch-lane, Lombard-jlreet, and any of the Lanes leading from thence, Cannon-flreet, JValbrook, Budge-rozv, Gracechurchfreet, both INI 4	Maf*

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws,

Eaft-cheaps, Philpot-lane, Rood-lane, and Places of the like Diftance,

For a Load, is. 6d.

For a fmallLoad, 2 s.

For an half Load, is. 6d.

From the Keys to Broad-flreet, Fhreadneedle-ftreet, Lothbury, Bartholomew-lane, Coleman-fir eet, Old-jury, St. Lawrence-lane, Ironmonger-lane, Milk-ftreet, Aldermanbury, Wood-fir eet, Cheapjide, Bow-lane, Bucklersbury, Poultry, the Back of the Exchange, Friday-fireet9 Bread-fir eet, Baling-lane, Bread-fir eet-hill9 Frinity-lane, Old Ftp-fir eet, any Part of Thames-fir eet Weft ward of the Fhree-cranes, and Places of the like Diftance,

For a Load, 3j.

For ajW/ Load, is. 6d.

For an Z.cW, 2 r.

' From the Km to London-wall, St. Martin* s-le-grand, St. Pauls Church-yard, Dohlors-com-mans, Pater-nofier-row, Newgate-fir eet, Blcw-bladder-fireet. Bull- and-mouth fir eet, Fofter-lane, and Places of the like Diftance within the Gates, •, as glfo to Bifioopfgate without, Aldgate Iligh-flreet within, fVhite chap el-bars, Iloundfi ditch, and the Minories,

For a Load, 35^

For a fin all Load, 2 s.

For an half Load, 2

From the Keys to Ludgate-hill. Fleet-market, Old-baily, Snow-hill, Holbourn-bridge, Smilhfcld, Aiderfgate-ftreet. Barbican, Redcrofs-ftreet, Fore-fireef, and Places of the like piftance,

F ui

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

For a Load, %s. 6d.

For a fmall Load, 3 j.

For an half Load, 2

From the Keys to Fleet-ftreet, Temple-bar, Fetter-lane, Holborn-hill, and Places of the like Diftance,

For a Load, 4 s.

For a fmall Load, 3 s.

For an half Load, 2 s. 6d.

N. B. One Piece and one Puncheon of Brandy and two Puncheons of Rum, to be accounted a Load.

One Piece of Brandy, or any Quantity of Rum above 150, not exceeding 200 Gallons* to be efteemed a fmall Load.

One Pipe or one Puncheon of Brandy, one Puncheon or any Quantity of Rum not exceeding 50 Gallons, to be efteemed an half Load.

For Cartage of Goods from the Wharfs, &c. Weft ward of the Bridge, the fame Parcels

of Goods to be accounted a Load-------A fmall

Load----'An half Load, as from the Keys be-

low the Bridge.

From any of the Wharfs between London-bridge and Puddle-dock, to any Part of Upper Thames-ftreet, or any of the Hills or Lanes leading diredtly out of it.

For a Load, is.

For a fmall Load, is. 6 d.

For an half Load, n. 6 d.

From any of the Wharfs between London-bridge and gueenbith, or any of the Ware-

houfes

2 86	Extracts	from the Penal Laws.

houfes in or adjoining to that Part of Upper Lhames-ftreet, to all Places above excepted within the Gates,

For a Load? 2 s. 6d.

For a fmall Load, 2 s.

For an half Load, is. 6 d.

' To all Places between the Gates and Bars^ For a Load, 3 s. 4 d.

For a fmall Load, 2 s. 6 d.

For an half Load) is. id.

From any of the Wharfs between Ehieenhithe and Puddle-dock, or any of the Warehouses in or adjoining to that Part of Lhames-ftreet to Old Fijh-ftreet, Carter-lane, T) oft ors-commons, Bajing-lane, St. Paul's Church-yard, Newgate-ftreet, Cornhill, and all Places within the Gates, Weftward of the Streets leading from Biftoopft gate to London-hridge, up the Hill,

For a Load, is. 6d.

For a fmall Load, is.

For an half Load, is. 6 d.

To Little Eaft-cheap, Lower-Jlreet, Fenchurch-ftreet^ Lower Lhames-ftreet) Crutched-friars, and all Places within the Gates, Eafhvard of the Streets leading from Bijhopfgate to London-hridge, as alfo to Ludgat£-hill) Old-haih) Fleet-market, Flclhourn-hridge, Snow-hill) Smithfield) Alder ft gate-’iireet, Barbicaii) and all other Places Weft” ward of Cripplegate within the Bars,

For a	3/.

For & fmall Load, 2 r. 6 For an	2

T®

Extracts from the PernI Laws,

To Fore-ftreet^ Wbitecrofs-ftreet, Bifhcpfgate-Jfreet Without, Houndfditch, and all other Places Eaftward of Ori-pplegate, witkin the Bars,

For a Li?4 3 j. 6 For a y3»<z// Load, 2	10

For an half Loady 2s. 3d.

For the Cartage of Goods from London to the City of Weftminfter, the Borough of Southwark, and the other Out-parts and Suburbs of London, a?td all Places adjacent, from the Keys.

EVERY Parcel of Dry Goods, fuch as Indigo, Argol, Gheefe, and all other Goods (not hazardous) of the like Bulk and Weight, whether in one or many Calks, above 19 Hundred Weight not exceeding 25 Hundred Weight, to be deemed a Load.

Ditto above 15 not exceeding 19 Hundred Weight, a fmall Load.

Ditto not exceeding iz Hundred Weight, an half Load.

Each of the following Parcels of Grocery to be accounted a LOAD:

Two Flog (lie ads of Sugar, light or heavy. Three Tierces of ditto, not exceeding 25 Hundred Weight.

One Butt and one Carroteel Currans.

Fifty Balkets Malaga or Denia Raifins,

Thirty Frails or Pieces of Alexias.

T wenty Barrels Belvideras or Leporas.

T wenty

l88	Extracts	from	the Penal Laws'.

Twenty Barrels or eighty Tapnets Figs.

One Butt and a fmall Calk Smyrnas.

Five Barrels of Rice.

Three Bales of Annifeed.

Six Barrels of Almonds.

A fmall L O A D:

One Butt Currans or Smyrnas*

One Butt and one Roll Currans.

Twenty Quarter Barrels or 50 Jars of Raifins of the Sun.

Three Puncheons of Prunes.

Pot or Pearl Allies, weighing from 19 Hundred Weight to 25 Hundred Weight, be deemed a Load.

One Calk not lefs than Fifteen Hundred Weight, a fmall Load.

Two Hogfheads of Tallow, a Load.

One Hogfhead of Sugar, or any Parcel of Grocery, not exceeding 15 Hundred Weight, to be deemed an half Load.

Wine, Olive OilBrandy, Bum, dec. as follows, viz.

Two Pipes, two Butts or four Hogfheads of Wine, one Piece and one Puncheon, two Puncheons or Pipes of Brandy, two Puncheons of Rum, two Pipes, two fmall Butts, one great Butt, four Hogfheads or any Quantity of Oil, whether in one or more Calks above 200 not exceeding 300 Galons, to be accounted a Load.

Ons

ExtraBs from the Venal Lam.

One Pipe and one Hogfhead, or three Hog-(heads of Wine, one Pipe or one Puncheon of Brandy, three Hogfheads or any Quantity of Oil, Rum, %3c. above 150 not exceeding 200 Gallons, to be efteemed a fmall Load.

One Pipe, one Butt or two Hogfheads of Wine, one Pipe or one Puncheon of Brandy, one Puncheon of Rum, one Pipe, one fmall Butt, two Hogfheads, or any Quantity of Oil, not exceeding 150 Gallons, an half Load.

Fifh, Oil, ten Barrels to be (and not hazardous) a Load.

From any of the Keys below the Bridge, or from Cannon-fireet, Lombard-fireet, Leadenhall-ftreet, and Places of the like Diflance, not exceeding Cornhill, Bifhopfgate-firect Within, Wallbrook, Budge-rczv, Queen-fireet-hill and

iieenhiihe, to any Part of the High-ftreet in the Borough of Southwark, as far as St. George*s Church, to any of the Wharfs in Tooley-fireet, not exceeding Syrmnond’s Wharf, and Places adjacent, of the like Diftance.

For every Load of Dry Goods and Grocery as above-mentioned, 2 s. 6d.

For a fmall Load of ditto, 2 s.

For an half Load of ditto, is. 6d.

Wine, Olive Oil\ Ru?n, &c. fro?n and to the abcve-ms?itio?icd Places.,

For a Load, 3JV

For a fin all Load, 2 s. 6 d.

For an half Load, 2 s.

1' rom

iigo	-Extracts from the Venal Laws'. |

From any of the above-mentioned Keys ] and the above-mentioned Places to the Bankfide, Gravel-lane, D e adman* s-place, Blackman-Jireet, | Kent-ftreet, White-ftreet, Long-lane, Bermondfey* \ ftreet, St. Saviour*s-dock, or Dock-head, S/W- ! thames, Blacks-fields, or any of the Wharfs in fTooley-ftreet below Symmond*s Wharf, and all Places adjacent, of the like Diftance,

For every Load of Dry Goods and Grocery as above-mentioned, %s.	i

For everv fmallLoad,, of ditto, is. 6d.	J

For an	of	ditto,	2	j.	,]

Wine, Oily Brandy,	&c. to the above«

mentioned Places,

For a Le##, 4^.

For a	Load, %s.

For an	LcW, is.	6 d.

\fi'he Bridge and Bridge-Yard Yell to be paid by the Merchant si]

From any of the Keys below the Bridge, any | of the Hills or Lanes leading from Lower j Yhames-ftreet, from Lower-ftreet? Fenchurch- j ftreet, Leadenha 11-freely Gracechurch-ftreet, Bi- j Jhopfgate-ftreet Within, and all Places adjacent, j on the Eaft-fide of the Streets leading from j Bifhcpfgate to the "Bridge, to Chancery-lane, the ] Strand from Lem pie Par to the New-church, the j Butcher-row, and Places adjacent, of the like 1 Diftance,	j

For every Load of Dry Goods or Grocery, 4^ j For a ft.nail Load of ditto, 3 s.	\

For an half Load of ditto, is.	j

JL me, 1

Extracts from-the Penal LavsL

191

Wine, Olive Oil, Brandy, Rum, &c. from and to the fame above Places,

For a Load, 4 s. 6d.

For a Load, 3 j. 6^.

For an half Load, 3 .r.

To that Part of the Strand beyond the New* church, St. Martin9 s-lane, Long-acre, Drury-lane. Covent-garden, Seven-dials, Monmouth-ftreet, Lincoln9s-inn-fields, Clare-rnarket, High-hclbourn, St. Giles9s as far as the Church, Gray's-inn-lane, Red-lion-ftreet, Bloomjbury, and Places adjacent of the like Diftance,

For a Load of Dry Goods or Grocery,

For a fmall Load, as.

For an half Load, 3 /.

Wine, Olive Oil, Brandy, Rum, &c, to the above Places,

For a Load, 5J. 6 d.

For a fmall Load, 4 s. 6 d.

For an half Load, 4 s.

To Charing-crcfs, Whitehall, any Part of Weftminfter as far as Buckingham-gate, Sc .James9* ftreet, Piccadilly, to the End of Dover-ftreet. Old-bond-ftreet. Conduit-ftreet, Neivpcrt-market, Soho, Oxford-road, to the End of t reat Szval-low-ftreet, and Places adjacent* of the like Diftance,

For a Load of Drv Goods or Grocerv. Os.

* * J

For a fmall Load, 4 s. 6 d.

For an half Lead, 4:-

l&xfiraBs from the Tend LaibK

Wine, Olive Oil, Brandy, Rum, See, tc the above Places,

For a Load, ys.

For a /mail Load, 5 s. 6 d.

For an half Load, 4 s. 6 d.

To Grofvenor fquare, May-fair, Berkley fquare, Hanover-fquare, New-bond-ftreet, Ca-vendijh-fquare, and Places of the like Diftance, For every Load of Dry Goods or Grocery

Is-

For a [mall Load of ditto, 5 s. 6 d.

For an half Load of ditto, 4 s. 6 d.

Wi?ie, Olive Oil, Bra?idy, Rum, See. U the qforefaid Plates,

For a Load, 8 s*

For a [mall Load, 6 s.. 6 d*

For an half Load, 5 s.

From the Keys to Goodman*s-fields, Eaft~ finithfield, the Hermitage, Whitechapel without the Bars, as far as George-yard, not exceeding Dirty-lane and Places adjacent, of the like Diftance,

For every Load of Dry Goods or Grocery,

3 s-

For a fmall Load of ditto, 2 s. 6 d.

For an half Load of ditto, is.

Extracts from the Penal Laws,

j9i

Pot or Pearl AJhes, Weights as before defcribed.

For a Load, 3 s. 6d.

For a fmall Load, 2 s. 6d.

For an half Load, 2 s.

Fifh Oil, for a Load, 3 s.

Wine± Olive Oil, Brandy, Rum, See. to the aforefaid Places,

For a Load, 3 if.

For a fmall Load, 2 s. 6d.

For an half Load, 2 s. 6d.

To Wloitechapel, Church-lane, Field-gate. Nightingale-lane, Virginia-Jlreet, Well-clofe-fqu are, and Places of the like Diftance,

For every Load of Dry Goods or Grocery, 3 s. 6 d.

For a fmall Load of ditto, 2 s. 10d.

For an half Load of ditto, is. 3d.

Wine, Olive Oil, Brandy, Rum, Sec. to the aforefaid Places,

For a Load, 4^

For 3 fmall Load, 3 s.

For an half Load, is. 6d.

To Ratcliff-highway, Wapping, Old Gravel-lane, Cock-hill, Shadwell, and Places adjacent of the like Diftance,

O

For

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws,

194

For a Load of Dry Goods or Grocery, 4 s. For a /mall Load of ditto, 3J.

For an half Load of ditto, is. 6d.

Wine 1 Olive Oil, Brandy, Rum, Sec. to the above Places,

For a Load, gs.

For a /mail Load, 4 s.

For an half Load, 3 s. 6 d.

To Rat cliff-crofs. Stepney-caitfway, Limehoufe, Bell-wharf, Shadwell-dock, and all Places adjacent, of the like Diftance,

For a Load of Dry Goods and Grocery, 5 s. For a /mail Load of ditto, 4 s.

For an half Load of ditto, 3 s. 6d.

Wine, Brandy, Rum, Olive Oil\ &c. to the above Places,

For a Load, 6 s.

For a (mail Load, 5 s.

For an half Load, 4 s.

From the Keys to Spital-fields, Shoreditch, Moor fields. Windmill-hill, Chifwell-flreet, and Places adjacent, of the like Diftance,

For a Load of Dry Goods or Grocery, 4 s. For a [mall Load of ditto, 3 s.

For an half Load of ditto, is. 6 d.

Wine,

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

195

Wme, Oil, Brandy, Bum, &c. to the above Places,

For a Load, 4s. 6 d.

For a fmall Load, 3 s. 6 d.

For an half Load, 2 s. 6 d.

To Old-flreet, that Part of Whitecrofs-ftreet out of the Freedom of the City, Golden-lane ■, Gofwell-Jireet, St. John*s-jlreet beyond the Bars, Clerkenwell, Leather-lane. Saffron-hill, Hockley-in-the-hole, and all Places adjacent of the like Diflance,

For every Load of Dry Goods or Grocery,

4.S.

For a fmall Load of ditto, 3 s.

For an half Load of ditto, 2 s. 6 d.

Wifie, Olive Oil, Brandy, Rum, &c. to the afore-mentioned Places,

For a Load, 4/. 6d.

For every fmall Load, 3 j. 6 d.

For an half Load, 2 s. 6 d.

And as to all other Places and Goods not before particularly mentioned, the fame are to be carried and paid for in the manner following, that is to fay.

All Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, what-foever, weighing 14 Hundred Weight, or under, fhall be deemed half a Load and from 14 Hundred Weight to 26 Hundred Weight, fhall be deemed a Load, from any Part of the O 2	City

196

Extras!s from the Penal Laws.

City of London *, and the Rates for carrying lhall be as follows:

For any Way within and to the Extention of half a Mile for half a Load, or under, is. 6d.

And for above half a Load, and not exceeding a Load, 2 s. 6 d.

For any Way more than half a Mile, and to the Extention of a Mile for half a Load, or under, is.

For above half a Load, and not exceeding a Load, 3 s.

For any Way more than a Mile, and to the Extention of one Mile and a half, for half a Load, or under, 2 s. 6 d.

For above half a Load, and not exceeding a Load, 3 s. 6 d.

For any Way more than a Mile and a half, and to the Extention of two Miles, for half a Load, or under, %s.

For above half a Load, and not exceeding a Load, 4 s.

For any Way more than two Miles, and within two Miles and an half, for half a Load, or under, 6d.

For above half a Load, and not exceeding a Load,	s.

For any Way more than two Miles and an half, and within three Miles, for half a Load, or under, 4 s.

For above half a Load, and not exceeding a Load, 5 s.

For any Way more than three Miles, and within three Miles and an half, for half a Load, or under, 4 s. 6 d.

For above half a Load, and not exceeding a Load, $s. 6 d.

For

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

For any Way more than three Miles and an half, and within four Miles, for half a Load, or under, 5 s.

For above half a Load, arid not exceeding a Load, 6 s.

And fo after the fame Rate to the Extent of Ground limited by A<5t of Parliament.

And for all Merchandizes and Commodities that cannot be divided, weighing above 26 Hundred Weight, the Carman fhall, over and above the Rates above-mentioned, receive and be paid after the Rate of 2 d. per C. for every Hundred Weight exceeding 26 Hundred Weight, and fo in Proportion for lefs than a Hundred Weight.

That if any Difpute fhall arife between the Employer and the Carman, about the Diftance of Ground that the Goods have been carried, or the Weight of the Goods carried, either Party is to be at Liberty to apply to the Lord Mayor, or any Juftice of the Peace of the City of London: And on fuch Application, the Ground fhall be dire£ted to be meafured from the Place where the Cart was loaded, by fome Perfon to be appointed for that Purpofe by the faid Lord Mayor, or any fuch Juftice to whom fuch Application fhall be made. And if a Difpute arifes concerning the Weight of the Goods carried, the fame fhall be weighed, if it can be conveniently done, and the Party in Default fhall pay all fuch Expences as fhall be afeertained to be reafonable by the Magi-ftrate before whom the Parties fhall have been heard.

Per fons ftlji CJ^aje.

Having Gasr, in their To hi

Extracts from the Tend Laws.

Obs. It is much to be lamented, that the above All had not extended the Power of the Seffions to fixing the Rates and Fares of Carmen taking up Goods in the City and Liberty of Weftminfter, and Parts adjacent, as they are at prefent under no Regulation relative to their Fares ; and it is alfo much to be wifhed,, that the Fares of Porters, who carry Goods and Parcels from the Inns to different Parts of the Town, who are very apt to impofe on the Parties to whom they carry them, were fettled and fixed; as many Perfons have been obliged to pay more for little Prefent s of Game, &rc. than the Value of the Things them],elves.

XLIV. ExtraBs from 28 Geo. 2. c. 12. 1 James, c. 27. and 11 H. 7. c. j 7.

relative to the felling of Game, and the defraying of Swans Eggs.

)Cr I. 1F>Y Sne fh'St Statute it is enabled, That if 0 JD any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, whether qualified or not qualified to kill Game, [hall fell, expofe or offer to Sale any Hare, Phea-fant. Partridge, Moor, Heath-Game orGroufe, every Such Perfon [hall forfeit the Sum of 5/. ie if. And it is likewile enabled, That if any f-.Harc, Pheafanr, Partridge, Moor, Heath-Game or Grouze, {hall be found in the Shop or Pofkfiion of any Poulterer, SaleSman, Fifii-mongrr. Cook or Paftry-Cook, the fame Shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be an exposing thereof to Sale, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Abl,

III.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	igg

III.	By i James, c. 27. it is enabled. That Taking or de-every Perfon who fhall take the Eggs of any ftroyingSwans Swans out of the Neft, or wilfully fpoil them EgS3'

in the Neft, fhall, on Conviblion, be committed to Gaol three Months, unlefs he pay 20 s. for every Egg; or after one Month of his Commitment become bound by Recognizance with two Sureties in 20/. a-piece never to offend again in like manner.

IV.	And by 11 H. 7. c. 17. it is enabled.

That no Perfon fhall take, or caufe to be taken, on his own Ground, or any other Man’s, the Eggs of any Swan *, on Pain (on Conviblion before the Juftices of the Peace) of Imprifon-ment for a Year and a Day, and Fine at the King’s Will; half to the King and half to the Owner of the Swans.

XLV. Extract from 4 Geo. 2. c. 14. relative to the making of Hair Powder, and felling and ufing the fame.

BY this Statute it is enabled, That if any Penalty or Maker of Hair Powder, or any Perfumer, mixing with Peruke-maker, Barber, or any Seller or Sellers Eair |ov,')jer of or Dealers in Hair Powder, fhall mix or 2 21 er* caufe to be mixed, any Powder of Alabafter,

Plaifter of Paris, Talk, Chalk, Whiting, Lime or any other Material or Materials, of any other Kind or Nature whatfoever, (Rice firft made into Starch, and Sweet Scents only excepted) with any Starch, or with any Powder of Starch, to be made Ule of, for making of O 4	Hair

£oq , Extracts from the Penal haws,

Hair Powder, and fhall make or caufe to be made, any Hair Powder, with any of the Mar terials before-mentioned, or with any other Mar terial or Materials of any other Kind or Nature whatfoever, other than Starch, or Powder of Starch, or of Rice firft made into Starch, and fhall ufe, fell, or offer to fell, any Hair Powder, fo mixed or made, he, {he or they fhall forfeit all the Hair Powder fo mixed or made, and like wife the Syjm of 20 h

XLVI. Extracts Jrom 28 Geo* 2, c. 1. for the Relief oj the Out-Penfioners of the Royal Hofpital at Chelfea,

Alignments I- "O V this Statute it is enabled. That all void.	JD	Alignments, Bargains, Sales, Contradts,

Orders, Agreements or Securities whatfoever, made by any Out-Penfioner, for, upon or in refpedt of any Sum or Sums of Money to become due, for or on Account of the Out-Penfion of the Royal Hofpital at Cbelfea, to fuch Out-Penfioners who fhall be admitted thereunto, fhall be abfolutely null and void, to all Intents and Purpofes.

Treafurer to II. And it is further enadled, That the Trea-1 in furer of Chelfea Hofpital may with-hold and fa/appHed*as* <^ec^u<^: 1 s- in the Pound out of all Monies his Majefty which fhall from and after the 25th of De-fhalldireft.	cember 1755, be applicable to the Payment of

the faid Out-Penfion, as well as out of all Monies which fhall be directed to be iffued in

Advance

Extracts prom the Penal Laws.	201

Advance to the Out-Penfioners of Chelfea Hof- Penfion to be pital •, which Monies fo deduced (hall be ap- paid without plied in the manner which his Majefty, his D?' Heirs and Succeffors fhali direCt; and that after du I0”' the Deduction of the faid Sum of is. in the Pound, the faid Penfions fhali be paid to the Perfons intitled thereto, without any other Deduction, Fee, Stoppage or Charge whatever.

III.	And if the Agent to be appointed for Agent taking the Payment of the faid Penfions, or any other Fees for pay-Agent or Clerk employed in paying the fame, fhali exaCt or take any Fee or Reward whatever, {hierecT and for or on Account of paying the faid Penfion, forfeit ’1001. or on any other Account whatfoever, relative to the faid Out-Penfion, he fhali lofe and forfeit his faid Office or Employment; and over and above forfeit the Sum of 100/. and likewife be deemed incapable of ferving his Majefty, his Heirs and Succeftbrs, in any Office or Employment, Civil or Military whatfoever.

XLVII. Extracts from 5 Eliz. c. 2if 22 6c 23 Ch. 2. c. 25. 9 Geo. 1. c. 22. for pnnfhing the unlawful taking of Fifh.

I.	Hp HE firft ACt enaCts, That if any Perfon Breaking the .1 fhali unlawfully break, cut or deftroy. Dams of Filh any Head or Dam of a Fifh Pond, or fhali Ponds, or wrongfully fifh therein, with Intent to take or (ifhingthere-kill Fifh •, he fhali, on Conviction at the Suit of the King, or of the Party, at the Affixes or Seffions, be imprifoned three Months, and pay treble Damages; and after the three Months

are

No Per Ton .fhnii fill) in the Pond of soy Per ion wirhout his

Penalty

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

are expired fhall find Sureties for his good Abearing for ieven Years, or remain in Prifon till he doth.

II.	The 22 fs? 23 CL 2. enadls, That if any Perfon fhall ufe any Net, Angle, Flair, Noofe, Troll or Spear *, or fhall lay any Wears, Pots, Fifh Hooks or other Engines ; or fhall take

Cornenr, with any Fifh, by any Means or Device whatfoever, Nets or other or be aiding thereunto, in any River, Stew, Engines. Pond, Mote or other Water, without the Con-fent of the Lord or Owner of the Water*, and be thereof convidfed by Confeffion or Oath of one Witnefs, before one Juftice in one Month after the Offence ; every fuch Offender in taking or killing Fifh, fhall pay any Sum not exceeding treble Damages, and ioj. to the Overfeers for the Ufe of the Poor, by Diflrefs*, for want of Diflrefs, to be committed to the Houfe of Corredlion not exceeding one Month*, unlefs he enter into Bond with one Surety to the Party injured, not exceeding 10/ never to offend in like manner.

III.	And fuch Juftice may take, cut and deflroy, all fuch Angles, Spears, Flair, Noofes,

fthe Nets’ Trolls, Wears, Pots, F'ifh Hooks, Nets or other Engines, wherewith fuch Perfon fhall be apprehended.

Ktralinp* Fifli IV. The 9 Geo. i. c. 22. commonly called :;nd breaking the Black	enadls,	That	if	any Perfon,

down the being armed and difguifed, fhall unlawfully Heal or take away any Fifh, out of any River or Pond; or (whether being armed or difguifed or not) fLall unlawfully and malicioufly break down the Head or Mound of any Fifh Pond, whereby the Fifh fhall be left or deftroyed ; or fhall refeue any Perfon in Cuflody for fuch

Offence*,

JofHce of Ptv.ce mnv

Head, of Ponds.

20J

Extracts front the Penal Laws,

Offence ; or procure any other to join with him therein, he (hall be guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XLVTII. Extra5ts from io Geo. 2. re-. lating to Watertnen plying on the River Thames.

I.	p Y this Statute it is enadted, That no Apprentices.

Waterman (although free of the Company) fhall take an Apprentice under 14 Years of Age, nor above 20; and that Apprentices be taken for feven Years at the leaft, and be bound by Indentures, and inrolled in the Book of the Company •, on Penalty of the Mailer’s forfeiting 10/. and the Apprentices bound contrary to the true Intent of that Adi, forfeit the Freedom, Privileges and Advantages, other-wife obtained by Apprenticefnips. Neverthelefs, a Freeman may have two Apprentices at one Time, provided the fir ft has ferved four Years, when the other is taken *, on Penalty of 10/.

And Proprietors of 12 Lighters may take two Apprentices at one Time •, as may Proprietors of 40 Lighters take four, and no more, provided fuch Proprietors make Oath of owning iuch Number of Lighters, Barges or flat-bottomed Boats.

II.	And for preventing the lofing the Lives Numker of of Perfons palling on the River, it is enadled, PalTengers. That no Tilt-boat, Row-barge or Wherry, take at one Time more than thirty-feven Paf-fcngers, and three more by the Way j nor in

any

204

Tonnage of .Boats.

Watermen wilfully lofing their Tide from Billingf gateorGravef-end.

A Bell to be rung when Boats are to put off.

Extradts from the Penal Laws.

any other Boat or Wherry more than eight, and two more by the way; nor in any Ferry-boat or Wherry, allowed to work on Sundays, any more than eight Paffengers *, on Pain of forfeiting for the firft Offence 5/. for the fecond Offence 10/. and for the third Offence to be disfranchifed for 12 Months from working on the River, and from enjoying the Privileges of the Company : And in cafe any Perfon fhall be drowned, where a greater Number of Paffengers is taken in than is allowed, the Watermen fhall be deemed guilty of Felony, and tranfported as Felons.

III.	That every Tilt-boat fhall be of the Burthen of 15 Tons, and any other Boat or Wherry three Tons; and that no Gravefend Boats or Wherries with clofe Decks or Bails nailed down, and not moveable, be navigated, Tilt-boats only excepted, on the Penalty of 10/

IV.	Any Watermen orWherrymen who wilfully or negligently lofe their Tide from Billingfgate to Gravefend, or from thence to Billingfgate, by putting afhore for other Paffengers, or by waiting or loitering by the Way, fo that the firft Paffengers fhall be fet on Shore two Miles fhort of the Place to which they are bound, fuch Paffengers fhall be difcharged from paying any Thing for their Paffage.

V.	The Rulers of the Watermens Company are

to appoint two or more Officers to attend, one at Billingfgate, at every Time of High Water at London Bridge, and the other at Gravefend, at the firft of Flood•, who fhall publickly ring a Bell for 15 Minutes, to give Notice to the Tilt Boats and Wherries to put off. And it fuch Wherrymen,	do	not	immediately

put

205

.Extracts from the Penal Laws.

put off on ringing the faid Bell, and do not effectually proceed on their Voyage, but put on Shore within two Miles of Billingfgate or Gravefend, as the Cafe may be; or if fuch Boats are not navigated by two fufficient Men, the youngeft to be 18 Years old at leaftj in every fuch Cafe the Owners of fuch Boats (hall forfeit 5/. to be levied on the Boats or Goods of the Owners of fuch Boats.

VI.	And if the Company of Watermen negleft Negleft of fetting up the faid Bells, and appointing proper UP and Perfons to ring them, they fhall forfeit 50/. Belfs?2 UC and Perfons appointed to ring the faid Bells, forfeit 40/. for every NegleCt.

RATES of Watermen plying upon the River Thames, either with Oars or Skullers.

Oars.

ROM London-bridge to ~)s. d. Limehoufe, New-crane, Shad-well-dock, Bell-wharf Ratcliff- 1

crofs9	‘—------*

From London-bridge to Wap-ping-dock, Wapping Old and Q New -flairs, the Hermitage, or/'0 Rotherhithe-church-Jlairs,	—	j

From St. Qlaves to Rother hithe-church-fiairs and Rother- >0	6

hithe-ftairs, ------------

From Billingfgate and St.

Clave's, to St. Saviour's Mill,

From any Stairs between London ■ bridge and IVeftminfter,	•

Skul.

S. d. Rates of Watermen.

o 6

0	3

o 3

0 3

o 3 From

Dxtradls from the Venal Laitis.

From either Side above London-bridge to Lambeth, or Vaux-

hall,	-----

From Whitehall to Lambeth

or Vauxhall,	-------

From the Femple, Dorfet-fiairs, Black-fry ers-ft airs, or Paul's-wharf, to Lambeth,

Over the Water directly, from > any Place between Vauxhall and S Limehoufe,	——*	3

Oars.	1 ££///,
)s. d.	J-
1 0	6 0
1  0 6	0 3
0 8	0 4
0 4	0 2

RATES of Oars, Down and Up			the
River, as well for the whole Fare,			CIS
Company.			
Down the River. ' Fare.		Com.	
s.		s.	d.
T? ROM London to Grave fend, 4	6	0	9
Jl To Grays, or Greenhithe, 4	0	0	8
To Pur fleet, or Erith, — 3	0	0	6
To Woolwich, —-—■ 2	6	0	4
To Blackwall, -—- 2	0	0	3
To Greenwich or Deptford, - 1	6 I	0	O  0

Up the River,

To Chelfea, Batterfea, and

Wandfworth,	-- 5	1	°

To Putney, Fulham or Barn- \

Elms,	    5	2

To Hammerfmi th, Chifwick or

Morlack,	------

To Brentford,	IJlewcrth or 7	^

Richmond—----------------  5	^

o 3

o 4 o 6 o 6

To

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

	Fare.		Com.	
	s.	d.	s.	d.
To ‘Twickenham, ——«	4	o	o	6
To Kingflon, 		5	o	o	9
To Hampton-court, —	6	0	I	o
To Hampton-town, Sunbttry 1				
or Walton, 	 j	7	o	I	o
To Weybridge and Chert fey.	IO	o	I	o
To Stanes, 		>	I 2	o	I	o
To Windfor, —	i4	o	I	o
RATES for carrying Goods and		Pafengers		
in the Gravefend Lilt-Boats,				
		£■	s.	d.
1HOR every fingle Perfon in	the}			
1 ordinary Paffage, 			i	u		9
For a Hogfhead, 			o	2	o
For a whole Firkin, 				o	o	o
For half a Firkin, ■—-		o	o	i
One Hundred Weight, 				o	o	4
One Sack of Corn, Salt, &c	—	- o	o	6
An ordinary Hamper, 				——‘V	o	o	6
The Hire of the whole Tilt-boat,		I	2	6

Whoever has Occafion to go by Water, need make no Bargain with the Waterman, but only tell him at what Stairs he is to land you-, and if any Difpute Jhould arife about his Fare, let him take what he demands, but remember to fet down the Number of his Boat. And if he has taken more than his Fare, or if he /wears, or treats you with ill Language or, if after plying you, he refufes to carry you, you may get him punifloed

£08	Extracts	from	the Penal Pawl,

hy applying to the Clerk of the Watermen's Company^ at their Hall near the Old Swan Stairs.

If a Waterman takes more than his Fare, he forfeits 40 s. and fuffers half a Tear's Impri-fonment.

If he fets up a Sail between Lambeth and London-Bridge, he forfeits 5 s.

Buyers or Receivers of the Materials herein mentioned, knowing the fame to be llolen, or unlawfully come by, &c.

to be tranf-ported for 14. Years.

Where there is Caufe of Sufpicion.

XLIX. Extracts from 29 Geo. 2* c. 30, relative to the Jlealing and the buying and receiving of Jlolen Lead, Irony Copper, Brafsy Bell Metal a?id Solder.

I.	J3 Y this Statute it is enacted. That every JD Perfon who fhall buy or receive any Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-metal or Solder, knowing the fame to be llolen or unlawfully, come by 5 or fhall privately buy or receive any ftolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brais* Bell-metal or Solder, by fullering any Door, Window or Shutter, to be left open or un-faftened between SunYetting and Sun-rifing for that Purpofe •, or fhall buy or receive the fame, or any of them, at any Time in any clandeftine manner from any Perfon or Perfons whatfo-ever, fhall, on Conviction, although the principal Felon has not been convicted of ftealing the fame, be tranfported for 14 Years.

II.	And it is like wife enaCted, That any Ju-flice of the Peace may* upon Complaint made to him upon Oath, that there is Caufe to fu* fpeCt ftolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-

metal

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	209

M rfal or Solder, is concealed in any Dwelling- Juftice to ifTue hotiP, Gut-houfe, Yard, Garden or other Place Search Wares' Places, by Wan ant under his Hand andrant*

Seal, caufe every fuch Dwelling-houfe or other place to be fearched in the Day-time ; an£j ^ j^a. and if any of the Paid Things fhall be found terials and the thereir,, to caufe the fame and the Party in Party with

whole CuPiody they fhall be found, to be Jvhom cbe ,	,	,	J	r	n-	riameare

brougiit berorc any two or more Jultices offounj to be

the react- of the fame County •, and if the carried before

ibid Pei fun or Perfons fhall not give an Ac- two Jultices,

count to the Satisfaction of fuch Jultices, how <'v’c*

he, Ine or they came by the fame, or fhall Party not

not within force convenient Time, to be fet by ^fadorhy a'

the laid Jultices, produce the Party or Parties guilty of a*

of, or bom whom he. Die or they bought or i\lildemeanor.

received the faid Goods; that then the faid

Perfon or Perfons fo offending, fhall be deemed

and adjudged guilty of a Mifdemeanor.

III.	And it is Jikewife farther enacted. That Sufpe£ed Per-every Conftable, Headborough or Tythingman, fons with any in every County, City or other Place, where they lhall be Officers, and every Beadle within Jhe Night-*1* his Ward, Parifh or Diftridf, and every Watch- time, may be man during fuch Time only as he is on his apprehended Duty, fhall and may apprehend, or caufe to Panlh Of-be apprehended, all and every Perfon or Per- wp^hmen fons who may reafonably be fufpedted of having or carrying, or any-wife conveying at any Time after Sun-fetting and before Sun-riling, any Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-metal or Solder, fuipebted to be ftolen or unlawfully come by; and the fame together with fuch Perfon or Perfons, as foon as conveniently may be, to convey or carry before any two or anjcavried more Jultices of the Peace; and if the Perfon before two P	Or	Jultices, Sic.

£ i o	Extra:! s from the Penal Laws,

or Perfons fo apprehended conveying any fuch Lead, &c. {hall not produce the Party or Parties from whom he, fire or they bought or received the fame, or fome other credible Wit-not accounting nefS5t0 ciepofe upon Oath, the Sale or Delivery ^uilt^oT'a'^ °‘: c‘ie ^ilc^ Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-liifdea^eanor. metal or Solder, or fhall not give an Account to the Satisfaction of any two or more of fuch Juflices, how he, fhe or they, came by the fame, that then the faid Perfon or Perfons fo apprehended, fhall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Mifdemeanor.

In which Ca- IW And it is enadted. That where any fe., M.ueriah Perfon or Perfons fhall be convidled of either to bedcpofiied qf the Mifderneanors aforefaid, two Juflices have Power to caufe the Goods to be depofited

v.ita Church

Wai&c

sne pumicic Notice by Advertisement and ortierwlie, to be given.

and tht proving his

m tne Hands of the Church-wardens or Gver-iVers of the Poor of the Place where they were found, or any other convenient Place, for any Time not exceeding 30 Days; and in the mean Time to order the laid Church-wardens and Oyerfecrs of the Poor, or one of them, in all and every of the Parifhes within the Bills of Mortality, to intert an Advertifement in fome publick Paper, and in every other Place to caufe Notice to be given by fome publick Cryer, and by fixing on the Church or Chapel Door Notice, drferibing fuch Goods, and where the fame fhall be io depofited, to the End that Perfons having loll fuch Lead, Iron, Copper, lir.n:, rmi-mctai or cl..ini Pm fame, or their id; half; Ami in, cafe any Perfon can prove

Solder, may come and ny reputable Perfon on

mem

oeiry to tne

laid Goods to the Satif-

Propc.-tv, 13 { Loon of any two fuch Juflices of the Peace, fghave tnem. ^ U1CI1 fuch Juflices fhall order Reftitution of

m

UCh

Extracts fi~om the Pe7ial Laws.	211

fuch Goods to the Owner or Owners thereof, after paying the reafonable Charges of removing, depofiting and giving publick Notice of the fame; and if at the End of the faid 30 Days, no Perfons fhall come and prove his, her or their Property, nor any reputable Perfon on their Behalf, to fuch Goods, the fame to be fold for the beft Price that can reafonably be had, and after deducting the Charges aforefaid, one Moiety of the Money arifing from fuch Sale to be given to the Apprehender of the Party guilty of fuch Mifdemeanor, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parifh where fuch Offence fhall be committed (if it is known) or elfe where fuch Conviction fhall be made.

V.	And it is like wife enaCted, That every Perfons to Perfon to whom any Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, whom fuch Bell-metal or Solder, fhall be brought and of- ^'^enakihaII fered to be fold, pawned or delivered, is im- be fold*0/*° powered and required (there being reafonable pawned, may Caufe to fufpeCt that fuch Goods were flolen in any f“f-or unlawfully come by) to apprehend, fecure Pe<^ed and carry before a Tuftice of the Peace (having Party ^ it in his or her Power fo to do) the Perfon or fore a junke, Perfons fo bringing or offering the fame, to- &c. gether with fuch Iron, Copper, Bell-metal or Solder, and fuch Perfons fo apprehended, fhall be dealt with, and the Goods depof-ted and difpofed of in the fame manner as if he, -he or they had been apprehended by any Peace Officer as aforefaid and if it fhall appear otherwife. up upon the Oath of any Perfon, notwithstanding on Proof of fuch Perfon was concerned in Healing the lame, ^uch reafor.-if corroborated with other credible Circum-	<ci

fiances to the Satisfaction of two juftices of ^ ^uliiy of a

the P

eace.

that there was realonabk

Caufe ro Mifoemeaocr, fu^oeCt

Per To ns con

v idled of a

212	Extra?.*	from	the Penal La-ves.

fufpebt fuch Lead, Iron, Cbpper, Brafs, Bell-metal or Solder, was ftolen or unlawfully come by, and that the Per ion or Peribns to whom it was fo brought or offered, did not (having it in his, htr or their Power ib to do) apprehend, fecure and carry before a Juitice of the Peace as a! ere laid, the Pcrfon or Ferlons who io brought or offered the fame, that then the Perfon or Perform to whom fuch Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-metal or Solder, was fo brought or offered, fhali be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Mifdemeanor.

VI.	And it is farther enabled, That every Perfon deemed and adjudged guilty of a Mif-jvliiaemeanor demeanor, in having in his, her or their Pof-

lhei^Polffon ^°n’ anY	iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-

as of the metal or Solder, fufpceled to be ftolen or unfair Materials, lawfully corne by, and not producing the Party of whom he, fhe or they bought or received the fame, nor giving a fatisfaftory Account how he, flue or they came by the lame, or in having, carrying or conveying any fuch Goods fufpected to be ftolen or unlawfully come by, and not producing the Party from whom he, ilie or they bought or received the fame, nor any credible Witncls to depofe upon Oath the Sale or Delivery thereof, nor giving a fatif-fadtory Account how he, fhe or they, came forfeit for the by the fame, (as the Cafe (hall be) fhali, for firft Offence, every fuch Mifdemeanor, forfeit for the firft Offence 4os. for the fecond 4/. and for every fubfequent Offence the Sum of 61. And that every Perfon deemed and adjudged guilty of the Mifdemeanor of neglebting to apprehend, fecure and carry before a Juftice of the Peace,

40 s. fecond Offence, 41. every other Offence, 6 I.

I bein"

ana

sruihy ot a

Mifdemeanor, the Perfon or Perfons (having it in his, her or

Sanot carrying

their



.Extrails frcm the Penal Laws,	21%

their Power fo to do) who brought or offered fafpc&ed Per-to leiJ, pawn or deliver, any Lead, Iron, (°ns before a Copper, Brads, Bell-metal or Solder, (as the L^ce, forfeit Cafe fhdl be) fufpedfed to be ftoien or unlawfully come by, fhall, for every fuch Mifde-ineanor, forleit for the fir ft Offence 2 os. for for tke the ieconct 4os. and for every fubfequent Of-Offence, 20s. fence tne Sum of 4/. the Penalty to be levied kcond Qf-by Diftrefs and Sale, and difpofed of in theIence4°s* manner before-mentioned j and in Default of fequentOC Payment of any of the laid Forfeitures, the fence, 41. faid juftices may commit fuch Offender fo Forfeitures deemed and adjudgrd guilty as aforefaid, to how to De k-the common Gaol or other Prifon or Houfe of vie<L Correction within their Juriicliction, without for Want of Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of one Month Diftrefs, Offer the firft Offence ; for the fecond Offence fendert° two Months, and for every fubfequent Offence, commute‘ 0 until fuch Offender fhali be dilcharged by Order of the Court of General or Quarter Sefhons.

VII.	And it is farther enabled. That if any Perfon being out of Prifon, Tali commit any Felony, by Healing any Lead, Iron, Copper,

Bra's, Bell-metd or Solder, and afterwards dilcover two or more Perlons who fliall Felon con-

buy or receive any fcoicn Lead, Iron, Copper, Bra is, Bell-metal or Solder, knowing the fame to be ftoien, fo ns two or more of the Perfons dilcovered fliall be convicted of fuch buying or receiving, he, file or they, fo di(covering, lhall have and be intitled to his Majelly’s molt gracious Pardon, for all fuch Felonies by him or her committed, at any Time or Times before fuch Difcovery made.

vising the Buyers or Receivers,

intitled tohb

Majeity’s

Pardon,

214	Extracts	from	the Penal Laws.

Jnd convift- VIII. And it is likewife farther enadted, ng any of a	Xhat if	any	Perfon fhall	be concerned in the

Mifdemeanor, n	J	T . T	^	nr	n

in not appre-	“paling	any	Lead, Iron,	Copper, Brafs,	Bell-

hending, &c. metal or Solder, and fhall afterwards, being Offender of- out of Prifon, difeover any Perfon, to whom fenng to fell	^ f]ie	or	they, fhall have offered to	fell,

feme^is dif- Pawn or deliver, any fuch flolen Lead, Iron, charged from Copper, Brafs, Bell-metal or Solder, fo as fuch Proiecution Perfon be convidfed of the Mifdemeanor of for fuch Fe not apprehending, fecuring and carrying him, un^*	her or them, before a Juflice as aforefaid,

that then the Perfon making fuch Difcovery, fhall not be liable to be £rofecuted for flealing the Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-metal or Solder, fo offered as aforefaid.

L. Extracts from 33 H. 8. c. 9. 2 Geo. 2. c. 28. 9 Ann. c. 14.	13	Geo. 2. c. 19.

3 8 Geo. 2. c. 34. relative to the Preven-lion of Gami?ig.

Perrons keep. I. 'THE 33 H. 8. c. 9. enafts, That no man-

ing Places for J- ner of Perfon or Perfons, of what De-unlauful gree, Quality or Condition foever he or they Games.	^ himfelf, Fadtor, Deputy, Servant, or

other Perfon, fhall for his or their Gain, Lucre or Living, keep, have, hold, occupy, exer-cife or maintain, any common Houfe, Alley or Place of Bowling, Coy ting, Clayfh-Cayls, Half-Bowl, Tennis, Dicing-Table or Carding, or any other manner of Game prohibited by any Statute heretofore made, or any unlawful

new

ExfraBs from the Venal Laws,	215

new Game now invented or made, or any other new unlawful Game hereafter to be invented* found* had or made •, on Pain of forfeiting penaiCy. for every Day keeping or fuffering the fame, contrary to the Form and Effedt of this Statute,

40 s.

Obs. It is apprehended that the above Claufe takes in every Species of Gaming carried on for Hire that is now in Ufe> or that can be invented.

II.	And alfo every Perfon ufing and haunt- Pe;£>n? haunt ing any of the faid Houles and Plays, and lng the tame.

; there playing, to forfeit for every Time fo doing, 6 s. 8 d.

III.	That it fhali be lawful for the Juftices Magnates in every Shire, Mayors, Sheriffs, Bailiffs and ^PPre^ other Head Officers, within every City, Town Game^and and Borough, as well within Liberties as punifn Of-without, to come, enter and refort into all fenders. Places where fuch Games are fufpected to be

carried on, and to imprifon the Keepers and the Perfons frequenting the fame, until, they fhali be bound by Recognizance, the Keeper no longer to ufe or keep the fame, and the Haunters no more to play, haunt or exercile any of the faid Games.

IV.	By 2 Geo. 2. c. 28. Where it fhali be 23 R-proved upon the Oath of two or more credible f^Qarnes^' Witneffes, before any Juftice of the Peace, as made more well as where fuch Juftice fhali find upon his effettaal. own View, That any Perfon or Perfons have

ufed or exerciied any unlawful Game contrary to the 33 H. 8. c. 9. the faid Juftice fhali have full Power and Authority to commit every iuch Offender to Prilon without Bail or Main-prize ; unlefs and until fuch Offender fhali .enter into one or more Recognizances, with Sureties

P 4	or

2l6

Perfons pro-

Chrilimas.

Extracts from the Venal Laws.

or without, at the Difcretion of the Juft ice, that he will not thenceforth play at or ufe any fuch unlawful Game.

Obs. r Yom the additional Power given to Ma-giflrates by this Claufe, which is very recent, it plainly appears, that the Lcg'fiaUwe ■ deemed the above Statute of H. 8. as a moji ufeful La-zo\ and that it ought to be locked upon to be in as full Force as when firfi made \ and not clfolete, as fame have endeavoured to deem it.

V.	By 33 H. 8. c. 9. No manner of Arti-hibited to play Beer or Craftfman, of any Handicraft or Oc-atunlawful cupation, Hufbandman, Apprentice, Labourer, Gamesoutor Servant at Hufbanciry, Journeyman, or Servant

of Artificer, Mariner, Fiih'ermen, Watermen or ferving Man, lliall play at the Tables, Tennis, Dice, Cards, Bowls, Clayfh, Ccyting, Logating, or any other unlawful Game out of Cbriftmason Pain of forfeiting 20s. for every Time.

VI.	By 9 Ann. c. 14. All Notes, Bills and Bonds, Judgments, Mortgages, or other Securities or Conveyances whatfoever, given, granted, drawn or entered into, or executed by any Perfon or Perfor.s, where the whole or

ming; or for any Part of the Confideration of fuch Convey-Re-payment: ances or Securities fhall be for any Money or other valuable Thing whatfoever, won by Gaming or Playing at Cards, Dice, Tables, Tennis, Bowls, or other Game or Games whatfoever; or by betting on the Sides or Hands of fuch as do Game at any of the Games aforefaid; or for the reimburfing or repaying any Money knowingly lent or advanced for fuch Gaming or Betting as aforefaid ; or lent or advanced at the Time and

Notes, Mortgages, &c. where the Coniideration is for Money won by Ga-

at fuch Gaming, &c. fhall be void.

Play to aav Per fun or Per fens lb Gaming or

Betting as afordaid, or tint fhall, during ll:ch

Play, lb play or hett, fhali be utterly void,

fruftrate, and of none Efied, to all Intents

and Purpofes whatfoever.

VII.	That any Perion, who mall at any

Time or Sitting, by claying at any Game 1 Pf L°^er , r	u , I. j	ip L may fue

whatloever, or ov lxtuny on tne bides or for t;)(, ,yonej

Hands of Ibch r1-' more Perion?, lo playing

be to any one or within thre©

whoh

th

‘7

betting.

the Months,

e Mini or v

Sue of i ol. and shall pay

Perfon may.

or deliver the fame, or any Part thereof, fhall be at Liberty to fue for the lame within three Months in any of his Majefty’s Courts •, but if and if Lofera he neglebt to do it within that Time, any other do not fue, Perion may fue for it.	&c-	any	otbef

Obs. It is apprehended. That if the I aft-mentioned Offence was to be beard and determined hi a fummary fVay, before two Ji flees of the Peace, before whom, if ary Perfon jhould be ccnvihied on the Oath of one or more credible TFiinr{jes, of winning, by playing or betting at any Game whatnot evesedh:? xol.

ever, at one hitting.

uy

Stt

nor lefs than 5 s. on Goods of cry fort to the fame Value, and of receiving the fame, to forfeit double the Sum or Value of Goods fo wen, to be levied by Difirefs and Sale one half to the Poor, the other to the Lofer, and for V ant of fufjzcient

to be committed. See.

VIII. That if any Perfon whatfoever do, or Perfons win-fhall, by any Fraud or Shift, Coufenage, Cir- ningbyFraudf cumvention. Deceit, or unlawful Device or ill &c- ab°Ye.IoI‘ Practice whatfoever, in playing at any of the forfeit five1”^* aforefaid Games •, or by bearing a Share or Part Times theVa-in the Stakes *, or by betting on the Sides or lue, Ihall be Hands of fuch as do play, win, obtain or ac- deemed

quire mQas> mi

218	Extracts from the Penal Laws.

fuffer as in quire to himfelf or others, any Sum or valua-Cales of wilful ble Thing or fhall win, at one Sitting, above Perjury. the yajue Gf IO/. fhall forfeit fi ve Times the Value of the Money, or other Thing fo won, if convicted on an Indi£tment or Information ; and in Cafe of fuch ill Practice as aforefaid, fhall be deemed infamous, and fuller fuch Corporal Punifhment as in Cafes of wilful Perjury.

Two JuSices IX. That any two Juftices may caufe to may caufe come or to be brought before them, every Perfons mam- perfon within their refpedtive Limits, whom

felvesb^Ga- ^ey	^ave	ju^	^au^e	t0	fufpe(ft	to	have

ming,	no vifible Eftate, Profeffion or Calling, to

maintain themfelves by, but do for the molt to findSureties part fupport themfelves by Gaming *, and if for their good fuch Perfon fliall not make it appear that the Behaviour, or prjncfpal Part of their Expences is not main-commit t em-rajnecf by Gaming, fuch Juftices fhall require of him or them fufficient Securities for their good Behaviour for the Space of twelve Months-, and in Default of finding Securities, to commit him or them to the common Gaol, until he or they can find fuch Securities.

Perfons fo X. That Perfons fo finding Sureties, and finding Sure- afterwards playing or betting during the Time

ties, playing for whjch they fhall be bound, at any one Sit-ior 20 s. da- «	£	^	rpi •	*	•	•	t

ringtheTime, ting> *°r any Sum or * hing exceeding in the

forfeit their ’whole the Sum or Value of 2 os. fhall be Recognizance, deemed or taken to be a Breach of his or their Behaviour, and a Forfeiture of the Recognizance given for the fame.

Affaukino-.&c. XL That in Cafe any Perfon or Perfons on Account of whatfoever, fhall affault and beat, or fhall Money won challenge or provoke to fight, any other

forfeit all his ^rfon or Perfons whatfoever, upon Account r 1 a	of

Exfra&s from the Penal Laws.	219

of any Money won by Gaming, Playing or Goods, and Betting, at any of the Games aforefaid,. Shall, be^mprifoncd being thereof conviCled upon an Indictment2 eafs* or Information, forfeit to the King all his Goods and Chattels and Perfonal Eftate whatsoever, and Shall alfo Suffer Imprisonment without Bail orMainprize during the Term of two Years.

XII.	By 13 Geo. 2. c. 19. That no Plate, No Plate to Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing, Shall runfor or be run for by any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, or be^un'fot La-ad vertifed, publifhed or proclaimed to be run der 50 i. Va-for by any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, up.lefs Iue.

Such Plate, Prize or Sum of Money, ilia 11 be of the full real and intrinfick Value of 50/.

And in Cafe any Perfon Shall enter, (tart or run any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, contrary to this ACt, he Shall forfeit 2001, or Shall make, print, publifh or proclaim any Advertifement contrary thereto. Shall forfeit icol.

XIII.	By 18 Geo. 2. c. 34. That if any Per-Perfons Jo/ing

fon fhall win or	lofe at	Play,	or by betting	at If'	ac one

any one Time,	the Sum or	Value of	10/.	or •	20	■

-I-	TT	u	c	tr 1	-	.	m 24. hours,

•within 24 Hours, the	Sum	or Value	or 20/.

he Shall be fined five Times the Value fo won

or loSh

Obs. From the infinite Pains the Legiflature has from Time to Time taken to provide good and vo hole fame Laws for the Supprejfion of Gamings it is evident that this Vice has always been looked upon as the great eft of Evils, and to be attended with the moft mifehievous Gonfeqiiences \ it therefore calls on Magif rates in a particular Manner to be careful inputting thefe good Laws in Execution, fo necefiary to preferve ti e Mere:is of the

People,

220

The Perfon advertifing a Reward for the Return of Things ftolen or loft, See.

sndthePrinter forfeit 50 i.

Perfons taking Rewards for helping to fto-J-n Goods, un-

Extracls from the Penal Lews.

People, efpecially as the Evil itftelf is even now in a flour iftloing State.

LL Extract from 25 Geo. 2. c. 36. relating to the advertifing a Reward for the Return of Things jhlen or loft, and for the re-imburfing the Profecutors of Felons.

I.	|}Y this A6t it is enabled, That any Perfon J_3 publickly advertifing a Reward with no Queftions afked, for the Return cf Idlings which have been Rolen or loft, or making Ufe of any Words in fuch pubiick Advertilement, purporting, that fuch Reward final 1 be given or paid without feizing or making Enquiry after the Perfon producing fuch Things fo ftolen or loft, or promifing or offering in any fuch pub-lick Advertifement, to return to any Pawnbroker or other Perfon, who may have bought or advanced Money by way of Loan upon fuch Things fo ftolen or loft, the Money fo paid or advanced, or any other Sum of Money or Reward for the Return of fuch Things: And any Perfon printing or publifiling fuch Adver-tifement, fliall refpeCtively forfeit 50/. for every fuch Offence.

Qbs. The Pawnbrokers having agreed to take in the Pubiick Advertifer, it is moft ufeful to advertifte Things loft or ftolen in that Paper.

II.	The 4 Geo. 1. c. 11. f. 4. enaCts, That wherever any Perfon taketh Money or Reward, direCtly or indirectly, under Pretence or Account

221

Extracts from the Penal Laws,

count of helping Perfons to any ftolen Goods Iefsthey caufe or Chattels (unlefs he doth apprehend or caufe £^e *pd°n to to be apprehended, the Felon who Pole the lame, and caufe fuch Felon to be brought to x '* Trial and give Evidence againft him) he fhall be guilty of Felony in fuch and the fame manner as if he had himfelf ftolen fuch Goods or Chattels.

III.	And it is further enabled, That it fhall In Profeca-and may be in the Power of the Court before tJons f°r Fe* whom any Perfon has been tried and convicted C<Jurt

r	/-	\	o • i	*	tp |	may make

or any Grand or retie larceny, or other Felony, Orders for

at the Prayer of the Profecutor, and on Confi- Payment of

deration of his Circumftances, to order the the Profecu-*

\ Treafurer of the County in which the Offencetor sExPences*

i fhall have been committed, to pay unto fuch

I* Profecutor fuch Sum of Money as to the faid

Court fhall feem reafonable, not exceeding

theExpences which it fhall appear to the Court,

the Profecutor was put unto in carrying on fuch

Profecution, making him a reafonable Allow- clerk’s Fee

i free for his Time and Trouble therein s which for fuchOrder. - t J I Order the Clerk of AfOze, or Clerk of the

j Peace refpedlively, is hereby directed and re-[ quired forthwith to make out and to deliver 1 unto fuch Profecutor, upon being paid for the | fame the Sum of is. and no more. And the County Trea-j Treafurer cf the County is hereby authorized farer to pay ; and required, upon Sight of fuch Order, forth- tlie 0l<^er*

: with to pay to fuch Profecutor, or other Perfon authorized to receive the fame, fuch Sum of Money as aforefaid, and fhall be allowed the fame in his Accounts.

Obs. i. All Profecutors whofe Circumf ances in-title them to the above Relief fhould take Care to

apply

222

Ext rafts from the Penal Laws.

apply to the Court for it, the Moment the Trial is over.

Directions fur Obs.2. Bills of Indictment for Felony in the fheprofecu- County of Middlefex, are preferred before the lenf.° Grand Jury at Hicks’s Hall in St. John’s Street, where there are two Clerks, viz. Mr. Higgs and Mr. Mafon, who are appointed to draw the fame. Mr. Higgs draws the Indictments agahift fuch Felons whofe Name or Names begin with any Fetter in the Alphabet from A to M, and Mr. Mafon draws thofe againft fuch whofe Names begin with any Fetter in the remaining Fart of the Alphabet; and Profecutors for Felony Jhould endeavour, if pojfble, to be at Hicks’s Hall on the Tuefday Morning in the Sejfwns JVeek, and take with them their Wit-v.effes \ and it will always fave their Lime, if they carry with them in Writing, the Name or Names of the Prifoner or Prifoners, with the Names of the Witneffes, and an Account of the Things ftoleUy and the Time when ; which they mu ft' give to the Clerk of the Indictments, agreeable to the above Rule of the Alphabet, and if the Pill be there found a true Billy they muft immediately attend the Old Baily, where the Offender will be tried *, and if the Offence is committed in the City of London, the Profecutor muft prefer his Bill of Indictment at the Old Baily, and apply to Mr. Ford.

Extracts from the Venal Laws.

223

LI I. Extracts from the Laws relating to Hawkers and Pedlars,

1.0 Y 9	3-	2	7- Evei7 Hawker, Hawkers,

I J Pedlar, Petty-Chapman, or any other Pedlars, &c. trading Perfon going from Town to Town, or to pay 41. per to other Men’s Houfcs, and trading either on Ann*

Foot or with Horfes or ocherwife, carrying to fell or expofing to Sale, any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, fhall pay a Duty of 4/. for each Year. And every Perfon fo travelling and travelling with a Horfe, Afs or Mule, or other Beaft, with a Horfe, bearing or drawing Burden, fhail pay the Sum &c* 4 h more, of 4/. for each Year, over and above the fir ft-mentioned Duty of 4/.

II.	If any fuch Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Penalty on Chapman, be found trading as aforefaid, with- Hawkers, &c. cut or contrary to fuch Licence, he fhall for tradlilSWlth* every Offence forfeit 12/. one Moiety to theout -Informer, the other to the Poor. And if any

ihch Perfon fo trading, upon Demand made hy any juftice. Mayor, Conftable or other Officer of the Peace, fhall refufe to produce or refilling to and fhew his Licence for fo trading, he Ilia] 1 produce the forfeit 5/. to the Churchwardens of the Pa-fame-ii.h where fuch Demand fhall be made, for -ne Ufe of the Poor; and for Non-payment shall fuffer as a common Vagrant, and be committed to the Houfe of Correction.

III.	Any Perfon whatfoever may feize and Hawke:s nay detain any fuch Hawker, &c. till he fhall be detained produce a Licence in that Behalf; and if he [l!i

nail be found trading without a Licence, for anu

or flie may givewiu.u

be proriuc-i

inch reafonal

t>

Time as

Not it

urn, P:

224	,	Extracts	from the Eennl Laws-,

to be levied by Notice to fome Peace or Parifh Officer, who Difoeis and js require(] to carry fuch Perfon before fome 2 e'	Juft	ice	of the Peace ; and if it fhall appear to

the faid Juftice, that the laid Hawker, Qc. had traded without a Licence, he may caufe the aforefaid Sum of 12/.'to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, Wares and Merchandizes.

Persons forging or counterfeiting Licence.

Not prodli cing Licence.

IV.	If any Perfon fhall forge or counterfeit any Licence, or travel with fuch forged or counterfeited Licence, for the Purpofes aforefaid, he fhall forfeit 50/.

V.	That every Perfon, who, being actually trading as an Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman, fhall not, upon Demand, have his Licence ready to be produced, fhall be adjudged to forfeit, as if he had traded without a Licence : And if any Perfon fhall lend or let out his Licence, fuch Perfon, and the Perfon trading under Colour of the fame, fhall either of them forfeit the Sum of 40/. and the Perfon fo lending or letting out to Hire fuch Licence, fhall alfo forfeit the fame. 3 eft 4 Ann. c. 4.

f-4-

Negleft of	VI. if any Conftable, Headborough or other

Officers. Officer, fhall refufe or negledl, upon due Notice, or on his own View, to be aiding and a (lifting in the Execution of this Adi, and be thereof convidted by the Oath of one Witnefs. 9 £ft 10 TV. 3.

Any Perfon VII. Any Perfon who (hall fell, hawk, carry may appre- about, utter or expofe to Sale, any News Paper,

LendHawkers or a Book, Pamphlet or Paoer, deemed or of Unltampt n/j s A n A	.	,T

NewsPapers; conftrued to be a News Paper, within the Intention and Meaning of any of the Adis of Parliament, relating to the Stamp Duties now

Lxtra&s from the Penal Laws.	22	y

in Farce* not being ftampt or marked, and be thereof canvi&ed by the Oath of one Witnefs before one Juftice, fhall be committed to the Houfe of Correction for any Time not exceeding three Months ; and any Perfon may feize, an..j mrlTr r„_ apprehend and carry any fuch Offender before ce:ve a Re-a Juftice of the Peace ; and on producing a ward of 20 ?, Certificate of fuch Conviction from fuch Ju- jcvpy ftice, (bail be intitled to a Reward of 20 to	''on<

be paid by the Receiver General of his Ma-jeffy’s Stamp Duties.

CAUTIONS to Shopkeepers and Pradef men in generaly and to their journeymen^ Apprentices, Errand Boys and Porters 3 and to Book-keepers, In ?i keepers, &c.

'ISFORTUNES and Diftreffes have been obferved to have very different Effects according to the Dilpofition of the Party on whom they fall: When well-difpoied Perions are afflicted, it is apt to make them mild, humble, grateful and refigned ; but when the Malevolent meet with Difficulties, it generally makes them envious, impatient, malicious and repining. Neceffity, they fay, is the Mother of Invention ; and when that a hies rather from Accident than Extravagance, the Invention is generally employed in what is uieful to Mankind, and its Productions deferve the Name of Ingenuity; bur when the Necdiity ariics from extravagant Debaucheries, the Invention is then racked to the Injury of Mankind, to obtain

226

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

their Property, as ’Fuel for their own Profufe-nefs. The Produce of this Species of Invention is what I call Fraud ; and Excelling in this fort of Deceit is what conflitutes the Chara&er of a Gambler, whofe various Devices are the Subject of what follows :

Doubtlefs there are Gamblers in every Rank of Life, as well as Gamefters: As to thofe who trick you out of your Knowledge, by what they commonly call Sucking your Brains, or out of your Reputation, your Wife or your Daughter, under the fpecious Pretence of Friendlhip, they are out of the Reach of the Law. The greater the Capacity of a Gambler, the more dangerous he is to Society, as his Abilities and Refolution enable him to execute i p-reat and deftrudtive Schemes, while thofe of i a lower Rank content themfelves with fmaller j Acquisitions. But in Order to convey a juft j Idea of this Animal, I fhall endeavour to fhew j him in ail the different Spheres in which he | exerts his Ingenuity, from the lowed: to the j hisheic.	i

A Pickpocket, though a Felon, feems to be in the lowed Clals of Gamblers; but his Suc-ctfs rather arifes from the Dexterity of his Hands, than the Contrivance of his Head ; and like Rats and other fuch Vermin, they appear ; rather to take the Advantage of your Negligence and Inattention, than to contend with your Undemanding. The ffrd and lowed: Oafs of Gamblers then, who would cheat you with your Eyes open, arc thofe who invite you to prick in the Belt or Garter for a Wager; and the Certainty of Winning at this Grt of Liverlion appears fo clear to the Novice, that

he

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	227

he never fails to bite, if he be a proper Object.

And here I mufl premife, that thefe Gamblers are fuch exquifite Judges of their Prey, that they feldom fail of Succefs.

The next Clafs are thofe who find a Paper full of Gold Rings, which they" take Care to pick up in the Sight of a proper Gbjecft, whofe Opinion they afk. This Set appear very mean, which gives them an Opportunity of faying they had rather have found a good Piece ot Bread and Cheefe, for that he had net broke his Fait for a whole Day; then willies the Gentleman would give him fomething for them, that he might buy himfelf a Pair of Shoes, a Coat,

GtV. The Cull immediately bites, and thinking to make a cheap Purchafe of an ignorant Fellow, gives him 20 j. for four or five Brafs Rings wafhed over; or what is more frequent, and yet more fuccefsful, is the Picking-up of a Shilling or a Half-Crown, before the Face of a Countryman, whofe Opinion of it is immediately afked whether it be Silver or not, and he is invited to {bare the Finder’s Good-luck in a Glafs or Wine or a Pot of Ale, The harmlefs Countryman, pieafed at fuch an Invitation in a ftrange Place, is carried to an Aie-houfe, where the Sharper’s Friends are waiting for him, and where cutting or playing at Caros is foon propofed, and the Countryman met! certainly tricked out of all his Money, Watch and every Thing valuable he has about him.

The next Set attend at Inns; and as Porters are intruded to carry Boxes and Parcels that come from the Country, the Gambler takes Notice of the Directions and fends his Comrade immediately to the Houle, where he waits

22 $	"Extracts from the Penal Laws.

For the Arrival of the Porter; mees him within a few Doors of the Houfe, or if the Door be fhut, he ftands on the Steps, and begins immediately to abufe the Porter for his Delay; damns him, and tells him he was juft coming for it; that he had a great Mind to give him nothing: The Porter afks Pardon, the Gambler pays him and takes Pofleffion of the Goods, with which he decamps the Inftant the Porter’s Back is turned* And as Tradefmen generally employ Country Fellows for Porters in their Houles, two or three of thefe Gamblers are generally waiting at the Corner of the Streets near fome of the great Inns; and if they hear one of the Porters, charged with a Box or Bundle, afk his Way to the Inn, one of them fteps up to him very civilly, tells him that he is going that Way, and will Ihew him the Houfe. The Countryman implicitly follows his Guide, whilft the Gambler’s Comrade takes the Hint, marches before and plants himfelf at fome convenient Pafiage, puts his Flat into his Pocket, and flicks a Pen in his Wig to repre-fent a Book-keeper; the Guide acquaints the Countryman, that that is the Book-keeper of the Inn, who immediately lays down his Burthen, and the Book-keeper defires him to go over the Way to his Wife for the Key of the Ware-houfe, and in the mean Time the two Gamblers march off with the Goods.

The next Clafs ufe the following Stratagem : Gne of them goes in the Drefs of a Footman, and defires fome Tradefman to carry Goods to his Matter, which are generally lent by the Journeyman, who is carried into a Parlour hired for that Purpofe by the Footman, who

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

tells him that he will carry the Goods'up to his Mailer, and will bring down an Account of what he chufes ; but the Moment he has got Pofleflion of the Goods, he fhuts the Parlour Door, and marches out of the PalTage; or if the Mailer has a Mind to afiiil the Servant, he fends the Tradefman back for other forts; but before he returns, makes off with what he has. Servants, who have lived with Taylors, Mantua-makers, Milliners, and other Trades that fend frequently to the Shops, have, when they have been difcharged, gone in the Name of their Mailers and Miftreffes to the faid Shops, and taken up great Quantities of Goods, in which they have fucceeded the eafier from their being known to the Shopkeeper. Might it not then be ufeful to give Notice to the Shopkeepers ufed by the faid Trades-people of their Difcharge of fuch a Servant ?

There is another Set who defraud Tradefmen by taking on themfelves falfe Names, and by pretending to be related to, or connected with, lome Perfons of Credit and Fafhion, and produce falfe Letters to prove their Intimacy. Some of thefe Gamblers attend moil of the Fairs in the Country, where they make it their Bufinefs to enquire at Inns who ferves them with their Wines and Brandies from London and fifh out of Shopkeepers the Names of the Tradefmen here who fupply them with Goods. Furnifhed with this Knowledge, they come to London, and one Day appearing in the Character of a Country Inn-keeper, they go to the Difliller, whole Name they have learned, telling him he has taken an Inn in fuch a Country ^ that he was recommended to him

0,3	by

3°

Extracts from the 'Penal Laws.

by one of his Cuftomcrs, whofe Name he tells him, and deferibes his Houle and Family. The Diftiiler’s Suipicion being lulled alleep by this Stratagem, he chearfully lupplies his new Cuftomer with fome of his bell Goods, and fends them to fome appointed Inn in Town, from whence they are conveyed by the Gambler and converted into Cafh, by felling them as Run Goods for half Price. The very fame Scheme is pradtifed on Grocers and other Shopkeepers, only by changing their Charabier into that of a Country Shopkeeper: k is immaterial to them what Goods they purchafe. A Gambler the other Day bought of a Farmer ten Ton of Potatoes, to be delivered one Ton at a Time, and when rwo Ton were delivered, they were to be paid for-, but when the ftcond Ton came, the Gambler difappeared, and had not the Farmer been a Man of Spirit, he would have loll his Property, but landing himfelf defrauded, he took Poffefiion of the Gambler’s Warthoufe, and refeued his Goods out of his Hands.

There is another Set of Gamblers, commonly called Duffers, who attend at Charing-crofs, at St. Clemen?s-church, and Ludga-te-hill,, and invite you to go down fome Alley, and buy fome cheap India Handkerchiefs and Waifccoats but this Cheat growing ftale, they life another Method, which of late has been very fuccefsful: They apply themfelvesto fome young Publican to borrow 20 or 30/. to make up a Sum, and to fhew they do not want Money in general, they produce a large Purfe well crammed with Counters and Brafs Medals, which they give the Publican a diftant View of,

that

231

Extracts from the 'Penal Laws.

that he may take it for Money; they then produce fome Silk Waiflcoats embroidered with Tinfel, which if not ftrictly examined, may pafs for Silver; thefe Waiflcoats they propofe with other India Goods made in Spital-fields, to leave in the Hands of the Publican or his Wife, as a Security for the Money they want, who, ignorant of the Value of the faid Goods, generally fall into their Trap.

The following Stratagem has been of late very fuccefsful. The Gambler goes to a Shop, and with great Coolnefs and Compofure, looks over many Goods, deals hard, calls hinrfelf a ready-money Cuftomer, and expebls for that Realon to buy cheaper; the Goods being pitched on and their Price fixed, he orders them to be packed up with a Bill and Receipt, and to be fent to his Houfe in about an Flour, where he promifes to be and to pay for them. Sufpicion being thus removed, the Porter carries the Goods, but the Gentleman is not come home, though the Wife is there, ready to receive all that comes, and who generally by Artifice baffles the Porter, and gets PoiTcflion of the Goods. The Tradefman calls Time after Time, but the Gentleman is not at Home, and the Truth is, he lodges at fome diftanr Part of the Town, and makes Ufe of this Houfe only as a Warehoufe, to depofit fuch Goods as he can obtain by Fraud from Tradefmen.

In the Cafes of fuch ready-money Cuflomers

as thefe, Porters fhould be directed not to leave the Goods till they have received the Money for them, on Pain of paying for them them Selves. The hio-hefu Rank of Cheats who attack the

O	%

nderftanding, have made Ufe of the fob

T T

tJ

lo-



Extracts front the 'Penal Ltiws.

lowing Stratagems : One of the Gang, who is happieft in his Perfon, and has the beft. Ad-dr els, is pitched upon to take a Houfe, Which, by Means of the extreme good Character given of him by his Comrades to the Landlord, is foon accomplifhed. The next Confideration is

to furnilh it, when Mr. •----------,	a	young

Ironmonger iufc fet up, is pitched upon to provide the’Squire’s Grates; who, glad of lb line an Order, foon ornaments his Chimnies with thofe of the neweft Fafhion. This being done, Mr. <------- ,	the	Upholder, is imme-

diately applied to for other Furniture, and is brought to the Houfe in Order that he may fee the Grates, which he no fooner beholds, than he tells his Honour that he could have furniihed him iikewife with Giates of the beft Kind, at the molt reafonable Rates; to which ’Squire Gambler replies, that he intends taking fome little Villa in the Country, where Mr.

*------  fhall	fur	nidi every Thing he can. The

Houfe being now compieatlv furniihed, the ’Squire dreffes himfelf in his Morning Gown, Velvet Cap, and red Morocco Slippers, puts one or more of his Comrades into Livery, then fends lor Taylor, Linnen-draper, Silverfmith, Jeweller, OV. takes upon him the Character of a Merchant, and by getting Credit of one, by pawning the Goods the Moment he has got them, he is enabled to pay ready Money to others ; by which Means he extends his Credit and increafes Ids Orders till he is detected ; winch fomeilmes does not happen till he has •defrauded Tiudehnen to a very confiderable Wine. Nay, 1 have known them fometimes carry their Scheme fo far, as to fix one of their

Comrades

"Extracts from the Eenal Laws.

Comrades at fome Rendezvous in Wapping, in the Character of a Captain of a Veffel lying ae fueh Stairs, and bound to fome of the American Plantations, by which Means the aforefaid Merchant procures Goods to be fent aboard ; and as his Credit advances, he makes Ufe of Draughts, which are conftantly accepted by his Comrades, who haye conftantly changed their Lodgings when the faid Draughts have become due.

There is a Sett of Sharpers, who have lately' purchafed feveral Eftates without Money, in the following Manner: They make a Bargain with the Seller or his Agent for the Eftate, in Confequence of which they draw Articles of Agreement, by which they oblige themfelves to pay the Pur chafe Money at luch a Time, and give a Bond for the Performance of Covenants: They then immediately go to the Tenant, to fnew him the xArticles of Agreement, and tell him that he will foon have a new Landlord ; upon which the Farmer begins to complain of the old one, and hopes his Honour will repair this, rebuild that, and alter fomething elfe, which the new Landlord promifes to do. Credit being thus gained with the Tenant, the new Landlord falls in Love, perhaps, with the Farmer’s Daughter, or with a fine Horfe, or elfe borrows Money of him, and gives him a Draught upon his Banker in Town, who fe.ldom has any Cafh in Hand, and often is not to be found.

There are a Sett of Cheats, who conftantly attend at Inns, to which Coaches and Waggons come-, and if any Baikets, Bundles or Portmanteaus, are put into Hackney Coaches, or fent from thence by Porters, they immediately follow them, and take the fir ft Opportunity of

2 24	Ext raffs from the Penal Laws,

getting them into their Polfeffion, either by fending the Porter on fome Melfage, for a Bottle of Wine, &c. pretending to take Care of their Goods the while, or elfe by following them to the Door where they are going, and pretending to be the Servant of the Ploufe, or by fome fuch Trick. At other Times they walk up and down in Inn Yards, in the Dufk of the Evening, at a Diftance from the Warehoufe; and if any Porter or Apprentice brings a Parcel, and enquires for the Book-keeper, his Hat in a Minute is whipt into his Pocket, and a Pen in his Mouth : The Porter is fent into the Tap-houfe of fome Melfage, and the Sharper efcapes. Sometimes they go into a Publick-houfe, and defire them to fend a Gallon of Beer to fome Neighbour, whofe Name they have enquired, and to bring Change for a Guinea, which is generally fent by the Maid or fome little Boy. The Sharper takes Care to meet the Boy in the Way, receives the Change and Beer, fends him back for a Pipe, and then makes oft. Thefe Sharpers likewife, fometimes, take Portmanteaus from behind Stage-Coaches, when there are no outfide Paffengers, out of the Tails of Waggons, or from behind Poft-Chaifes, or out of Shops in the Evenings, where Goods lie near the Window, or out of Shew-Glafles, by breaking the Glalfes. To prevent fome of thefe Evils, the following Cautions would be ufeful ; fir ft, for Book-keepers and Inn-keepers to keep their Yards clear from loitering Fellows, and to caution their Porters not to deliver Goods at the Outfide of the Door of any Houfe„to which they are fent: To caution the Waggoners and Stage Coachman

ExtraLs from the Penal Laws.	235

men to watch their Coaches and Waggons off the Stones; Shop-keepers fhould remove Goods from their Windows or Shew-Glaftes, early in the Evening, and to fix a Bell at their Shop-door at that Time : To direct their Porters, Apprentices and Errand-Boys, when fent with Parcels, to be cautious of afking their Way-in the Streets, but at Hcufes or Shops 5 or of entering into any Converlation with Strangers *, or to carry Meffages for them, always to deliver the Goods in the Infide of a Warehoufe or Inn, or the Infide of a Houfe whither they are fent to: Sometimes thefe Sharpers, when Families are out of Town, carry fome old infignificant Books to the Servant, and tell them they are come for the fecond Suhfcription •, which, if they do not pay now, their Maker or Lady-will never have their Books; by -which they obtain of fome a Guinea, and fome lels*, or elfe they find out the Servant’s Name and Country; come and tell them there lies a Parcel at fome Inn, directed for them till called for, demand the Money for Carriage, and then give them a Note to fetch the Goods *, or elfe they watch the Maker out, and come as a Waiter from a Cokee-houfe, to fetch their Maker’s Great Coat, or elfe as a Taylor’s Apprentice or Journeyman, to fetch a Suit of Cloaths to alter. Some of thefe Sharpers make it their Bufinefs to deceive young Women, and obtain their Money and Cloaths, under Pretence of marrying them, by which lafc Stratagem many young Women have loft their Places, their little Money, and all their Apparel.

A new

ExtraFls from the Venal Laws.

A new Species of Cheat has lately been pradtifed by a Gambler and his Gang, who* to my Knowledge, have praclikd every other with Impunity, and is what follows : The Head of the Party calls himfeif a Coal-Merchant, in which Character he applies to fome Tradef-man to buy Goods in his Way; tells him he is out of Cafb, but if he chufes, will pay him in Coals, of which he is rather over-flocked. The Tradefman approving of this, the Gambler goes down to fome Wharf, and orders one or more Chaldron of Coals to be delivered at that Tradefman’s Houfe for his Ufe. Thus far for the Gambler who attacks the Underftanding.

I Hi all now mention a Set of Cheats who make a Dupe of the Heart, and impofe on the Benevolence and Companion of the Charitable; thefe are called Sky-Farmers, and execute their Schemes in the following; Manner: One of them dr dies himfeif extremely genteel, and takes upon himfllf either the Character of a private Gentleman cr reputable Tradefman. He is attended by two Men in the ( haradler of Country Farmers, with clumfey Boots, Horfe-man’s Coats, &c. The Objedls pitched upon for Impofition, are good old charitable Ladies, to whom'the Sollicitor tells a dreadful Story of Lodes by Fire, Inundation, &c. to the utter Ruin of thefe two poor Farmers and all their Families ; their Wives are big with Child, their Children down in the Small-Pox, &c. A Book is then produced by the Sollicitor, who undertakes this difagreeable Office purely out of Good-Nature, knowing the Story to be true, in this Book are the Names of feveral of the Nobility and Gentry fet down by himfeif, who

have

ExtraBs from the Fenal Laws,

have contributed to this Charity *, and by fetting out with falfe Names, they at length get real ones, which are of great Service to them in carrying on their Frauds and well-difpofed Perfons are daily impofed upon by falfe Appearances of Diftrefs. There are Perfons in this Town who get a very good Livelihood by-writing Letters and Petitions of this Stamp, with which thcfe Noblemen and Gentlemen, who are diftinguifhed for their Generofity and Benevolence, are conftantly tormented, and thele Wretches often obtain Relief for their falfe Diflreffes, whilft the really miferable fuffer, from their Modefty, the acuteft Afflictions. A Woman fluffed up as if fhe was ready to lye-in, with two or three borrowed Children, and a Letter giving an Account of her Hufband’s falling off a Scaffold and breaking his Limbs, or being drowned at Sea, &c. is an irrefiftable Objedt.

Laftly, The following Cautions to Inns and Livery-Stables may not be ufelefs *, it is become a Trick for a Man to hire a Horle at one Place, and at his Return to London to put him up at another as his own, and to borrow Money at that Place, and then give Notice to the Owner of the Horfe where he is.

As Perfons coming to London in a Stage-Coach from a Diftance, are defirous of getting into a Hackney-Coach as foon as they can, they flop at the firft Stand, which is generally near fome Inn *, here the Sharpers attend, and by their pretending to be Porters, or by other Stratagems, frequently rob the Paffengers of their Box or portmanteau; who being eager to

2 3$	Extracts from the Penal Pantos.

and truft too much to the Care of the Coachman. Thefe fort of Sharpers alfo attend the unloading of Road Waggons, where Quantities of Goods are put into a Cart to be difperfed about Town ; this Cart they follow till they have an Opportunity of taking Something out of it, while the Carter or Porter is making fome Enquiry ; a Man riding in thefe Carts would prevent thefe Robberies. Fattening Portmanteaus behind Poft-Chaifes with Chains inftead of Straps, will preferve them •, and Stable-keepers not letting their Saddle-Horfes to Strangers, unlefs they bring fome Perfons with them known to the Stable-keeper, will prevent many Highway Robberies.

^ PLAN for the further Prevention cf Frauds and Felonies committed on Fradtj-men and Shop-keepers.

S Shop-keepers are more Subject to the Jd\ Inroads of Cheats and Thieves than other perfons, from the Necefiity they are under of exposing their Goods in a pubiick Manner : and as the Expence and Lofs of Time in Tro-feoutions, added to the Lofs of their Goochs deters many from bringing inch Offenders to Juftice, by which Lenity they are encouraged to continue their villainous Practices, to the Injury of Trade, it is apprehended that an Affociation of Tradefroen and Shop-keepers, under the following Reffricticns, will, by rendering the Detection and Pimiihmcnt of the

Extracts from the Venal Law's.

laid Offenders more eafy, be a great Security to Property, and deter evil-difpofed People from fixing on Shop-keepers as the Objeds of their Prey. Experience has proved the great Utility of the Subfcription among the Merchants, for the preventing of Robberies on the Keys out of Ships, Lighters, &c. The Sub-fcriptions among the Nobility and Gentry for the Prefervation of the Game, has alfo proved that the united Endeavours of many, when formed into a Body, by leffening the Expence of each Individual, is more likely to fupprefs a publick Evil, than each Man ading for him-felf; it is therefore propofed, That as many Tradefmen and Shop-keepers, as fhall approve of this Plan, fhall form themfelves into a Society, by the Name and Title of A Society for the Security of Trader by bringing Cheats and Felons to Jufiice.

I.	That out of the Society three Perfons be chofe as Treafurers, to whom all Subfcriptions fhall be paid once a Month by the Secretary.

II.	That the Secretary keep a Book at his Eloufe for the Entry of the Names and Subfcriptions, as they are paid in.

III.	That out of the Lift of the Society, the Names of twelve Perfons fhall be taken according to their Seniority, the three firift of which (hall be the Treafurers, as a Committee; this Committee to laft tor a Year, and to execute the Bufintfs of the Society for that Year.

IV.	That this Committee fhall meet once a Month, when they fhall be a trended by the Solicitor of the Society, who fhall alio be their Secretary; who fhall then and there make

Extracts from the Eeml haws,

port to them of all Perfons in Cuftody for Fraud or Felony committed on any Member of the Society, and take their Directions for the Profecution.

V.	That the Solicitor (hall be impowered to difburfe fuch Money for the purfuing or ad-vertifing fuch Offenders before they are taken, as the Magiftrate fhall direCt; and that no Bill of this Kind fhall be paid the faid Solicitor, unlefs figned by the Magiftrate.

VI.	That the Money fublcribed fhall be paid into a Banker’s Hand, or into the Bank, from whence no Part of it fhall be taken, but by a Draught figned By the three Perfons appointed Treafurers for the Time being *, but the Solicitor fhall always have 20/. in his Hands for immediate Ufe, to be accounted for.

VII.	That the Committee fhall meet once a Month, and be allowed 1 s. each for their Ex-pence*, and that any Member of the Society may be prefent at the fame Committee, but they fhali not be allowed any Thing for their Expence, nor have any Vote in the .Bufinefs going forward, and not lefs than five of the Committee to be a Board.

VIII.	The Chairmen of the faid Committee fhali take it by Turns according to their Seniority, as they (land on the Lift of Subfcri-bers *, and the Day before the Meeting of fuch Committee, the Solicitor fhall fend Notice to the twelve Members, and acquaint them whofe Turn it is to be in the Chair.

IX.	That a Regifter of the Profecutions carried on by the faid Society, fhall be kept by the Secretary, containing a ftiort Abftraa of every Cafe, fubjebt to the Examination of

241

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

every Member of the Society ; and that no A<5t or Order fhail be put in Execution without the Confent of the Majority of the Committee.

X.	That any Member of the Society, attended by the Solicitor, fhail always be inti -tied to Mr. Fielding9s Opinion, gratis, on any Cafe relating to the faid Society. No Perfon to be benefited by the Society that is not a Subfcriber, or who fhail defer the Payment of their fecond or any fubfequent Subfcription, more than a Month after it is due.

XI.	That twice a Year, as many of the Society as think proper to attend, be called together by Means of an Advertifement put in the Paper a Week before the Day of the Meeting, in Order to hear the Tranfaftions of the Society, together with the Bills of Prole -cution, read over; at which Times only, new Laws for the Government of the Society (hall be propofed and confirmed by the Confent of the Majority of the Members then prefent.

XII.	And that a Fortnight before the lath Meeting in the Year, the Perfons who are to fucceed as Treafurers and Committee, fhail have Notice of the lame; and if any of them do not choofe to be of the Committee, that they immediately declare it to the Secretary, who fhail fummons others in their room, in Order to make up the Number twelve.

XIII.	That the annual Subfcription be Five Shillings.

Was a Plan of this fort once begun, much more perfect Rules for its Regulation

R	than

242

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

than the above might be made *, thefe being Only thrown out to be improved by others.

RULES propofed by John Fielding, Efq-y and nnammonfy afjented to by a feleEl Body of Pawnbrokers, in the Tear 1758, for their future Objervance, as a farther Prevention op Frauds and Felonies.

I. Q O M E one publick News-Paper to be O fixed on by them, to be taken in, and publick Notice to be given of the fame. This will fave Expences to the Pawnbrokers of different Papers, and fhew the Publick where to adveriife Things loft, ftolen or fraudulently obtained •, the Publick Advertifer was then fixed on to be the Paper taken in.

II.	A correct Lift of the Pawnbrokers Names and Places of Abode to be given to Mr. Fielding, that Hand-Bills may be fent; which, as they make no Noife, may often detedf in Cafes of Confequence. Thefe Bills may be numbered, fo that if any Pawnbroker finds himfelf negledted by their not being brought regularly, he may complain to that Magiftrate.

III.	It would be ufeful to diftinguifti the Time of Day in which every Pledge is received, Ex. Gr. for the Morning write M. for the Afternoon A. for this may often prove material Evidence.

IV.

Exfradls from the Penal Laws.

IV.	To advertife at the Pawnbrokers Expence, the Claufes relating to the Punilhment of Perfons pawning Goods without the Con-fent of the Owners; and the Pawnbrokers Power of flopping Perfons fufpedted with Impunity.

V.	Pawnbrokers to (hut up Shop at Nine, from Michaelmas to Lady Day \ and at Ten from Lady Day to Michaelmas, Saturday excepted ; and to exclude them from their felect Society, that will not comply therewith.

VI.	This felect Body to ufe their bell Endeavours to convict Offenders againfl the Sabbath ; and likewife to convict Perfons offending againfl the late A61 of Parliament, in not making proper Enquiries, and l'uch Entries in their Books as is thereby required. This vi-goroufly executed, will deflroy Petty Pawnbrokers' who keep Chandiers-fhops and Ale-houfes; by whom it has been too common for flolen Goods to be received.

VII.	To take nothing in of a flrange Mef-

r	O	o

fenger, that may not be fuppofed to be their own, unlefs you take down the Name of the real Owner, their Place of Abode, ILc. and in Pledges of Confeauence, fuch as Plate, Jewels, &c. to fend to the Owner.

VIII.	To keep a Book on Purpofe for Watches, in winch all Watches advertifed to be loft or flolen, fhould be entered.

IX.	To take no Goods whacfoever of any Soldier in his Regimentals.

X.	No Perfon to be admitted a Member of the felect Body, who has not ferved a regular Apprenticefhip to the Bufmefs, unlefs ballotted in by the Society.

Rz

XL

244	Extracts	from the Penal Laws.

XI.	Never to fend a Boy before a Magi-ftrate or Court of Juftice, when the Mailer can attend and give the fame Evidence.

XII.	To be particularly careful in receiving Piece Goods ; as an Error or Miftake of that Kind may bring a ftronger Imputation.

XIII.	To receive no Pledges from Children unlefs their Parents or Mailers or Miftreffes are well known to the Pawnbroker, and in general to avoid fo doing as much as pofiible.

XIV.	Great Care fhould be taken to keep Books with the utmoft Regularity, as they may come under the Cognizance of the Magistrates.

XV.	That every Member of the Society fhould have the Name of the neareft Conftable to him*, and that his Servants fhould know the fame, and to have a By-word to his Servants to go for the Conftable.

[ 245 ]

A

TREATISE

ON THE

OFFICE of Constable. * *

To the High Conjiables and Petit Conflables of the County of Middle-fex and City and Liberty of Weft-minfter.

Gentlemen,

* gT"^ H E late Henry Fielding, who for fome 9 Time executed the important Office JIL of principal aCting Magiftrate for the County of Middlefex and City and Liberty of U^eftminfter^ fo much to his own Honour and fo much to the Advantage of his Country, obferving from daily Experience the great Difficulties and Dangers to which the Peace Officers were expofed in the Execution of their Office, either from the defperate Behaviour of Felons, the Cunning of Cheats, or what is worfe than both, the Attacks of litigious Perfons under the Influence and Directions of R 3	the

A \Treat ife on the Office of Co? ft able.

the lowed of Attornies, who are ready on all Occafions to point out any Irregularity committed by a Peace Officer, and to make their Advantage of it, to the Injury, nay, often to the Ruin of the Officer, refolved to draw up and publiffi a plain and complete Account of the Office of Conftable, which he begun, but by a lingering Illnefs, which put a Period to his valuable Life, he was prevented from perfecting this ufeful Work; and as leveral Conftables have of late fubjedted themlelves to Profecutions from Errors in their Judgment, I have carefully colledted and reviled the Obfervations found among my Brother’s Manufcripts on this Subject, and have made fuch Additions as may poffibly render the Work more ufeful, though I am far from offering it to the Publick as a perfect Treatife; yet if it fhould be the Means in any Refpedl of rendering the Office of Conftable more eafy and intelligible, or of preventing either Trouble to, or the Profecution of any Peace Officer, it will fully anfwer my Purpofe ; for though I am fenfible there are already very ufeful Tradts of this fort, yet I think they cannot have too many Guides to diredt them, provided they are fo perfedt as not to miflead, as their Office is only for a Year, a Time much too fhort for them to be thoroughly acquainted with the Nature of their Duty. And here I mull beg Leave to put thofe Gentlemen, who have the Honour to be chofen into this important Office, in Mind of the Dignity and Confequence of their Station ; for if the feve-ral Pligh Conftables are adtive, diligent and attentive in their Duty, carefully iaftrudl, and

A Treatife on the Office of Conftable.

live in Harmony with the Petit Conftables, Peace and good Order mud enfue in this Metropolis. Conftables are feledted from the Inhabitants as able and reputable Men to execute this Truft, which is not repofed in them, without their being firft bound by a fo-lemn Oath well and truly to ferve the Lid Office, which though troublefome, and often dangerous, is very honourable. In IVejiminjler there are fourfcore Conftables ; in the adjoining Parts of the County of Middlefex there are more ; thefe two Bodies united by Harmony, ftrengthened by a juft Senfe of their Dutv, and well inftrucfted, encouraged and fupported by the Magiftracy, become a formidable Body, Hews the Civil Power in its true and proper Light, and will ever be capable of fuppreffing Evils of the moft dangerous Nature. But nothing can conduce fo much to the preventing of Evils of every Kind arifing to any con-fiderable Height, as the Care and Attention of each individual Conftable in his own Ward. Here he may obferve Milchicfs and Breaches of the Laws on their nr ft Appearance, and by proper Notices, friendly Perfuafions, neceffiary Informations before the Magiftrate, or by Preferment before the Grand Inqueft when he makes his Returns, which laft ought moft con-feientioufly to be done without Favour or Affection, he may ftop fhe Evil in its Infancy, and prevent the Repetition of it from confirming it into Habit, when it will be more difficult, if not impoffible, to fupprefs it; for I fhould not do Juftice, if I did not declare, that a great Number of Inhabitants, who have been fum-moned before me for buffering Gaming and

R 4

otner

248

A 'Treatife on floe Office of Conftable.

other Breaches of the Laws, the Moment they were acquainted with the Illegality and evil Tendency of fuch their Practices, immediately put a Stop to them without forcing the Magi-ftrate to the difagreeable Neceffity of executing a Penal Law. If a Conftable has a due Regard for Religion, the Oath he takes to do his Duty will have a proper Influence on his Conduct. If he confiders the Refpedt that is due to the Laws of his Country, he will never connive at the Breach of any of them ; and if he executes his Office with Diligence, Candour and Humanity, he will fecure to himfelf the Confidence of the People, (Lengthen his own Authority, and be efteemed a valuable, ufeful and worthy Member of Society. To which I (hall only beg Leave to add one Obfervation, that where Warrants are executed in this Metropolis, on Complaints of a trivial Nature, the Conftable fliould always give his Prifoner Time to bring fome of his Friends with him before the Ma-giftrate, as this may prevent the Malice of Profecutors; but where Cheats and Felons are apprehended, they fhould be immediately carried before a Juftice of the Peace, as a Moment’s Delay may prevent Difcoveries of the greateft Confequence, and give Accomplices Time to fecrete themfelves and their ftolen Goods. And to prevent Efcapes and Refcues in the Streets, it is always prudent to put fuch Prifoners into a Flackney Coach, the Expence of which I (hall ever be ready to defray, and at all Times rejoice as well to give my Advice and Affiftance to any Peace Officer who (hall think proper to afk it, as to furnifh him by Night or Day with every Degree of 1	Protection

249

A \Treatife on the Office of Conflable.

Protection in his Office the Laws of his Country intitle him to. Wiffiing you therefore Harmony among yourfelves, Safety to your Perfons, and Security from Profecutions in the Execution of your refpeCtive Duties,

I am. Gentlemen,

Your fincere Friend,

And obedient humble Servant,

JOHN FIELDING.

A

[ z5° 1

The Office Conftable.

Its Origin,

A

ON THE OFFICE of Constable.

H E Office of a Conftable, whether 8	we agree with my Lord Coke in the

M	Derivation of the Word, or with the

lefs honourable Etymology of Dr. Cowell, is certainly of great Antiquity in this Kingdom.

Antiently there was a very high Officer of State, under the Denomination of the Lord Conftable; and feveral other Officers there are at this Day who are fo called ; as the Conftable of the <Toweri &c. but with fuch we concern not ourfelves in this Treatife, in which we intend only to fpeak of thole Officers, who are at prefent known by the Name of High and Petit Conftables.

Both thefe Officers were at Common Law in the Time the *Saxons. The beft Account of their Original is given by Fineitx, in the Book of 12 H. 7. who makes them as old as the Divifton of Counties into Hundreds, and again of thefe Hundreds into Boroughs or Towns;

over

251

A "Treatife on the Office of ConfabJe.

over the latter of which were placed the Petit Conftables, as the High Conftables were over the former, (a)

As well the Petit as the High Conftable, were, by their Offices, Confervators of the Peace at the Common Law, within the Limits of their Hundreds, Towns, Tithings and Boroughs; (b) and their Authority is as antient as the Toms or Courts Leet; and did not, as fome have fuppofed, begin in the Times of Edw. 3. (c) nor even by the Statute of Whichever made in the 13th Year of Edw. 1. * * And what that Statute ordains concerning Conftables, is to be underftood in Affirmance of the Common Law. (d).

This Statute of Winchefter appoints two Conftables to be chofen in every Hundred or Franchife; but gives no farther Direction.

Mr. Dalton thinks that thefe were the High Conftables of Hundreds; but this feems to combat with the Opinion of Fineux before-mentioned, which Dalton himfelf a little afterwards cites and approves.

(a) Dalt. c. 28. [h) Dalt. c. 1. c. 28. (c) 4lnft. 265. (d) Dalt. c. 28.

* This is inexcufable Ignorance; for Conftables are mentioned before this Time in Weflm. 1. c. 1 q. in which Statute he is placed between the Under Sheriff and the Bailiffs of Fee. So that there were then, faith Lord Coke in his Notes on that Statute (2 Inft. 190) Conftables in Fee who had the keeping of Prifons. Though, perhaps, the Woids of Fee ought only to be coupled to the Word Bailiffs; and means no more than the Bailiffs of Franchifes; and this agrees beft with the Context in the laid Statute.

The

252	A ’Trecitife on the Office of Conjlable.

How chofen.	The Conftables of Hundreds, or the High

Conftables, were at firft chofen and fworn, as appears in the Sheriff’s Torn (a); but in the Time of Mr. Dalton, they were ufually chofen at the Seffions, or by the Majority of the Ju-ftices of the Divifion, and were either fworn at the Seffions or by Warrant from the Seffions. A Caufe, he fays, which was often allowed and commended by the Judges of Affize {b).

And in the fame manner as they are chofen, they are upon fit Caufe to be removed from their Office (V).

The High Conftables, by their original In-fhitutions, were to take View of Armour twice every Year, and to prefent before the Ju(dices, the Defaults of Armour, of Watches, of Highways, and of Hue and Cries, and alfo fuch as lodged Strangers, for whom they could not anfwer {d).

Conftables of Hundreds are compellable to attend at the Aftizes, and prefent Offenders upon Oath; but not fo at the Quarter-Sefiions «•

By the Common Law, fays the Lord Coke, the Conftables are to be chofen at the Leet or Torn (f). In fome Books, it is faid, that the Conftables are to be chofen by the Sheriff; and in others by the Decennary; but it is agreed, that he muft be then fworn into his Office by the Sheriff: But where there is a Court-Leet, this Power of chufing Conftables

(a) Dalt. c. 28. f. 5. [I) Dalt. c. 28.	(c) Dalt. c. 28.

(d) Dalt. c. 28. (e) Dalt. c. 2S laid to have been fo refolved by all the Judges of England. (/) 4 Inib 265.

feems

A 'Treatife on the Office of Conftable,

feems to belong to the Lord of that Leet *, and fuch, fays Mr. Hawkins, muft be under-ftood to have been the Senfe of the Makers of that Statute in 13 6? 14 Car. 2. (a).

Writers agree in giving to Juftices of Peace a Power to appoint a Conftable in Default of the Lord, at his Leet, or of the Sheriff at his Torn, before the Statute of 13	14	Car. 2.

And this Power feems to have the Sanction of Time, though it may be, perhaps, difficult to Ihew from what legal Authority it was at firft derived.

And not only when the Leet have failed to appoint a Conftable, but where unable or unfit Perfons have been chofen, the Juftices of Peace have interfered and have removed them, (b) So if a Conftable die or remove out of the Pariffi, and the Time of the Leet be far off, his Place is to be fupplied by the Seffions; and if they be not near, by the next Juftices.

This Jurifdidtion the Juftices exercifed at Common Law; but now the Statute (reciting, that whereas the Laws and. Statutes for the apprehending of Rogues and Vagabonds have not been duly executed, fometimes for Want of Officers, by Reafon Lords of Manors do not keep Court-Leets every Year for the making them) enadls, That in cafe any Conftable, Head-borough or Tythingman, fhall die or go out of the Pariffi, any two Juftices of the Peace may make and fwear a new Conftable, Head-borough or Tythingman, till the faid Lord fhall hold a Court, or till the next Quarter-

(a) Hawk. P. C. b. 2. c. 10. f 37.	(6)	Dak.	c.	28.

Seffions,

254	'Treatife	on the Office of Conflable,

Seffions, who fhall approve of the faid Officers fo made and fworn as aforefaid, or appoint others as they fhall think fit. And if any Officer fhall continue above a Year in his or their Office, that then in fuch cafe the Judices of the Peace in their Quarter-Seffions may difcharge fuch Officers, and may put another fit Perfon in his or their Place, till the Lord of the faid Manor fhall hold a Court as aforefaid.

And if in Default of holding Courts-Leet, they continue above a Year, they may be dif-charged at the Seffions, and others put in (a).

If Leets choofe unable or unfit Petit Con-flables, it is a good Caufe of the Forfeiture of the Leet. And upon a Complaint to the Af-fizes or Seffions, the Juftices of the Peace fhall be authorized to choofe new ones.

Since the Statute, therefore, it is clear that two Juftices of Peace may, in Default of the Lord of the Leet, make and fwear a new Conftable, &c. But this is a fpecial Authority, and muft be flrictly purfued ^ and therefore an Order of Seffions, reciting a Complaint made by the Petit Conftables of A. that they had lerved above a Year, and that at a Leet holden for the Manor of B. thefe Conftables with the Homage prefented D. E. F. G. four able Perfons of the Town of A. in Order that two might be nominated, &c. and that the Steward refufed to nominate them, &c. but continued the Complainants in their faid Offices; and upon Examination of the faid

{a) Dalt. c. 28.

Com-

A Trcatife on the Office of Conftable.	255

Complainants on Oath, the Seffions difcharged them, and appointed D. and E. Petit Confta-bles of die laid Town for the Year enfuing, or till others are legally appointed. This Order was quafhed by the whole Court, becaufe the Seffions have not purfued the Reftridtion of the Statute by appointing the faid Conftables till the Lord (hall hold a Court (a).

By the Statute of Hen. 8. {b) two Juftices of the Peace (one Quorum) fhall appoint and name in every Hundred within the Limits of their Com million, two fufficient Gentlemen or Yeomen, to be Chief Conftables of the Hundred wherein they inhabit, which Chief Conftables are to have the fame Power with High Conftables of Hundreds in England.

A Cuftom in a Town that the Inhabitants fhall ferve the Office of a Conftable by Turns, according to the Situation of their feveral Houfes, hath been allowed to be good of later Times (c) though there are antient Authorities to the contrary (d).

No Man is qualified to be a Conftable who Who fhall be is not an Inhabitant of the Place for which he is chofen. to ferve that Office (e).

Nor is every Inhabitant a fit Perfon to be chofen into this Office. He ought, faith Mr.

Dalton, to be of the abler fort of Parifhioners $ and if a very ignorant or poor Perfon be chofen, he may, by Law, be difcharged, and an abler Perfon placed in his room (f).

(a) King and Da-vis, T. 10 G. 2,	(h)	34	H.	8.	C. 26,

f. 70. (c) Hawk. c. jo. f. 3j. (,-t) Oak. c, 28. {e) King and Davis, (f) Dalt. c. 28.

Perfons

256

A 'Treatife on the Office of Conflable.

Perfons qualified to be Conftables, are not abfolutely excufed from taking upon themfelves that Office, by being of the Rank of Gentlemen (tho5 of Quality, faith Dalton) ; nor will the Profeffion of a Phyfician excufe them •, yet, if there be other fufficient Perfons within the Diftridt, they will poftibly have Relief in the King's Bench: But a fworn Attorney of any Court in IVeJlminJler Hall may be difcharged by a Writ of Privilege, even though he were chofen by reafon of his Eftate according to the Cuftom, &c. for he is obliged to give his Attendance on his Court. And for like Reafon it hath been adjudged, that an Alderman of London cannot be chofen Conflable; for, that as Alderman, he is bound to be prefent in the City for the good Government thereof (a).

By two Statutes made in the Reign of Hen. 8. the Wardens and Fellowfhip of the Myftery of Surgeons, are exempt from the Offices of Conftables, Watch, &c. provided they do not exceed the Number of twelve ; and the Prefi-dent and Fellows of the College of Phyjicians are not to be chofen Conftables, nor 2ny other Officers in London, nor in the Suburbs of the fame (h).

It hath been held, that all the Surgeons in England are within the Equity of the former Statute ; but that the Privilege arifing from the latter, is confined to thofe Phyficians who are Fellows of the College.

Refufing to If a Perfon duly elected refufes to be fworn, be fworn. he may be indidled either before Juftices of the

(a) Hawk. c. 10. f. 40. {b) 5 H. 8. c. 6. 32 H. 8. c. 40

Peace

A c±reatlfe on the Office of Conjiable,

Peace at their Sedlons, or before Juftices of Oyer and 'Terminer (a)-, or if lie be prefenr, he may be fined by the Court before whom he is to be fvvorn; or upon a Prefentment of his Refufal, with all proper Circumftances, the Court may amerce him. But the Indictment is the more ufual Way ; and in fuch Indibi.ment it is necelury to fet out fptcially the manner of the Election, Appointment, Notice and Refufal (b).

If a Confcable, lawfully choffin, refufes to be fworn, one Juffiice may bind him over to the Seffions; but he cannot commit him till he will take on him the Office {c).

Where any Perfon is duly appointed to the Office of Conihible, and die Steward, Ac. refufes to fwear him; or where one, having a Right to be privileged from ferving this Office, is elecfed, he may, in either (. ale, be r iffived* by applying to the Court of King’s Bench.

It hath been refoived. That a Conitable may make a Deputy, becaufe, as Mr. Crompton lavs, he may be fick; but the better Reafon is, becaufe it is a Minifterial Office. And yet, faith Dcltofty fome have held that this is rather by Toleration than by Law (d).

Having premifed thus much concerning the Antiquity of this Office, the Perfons who are properly qualified for, and not privileged by Law from it, with the manner of appointing Conftables,. and thofe who are by Law authorised to appoint them; I come next to the

2 57

(A Dale c. 28. f. 5.	(b)	Hawk,	b,	2.	c,	10.	f.	46.

fd Dak. c. 28. f. 5. (A Dale c. 1. I. 7.

s

mam

258

Original

Power.

Wound given in his P;e-lence.

Ereak open Doors.

A Treat ife on the Office of Conflable.

main Point propcfed in this Treatife, viz. To confider and explain the Duty which the Law enjoins on this Office, and the Authority with which he is veiled, that he may be enabled to perform fuch Duty. And here I fhall endeavour to lay down every Point in the plaineft and cleared Manner •, fo as to be intelligible to aim oft every Capacity.

The Office of a Conftable is two-fold :

1.	Original or Primitive.

2.	Minifterial, or relative to the Juftices of the Peace, Coroners, Sheriffs, &c. (a)

Fir ft then of his original Power. By 'this he is,

1.	To arreft all Perfons, who in his Prefence are guilty of any Treafon or Felony.

2.	If a grievous Wound, from which there is apparent Danger of Death, be given in his Prefence, he is to arreft the Offender (b). And in either of thefe Cafes he may break open Doors, if denied Entrance, and if the guilty Perfon be there (c). Again in thefe Cafes he may jufifty killing the Offender, if he flies or refills, fo that he cannot otherwife be apprehended ; but this he ought never to do when the Offenders may be otherwife taken (d).

3.	He may arreft any one whom he fhall fee going about to commit a Treafon or Felony, or any other Act which would manifellly endanger the Life of another (e). And therefore, if a Man leave an Infant in the Cold,

(a) Hale’s P. C. Vol. 2. p. 88.	(b)	Dalt. c. 8. f. 2.

(c) Hale’s P. C. Vol. 2. p. 77.	(d)	Hale’s	P.	C.	Vol.	2.

p. 77, 91.	(e)	Hawk.	b.	2,	c.	12.	f.	19.

with

A 'Treatife on the Office of Conjlabk.	259

With Intent to deftroy it, or to charge the Parilh, the Conftable may arreft him {a), The Afiaulting a Conftable may arreft any Man who is guilty ot Conftable. aftaulting him, and may imprifon fuch Offender, (b) and carry him before a Juftice to find Sureties (c).

4.	If an Affray be in the Prefence of the Affray. " Conftable, he may arreft the Offender; fo may he, by way of Prevention, thole who attempt to caufe or begin fuch an Affray.' Indeed, in general, as he is by the Common Law a Confervator of the Peace, fo ought he in all Cafes to preferve this Peace, and may juftify fecuring thole who actually break or go about to break it; or, as Mr. Dell on words it, fhall be in a Fury ready to break it, in his Prefence (P j. In all the it Gafts the Conftable may adt with the uttnoft Security ; and, indeed, every private Perfon not only may, but ought to do the fame, though he. is Id’s questionable for the Negledl; for the Conftable being pre-fent at an Affray, ought in the King’s Name to command the Affrayers to ceafe and depart on Pain of Imprifonment; and if he doth other-wife, he fhall be feverciy lined {e)t And if Charging to any of the Affrayers refuft to depart, and fhall his AiMance. draw any Weapons, or give any Blow, the Conftable may command the Afiiftance of others, and may juftify the hurting fuch as may make Refiftance (f). And this more efpecially in great and violent Affrays, and where any Perfon hath received a dangerous

(a) Hawk. b. 2 c. 12. f 19. Hale’s P. C. Vo!. 2. p.88. (b) Hale, ib	(c) Dale. c. 8. f. 7. (d) Hale’s P. C.

2. 88. Dalt. e. 8, f. 2. U) Dale. c. 8. f. 3.	(/) Dak. ib.

S ?	Wound

260

What is an Affray.

Incontinency.

Arrefling on Sn>picion.

A 1*1'eat ife on the Office of Conftable.

Wound (a). In this Cafe he may command the Affrayers to Prilon for a fhort Time, till their Pleat be over (£).

Note however, that there can be no Affray without an adtual Breach of the Peace, as Weapons drawn. Blows ftruck or attempted, &c. Words will not make an Affray ; yet if thefe be Words of Menace to kill, beat or hurt any one, then may the Conftable arreft the Offender, and carry him before a Juftice of the P«.-ace to find Sureties (c).

5.	If a Conftable find a Man and Woman together actually concerned in an Act of In-continency, he may arreft them both {dj. The old Cafe in the Book of Hen. 7. is much ftronger, but fo far is certainly Law at this Day.

Nor is this his original Power of arreftina OfiPnders confined folely to Adis clone within his own View •, for

6.	He may likewife, •virtute officii, arreft on Sufpicion of Treafon or Felony. And therefore if John Jones be robbed, and fufpedls Edward James of having committed the Robbery, the Conftable on the Information of John Jones, may apprehend the Body of Edward James without any Warrant (e.)

But before the Conftable proceeds to arreft a Man on fuch an Information, he ought to be well fatisfied,

(a) Dalt. c. 8. {. 3.	(b)	Dalt.	c.	8.	f.	3.	(c)	Dalt.	c.	8.

f. 4.	{d)	Hale’s	P.	C.	2,	89,	{ej	Hale’s	P.	C.	c.	2.	91.

i. That

261

A Treatife on the Office of Conffable.

1.	That a Felony was actually done ; for this is iffuable in an Action of falfe Imprifonment, &c. (a).

2.	That the Perfon from whom he receives his Information was actually prefent at the Felony committed; for the Juftification is, that the Conftable did aid A in taking the Party fufpedted {b). And an Information at the fe-cond Hand is too remote and dangerous.

3.	The Conftable ought to be well fatisfied that the Caufe of Sufpicion is a good one. And fuch Circumftances and Caufts of Sufpicion may appear on the Examination, (tho* this cannot be on Oath) that the Information, fays Lord Hale, may carry over the Sufpicion even to the Conftable, whereby it may become his Sufpicion as well as the Sufpicion of A. (e).

And it behoves the Conftable to act with great Difcretion in this Matter; for as on the one Hand, if the Caufe of Sufpicion was light and trivia]; if the Party informing was not himfelf prefenf; but principally, if the Felony was not actually committed, the Conftable will be in Danger of anfwering in an Action : Soon the other Hand, if he fhould be remifs and negligent in his Duty, or refufe to arrcft a Felon, where the above Circumftances all concur, he will be liable to be very fevercly pu-nifhed for his Omiftion •, for.

By the Statute of IVefuiinfter 1. c. 9. If the Sheriff, Coroner, or any other Bailiff, within Franchifes or without, for Reward or for Prayer,

(a) M. 5 H. 7. pi. 10. (b) Hale’s P. C. 2. 91.

I\ C. sad.

s

o

3

(c) Hale’s

Of

262	A Treat ife on the Office of Confiable.

or for Fear, or for any manner of Affinity, conceal, confent or procure to conceal, the Felonies done in their Liberties, or otherwife, will not attach nor arreft fuch Felons there (as they may) or otherwife will not do their Office for Favour born to fuch Mifdoers, and be attainted thereof, they fhall have one Year’s Imprifonment, and afterwards make a grievous Fine at the King’s Pieafure •, and if they have not whereof to be fined, they fhall fuffer three Years Imprifonment.

And by the 5 Edw.3. c. 14-.it is exprefly declared, That if any Man has any evil Suspicion of Felons, either by Night or by Day, they fhall be incontinently arrefted by the Conftabks of the Town.

The fir ft and fecond Points are fufficiently clear; and as to the third, though it may be difficult, or indeed, impoffible, to fet down minutely every Circumftance which may induce a juftiffiible Sufpicion; it may be, however, proper to mention the rnoft common and obvious ; and efpecially thofe which have already undergone the Sanction of a Court of Juftice, or which good Authorities have eftabliffied. Good Caufes i. The Goods being found upon a Perfon, of Sufpicion. though he fhould otherwife be of good Fame

O	O

(a).

2.	If the Perfon be one of evil Fame, he may be arrefted for a Felony committed without any other Circumftance (b).

{a) P. 2 H. 7 16.	(t) P. 2 H. 7. 16. M. 5 H. 7.

pi. 10. per Brian and the whole Court. T. 11 E. 4. pi. 8.

3' A

A Treatife on the Office of Conflable,	263

3.	A Man indicted of Felony, may be ar-refled without Procefs, for this countervails evil Fame (a).

4.	The Conflable, virtute officii, may arrefl all fuch as being fufpected of Felony do fly for it {b).

And if the Party fufpected do fly into	purfue

another County, the Conflable may purfue into another him (c) •, though this hath been doubted (d): CJonnty.

But it fcems it mufl be on frefh Suit; in which Cafe the Conflable hath the fame Privilege and Protection in the other County, as he would have had in his own (e).

In Cafe of Sufpicion of Felony likewife, if Break open the fufpeded Perlon fly into a Houfe, the t>oors-Conflable may break open a Door to take him ; but in his Juflincation it mufl be fet forth,

1.	That the Felon was in the IToufe.

2.	That Entrance was denied to the Con-flable.

3.	That it was denied after Demand, and Notice that he was the Conflable (f).

But if he enters the Houfe by Force, where he may enter without breaking it, i. e. upon Requeft made; or if he a&ually breaks open the Door where he may otherwife open it, he will be a Trefpafler.

Now if the Conflable, in the Attempt of Killing a arrefting a fufpedted Perfon, be killed, this is Conflable. Murder (g).

(a) M. 5 H. 7. Pl. 10. per Brian.	(b)	2 E. 4. 8. b„

(c) Hale's P. C. 2. 94.	(d)	13	E. 4. 9. a. (e) Hale’s

P. C. 2. 94.	(f)	Hale’s	P.	C.	2. 90, 92.	5	Co. 92-

13 E. 4. 9. a. (0) Hale’s P. C. 2. 92.

S 4

And

264

Killing;

pe&ed

ions.

jR re; k or Doors on fray.

A Arcaiif on the Office of Conjlable.

fuf- And if a perfon thus charged with Sufpicion

[’cr- of Felony upon juft Grounds of Sufpicion, and wnci a ir elony is actually committed, tho* he be innocent, yet it- he reflft the Officer, after Notice that he is the Officer, and afiault him, if the Officer kill him, this is no Murder (a).

But more cueftionable is it, fa vs. Lord 11 ale ^ whether if he :iy and cannot be apprehended, the Gmcer may kill him, where he is fafpeefed and innocent, if he cannot otherwife be taken, as he may a Felon, as before is fhewn ; but it fee ms (fays he) that he may, and that it is no Felony, no more than in the former Cafe, for thefe Reafons :

1. Becaufe the Conftable is obliged to do his Oir.ce in cafe of a probable Sufpicion, as well as in cafe of an actual Felony.

?. Becuufc he canrot judge whether the Party be guilty or not till he come to his Trial, which cannot lv till he is apprehended.

3.	Becaufe the Party draws upon himfelf this Inconvenience, and makes himfelf fuf-pedfed by his very Flight from the Officer {]?). m p. Though the Conftable was not prefent at ■ the Affray, yet if a dangerous Wound be given, the Conftable upon receiving Information thereof, may arreft the Offender; and if he flies into a Houfe ami Hants the Doors, and will not open them, the Conftable may break them open to take him (c).

And in this Cafe likewife it will be Murder if the Conftable be killed; bur if the Offender,

iff Hale’s P. C. 2. 92, (Ij Hale’s P. C, 2. 93. (<•} Hale’s 2. 94.	,

wno

265

A ‘Treatife on the Office of Confiable.

who could not otherwife be taken, fhould be killed, it would be no Felony, but juftifiable by the Neceliity which arofe from his own Gb-ftinacy (a).

But in cafe of an Affray where no dangerous Affray. Wound is given, if the Conftable be not him-felf prefenr, I hold it too dangerous for him to arreft the Party on an Information after the Affray is over, even though the Informer fhould alledge that he is in Danger of his Life; for in fuch cafe, though fome Refolutions feem to favour it, yet there are many on the other Side (b).

5.	If an Affray be in a Houfe whereby there Affray in a is a Likelihood of Bloodfhed, and the Doors JI°uk. of the Lloufe are fhut, if the Conftable of the Vill having Notice thereof demand Entrance, and they within not only refufe to open the Doors, but continue the Affray, the Conftable may break open the Doors to keep the Peace and prevent the Danger (c). And this will be juftifiable, though no Hurt was actually done

\d

And if the Affray be begun without Doors, and the Affrayers fly into another Man’s Houfe, the Conftable on frefh Purfuit may break open the Houfe and apprehend them [e). But this I apprehend muft be underftood only of violent Affrays, and where fome great Hurt hath been clone.

(a) Hale’s P. C. 2. 94.	(b) Dalt. c. 1. f. 7. c. 8. f. 2.

f 5. (d Hale’s P. C. 2, 95.	(d) Dalt. c. 8. f. 5. (s) Dalt.

c. S. f. 5.

So

266

Difturbances in publick Houies at Kight.

Power of Conftables by Statute.

Who (hall carry Arms.

A Treatife on the Office of Confable.

So if the Affrayers fly into another County, the Conftable may purfue them into another County, and apprehend and carry them before a Juftice of Peace of that County (a). If they fly into a Franchife in the fame County, the Conftable may purfue them into the Franchife, and take them out of it (b).

6.	Laftly, It there be difordcrly Drinking, or Noife in a Houfe at an unfeafonabJe Time of Night, efpeciafly in Inns, Taverns or Ale-houies, the Conftable or his Watch, demanding Entrance, and being refuted, may break open the Doors to fupprefs the Diforder. And this, fays Lord Hale, is frequently done in London and Middlefex (c).

Hitherto we have fpoken only of the Power of arrefting, which is veiled in the Conftable as Confervator of the Peace by the Common Law. We proceed now to the exprefs Power of arrefting Offenders, which is given to his Office bv Statute, and that without a Warrant.

j	J

By 2 E. 3. c. 3. (d) it is enacted. That no Man, great or fmall, of what Condition foever he be, (except the King’s Servants in his Pre-fence, and his Minifters in executing the King’s Precepts, or of their Office, and fuch as be in their Company aflifting them, and alfo upon a Hue and Cry made for Arms, and the fame in fuch Places where fuch Adis do happen) be fo hardy to come before the King’s Juflices, or other of his King’s Minifters doing their Office,

{a) Dale c. 8. f, 5.	(b)	Dak.	c.	8.	f.	5.	(c)	Hale’s

P. C. 2. 95.	{d)	By	20	R.	2.	c.	1.	this	Offence is made

fineable.

with

267

A 'Treatife on the Office of Conftahle.

with Force and Arms ; nor bring no Arms in Affray of Peace, nor go nor ride armed by Night or by Day, in Fairs, Markets, nor in the Prefence of the Juftices or other Minifters, nor in no Part elfewhere ; on Pain of forfeiting their Arms to the King, and their Bodies to Prifon, at the King’s Pleafure.

Conftables have an exprefs Power given them to execute this A 61, by the A6t itfeif.

In this A61, faith my Lord Coke, there are three fpecial Exceptions ; and thefe fuffi-ciently appear above; but the Law, faith he, maketh another Exception ; for any Man may ufe Force to defend his Houfe, and may af-fembJe his Friends and Neighbours to keep it againft thofe who come to rob or to kill him, or to offer him any Violence therein *, but he cannot affemble Force to go with him to Church or Market, or any other Place, for that is prohibited by the Adi (a).

And in Eafter Term 39 Eliz. it was refolved by all the Judges, that not only every Juftice of the Peace, Sheriff and other Minifter, but every other Subjedt of the King, may arm themfelves to refill Riots, Rebellions or pub-lick Diffurbers of the Peace and Quiet of the Realm ; but the Judges there recommended it as the more difereet Way for every one in Rich a Cafe to attend and be afliftant to the Juftices, Sheriffs or other Minifters of the King in doing it (b).

In

{a) 3 Inft. c. 73.	[b)	Poph.	I	21.

268

A \Treatife on the Off.ce of Co?ft able.

In the Cafe of Cheene and Piott, Croke Juftice, faith, without all Queftion, the Sheriff hath Power to commit, eft Clift os et Confervatar Pads \ if contrary to the Statute of Northampton, he fees any one to carry Weapons in the Highway, in Terr or em Populi Refs, he ought to take him and arreft him, notwith-ffanding he doth not break the Peace in his Prefence (a).

Strangers and By the Statute of IVinchefter, c. 4. it is fu*p:c?oas Per- enabled. That the Bailiffs of Towns every fens.	Week,	or	at	lead;	every	fifteenth	Day, fhall

make Enquiry of all Perfons being lodged in the Suburbs, or in foreign Places of the Towns; and if they do find any that have lodged or received any Strangers or fufpicious Perfons, the Bailiffs fhall do Right therein. And if any Strangers do pafs by the Watch at Night, he fhall be arretted until Morning, and if no Sufpicion be found, he fhall go quit; and if they find Caufe of Sufpicion, they fhall forth” with deliver him to the Sheriff, and the Sheriff may receive him without Damage, and fhall keep him fafely till he be acquitted in due manner. And if they will not obey the Arreft, they fhall levy Hue and Cry upon them, and fuch as keep the Town fhall follow with Hue and Cry with all the Town and the Towns near, and fo Hue and Cry fhall be made from Town to Town, til), that they be taken and delivered to the Sheriff as before is laid ;

(a) 2 Bulft. 32S.

i 2 V.I

2 6g

A 7reatife on the Office oj Conjiable.

and for the Arreftment of fuch Strangers, none fhall be punifhed.

By 5 E. 3. c. 14. the foregoing is briefly recited, and it is farther enacted, That becaufe there hath been divers Manfiaughters, Felonies and Robberies, done in Time pair, by People that be called * Roberdfmen, Waiters and Drawlatches, it is accorded, that if any Man have any evil Sufpicion of fuch, be it by Day or by Night, they fhall be incontinently arrdted by the Conftables of the Towns.

Upon thefe Statutes it hath been held, that Night-walk-it is lawful to arrefl: a Night-walker, at aers-prohibited Time of Night, though no Felony hath been committed (a).

In an Action of Trefpafs of Afiaulf, Battery Bawdy-houfes. and falfe Imprisonment at Dale, the Defendant pleaded, that one Alice kept a Houfe in the faid Town of Dale, and kept fufpicious Perfons in it, to wit, a common Bawdy-houfe, and the Plaintiff often retorted to the faid Houfe fufpicioufly with Women of evil Fame,

(naming them) for which one J. Nokes, Confta-hle of the faid Town, came to the Defendant, and defired him to aflift him in arrefting the Plaintiff to find Surety for his good Behaviour, on which Account the Defendant came with the faid J. N. at the Hour of Twelve in the

* This Name was derived from one Robin Flood, who iived in the Reign of King.#. 1. in Woods and Defarts on tiie Borders of England and Scotland. He was die Head of a Gang of Robbers, who fupported themfelw: by all kinds of Rapine. Hence fuch kind of Perfons ■ ere afterwards tailed Roberdfmen ail over England. 3 Ink. c. 90.

(a) M. 5 H. 7. pi. iq.

Night,

zyo

Caution,

A <Treaiife on the Office of ConfldbUi

Night, and found him fufpicioufly in the faid Place, by Force of which they took him and put him in Ward, which is the fame Afthulr, Battery and Imprifonment for which the A&ion is brought. This was held a good Juftiftcation by all the Juftices-, for they faid it is lawful for every Conftable to arreft fufpedted Perfons who walk by Night and deep by Day, or who keep fufpicious Company. And if they cannot of themfelvLS arreft them, they may demand the Affiftance of others, and they are by Law obliged to affift them (a).

In all the Cafes above-mentioned, and in fome which follow hereafter, the Conftable may arreft the Party without any Warrant.

And yet the Advice given by Lord Hale, viz. If the Time and Nature of the Facl, and the Condition of Things will bear it, to complain to a Juftice of the Peace and have his Warrant for apprehending the Criminal, will be very wifely followed by the Conftable as often as he poffibly canj for by fuch Means he will be put to much lefs Difficulty in his Juftification.

But it muft be likewife obferved, That in all the Cafes before recited, and efpecially with Regard to the apprehending of Felons, he is obliged to perform his Duty without any Warrant, and will be punifhable for Negledt of it. He muft therefore take Care that no Mifchief intervene, nor any Felon efcape by his waiting for the Authority of the Juftice.

A k*

{a) M. 13 H. 7. pi. 10.

A Treattfe on the Office of Conjlable,	2fi

A fecond Manner in which Perfons are to Hue and Cry, be -arrefted by the Conftable, is by Hue and Cry •, which, as the Words import, is a pub-lick Alarm railed after the Felon ov^r the whole County, and fometimes, faith the Statute of IVincheJler, over two, three or four Counties, when the Felony is committed near the Borders.

This Procefs lay at Common Law, and is mentioned by Bratton,	(a).	It is enforced

likewife by many Statutes :

1.	By Winton, c. 9. All are to be ready at the Summons of the Sheriff, and the Cry of the County, to arreft Felons as well within Franchifes as without, on the Pain of being indidled and fued.

2.	By 4 A. 1. Hue and Cry is to be levied for all Murders, Burglaries, Men flain, or in Peril of being (lain, and all are to follow it.

3. By the Statute of TVinton, c. 1. on Robberies and Felonies, frefh Suit fhall be made from Town to Town, and from County to County ; and by c. 4. Hue and Cry is ordered to be railed on fuch as will not obey the Arreft of the Town where Night-walkers pafs, and for arrefting fuch Strangers, none fhall be puniftied.

Laftly, by 8 G. 2, c. 16. If any Conftable, Headborough, £s?r. within the Plundreds, wherein any Robbery (hall happen, fhall refufe or negledt to make Flue and Cry after the Felons with the utmoft Expedition, as foon as he fhall receive Notice thereof, he fhall, for * *

[a) Brad lib. 3. de Cor, c. 10. Flefa, 1. 1, c. 27.

every

*

2J2	A Treatife on the Office of Conftable.

every fuch Refufal and Neglect, forfeit 51. the one Moiety to the King, the other to the Informer.

Hue and Cry may be raifed by the Warrant of a Juftice. It may likewife be raifed by a Pea'ce Officer, and even by a private Perfon

1.	It may likewife be againft a Perfon certain by Name.

2.	Againft a Perfon incertain by Defcrip-tion ; or,

3.	Upon a Murder, Robbery or Burglary committed, where the Perfon is neither known nor defcribable (b).

Manner of As to the manner of railing it, take the raifmg Hue following Rules :

and Cry.	j, The Conftable ought to receive good

Affurance, that the Felony hath actually been committed.

2.	The Party who levies the Hue and Cry, or at whofe Complaint it is levied by the Conftable, ought to give him all the Information in his Power of the Number of Perlbns by whom the Fa£t was committed, with their Names, Habits, Horfes, and every other Circumftance; but if he fhould know none of thefe, the Conftable, being fufficiently af-fured of the Fa£t, is to levy the Hue and Cry (e).

3.	The Hue and Cry being levied, the Conftable is fir ft to make Search in his own

{a) Hale’s P. C. z. 100. (I) Hale’s P. C. 2. 102, 103. (c) Hale’s P. C. z. 102, 103.

Diftridb

5} Treatzfe on the Office of Conftable'. 2 7$

Diftricft or Vill; and fecondly, to raife all the neighbouring Vills round about (a).

4.	It is to be purfued with Horfe and Foot, and all Perfons at the Command of the Conftable are to attend it (b).

5.	The Conftable and thofe with him may Break open fearch in fufpedted Places; and if the Doors D°ors on

of a Houfe be fhut, and thofe within refufe to Hueand CrL open them on Demand made by the Conftable and Notification of his Bufinefs, he may break them open (c).

But here this Difference muft be noted ; that if the Doors be open, he may fearch any fufpedted Place or Houfe, and a probable Caufe of Sufpicion will be fufficient for his Juftification y but otherwife is it in cafe of breaking open the Houfe; for he will only be juftifiable when the Felon is actually there (d).

6.	He may apprehend a Perfon fufpected of the Fa£t, and againft whom the Hue and Cry be raifcd y and tho’ fuch Perfon fhould prove innocent, his Apprehenfion will be juftifiable in the Conftable (e). And if the Hue and Cry be levied on the Felony only, without any Notification or Defcription of the Perfon, he may juftify arrefting all fufpicious Perfons (/). As for Inftance, fays Lord Hale; Vagrants that cannot give any Account of them-felves where they live, or whence they are, or

{a) Hale’s P. c. 2. 101. (b) Hale’s P. C 2. ici. (c) Hale’s P. C. 2. 102, 103.	(a')	Hale’s P. C. 2. 103.	(e) Hale’s

P. C. 2. 103.	(/)	Hale’s	P, CJ. 2, 103,

T

fuch

£74	^ Treatife on the Office of Conftahk\

fuch fufpicious Perfons as come late into their Inn or Lodgings, and give no reafonable Ac** Count where they had been, and the like (a).

The Sheriff, Bailiff, or any other Man* that followeth Felons on a Hue and Cry raifed, if they will not yield themfelves, but ftand on Defence or fly away, may juftify killing them. Lamb. 228.

7.	Though no Felony, in Fact, be committed, yet the Conftable, and all who aflift, will be ju (lifted, and the Perfon (b) only who raifed the Hue and Cry is to anfwer.

8.	It remains only to mention how the Law protects thofe who purfue Hue and Cry ; who by the Statute 7 Jac. c. 5. may plead the general I flue and give the fpecial Matter in Evidence. And if a Verdidt pafs for the Defendant, he fhall recover his double Cofts.

And, 2dly, How it punifhes thofe who negledl the Purfuit, who are to be indidted, fined and imprifoned upon the Statutes of 3 A. 1. c. 9. 4 A. 1.	13	A. 1. of Winton (c).

To apprehend By 17 G. 2. c. 5. intided, An Aft to amend Beggars, and ang make more effectual the Laws relating to and6 V^°aUeS R°£ues,> Vagabonds, and other idle and diforderly bands. ^ Perfons, and to Houfes of Correftion, it is enadled. That if any Perfons fhall be found offending againfl this Adi, it fhall and may be lawful for any Perfon whatfoever, to apprehend the Perfon fo offending, and to convey, or caufe to be conveyed to fome Juftice of the Peace, the

{a) Hale's P. C. 2. 103. (JA Male’s P. C. 2. 102. (c) Hale’s P. C. z. 104..

Perfons

A \Treatife on the Office of Conftable^	275

Perfons fo apprehended : And if any Conftable Penalty on or other Officer ffiall refufe or neglect to ufe Conftable neg-his beft Endeavours to apprehend or convey to ^inS th*s fome Juft ice of the Peace any fuch Offender, it ffiall be deemed a Negledt of Duty in fuch Conftable or Officer \ and on Convidtion ffiall be liable to forfeit any Sum not exceeding 5 /. nor lefs than ioj.

The Offenders againft this A<5t are,	Defcription	of

1.	All Perfons wandering abroad and beg- Offenders.

ging-

2.	All Perfons begging, pretending to be Soldiers, Mariners, Seafaring Men, or pretending to go to Work in Harveft.

3.	All Perfons wandering abroad, and lodging in Alehoufes, Barns, Outhoufes, or in the open Air, not giving a good Account of them-feives.

4.	All Petty Chapmen and Pedlars travelling without Licence.

5.	Perfons running away and leaving their Wives or Children chargeable to any Pariffi or Place.

6.	Perfons who ffiall for Plire, Gain or Reward, a<5l, reprefent or perform, or caufe to be adled, reprefented or performed, any Interlude, Tragedy, Comedy, Opera, Play, Farce, or other Entertainment of the Stage, or any Part or Parts therein, not being authorized by Law.

7.	All Minftrels and Jugglers.

8.	Perfons pretending to be Gypfies, or wandering in the Habit or Form of Egyptians, or pretending to have Skill in Phvfiognomy,

Falmeftry, or like crafty Science, or pretending to tell Fortunes, or ufing any fubtle Craft

T 2	to

%y5	A 'Zreatife on the Office of 'Conjtahle*

to deceive and impofe on any of his Majefty*s Subjects, or playing or betting at any unlawful Games or Plays.

9.	All common Players of Interludes.

10.	All Fencers and Bearwards.

11.	Perfons going about as Patent-Gatherers* or Gatherers of Alms under Pretence of Loffes by Fire or other Cafualty, or going about as Collectors for Prifons, Gaols or Hofpitals, £s?c.

-----For a fuller Defcription of the Offenders

againft this Add, fee the Extradts from it in this Book, Page 60.

It is obfervable. That Conftables are not only authorized, but obliged under a Penalty to apprehend the above Offenders, though it is necelfary for them, as well as for any other Perfon, to be prefent at the Commifiion of the Offence, to juftify their apprehending; the Words of the Statute being, 64 All Perfons “ who fhall be found offending againft this Act”

Ffo&ncSwear- By 19 Geo. 2. e. 21. it is enabled, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons, fhall profanely fwear and curie in the Prefence and Flearing of any Conftable, Petty Conftable, Tythingman, or other Peace Officer, it ffiall and may be lawful for any'fuch Peace Officer, and they and each of them are hereby authorized and required (in cafe any fuch Perfon ffiall be unknown to them) to ieize, fecure and detain inch Offender or Offenders, and forthwith to carry him or them before fome Juftice of the Peace: And in cafe any fuch Offender fhall be known to any of the Peace Officers aforefaid, every fuch Peace Officer is hereby required freed ih7 to make Information of the fame

Ja	<

before

1

1

1

A Treatife on the Office of Conftable.	277

before lome Juftice of the Peace, in order that fuch Offender may be by fuch Juftice convidled thereof and puniffied for the fame. And if Penalty on any Conftable or other Peace Officer as afore- Coniiableneg* faid, ffiall willingly and wittingly omit the hls Performance of his Duty, in the Execution of u^’ this Adi, he ffiall, on Convidlion, forfeit the Sum of 4or.

By 30 Geo. 2. c. 22. inti tied. An Aft to explain and amend an Aft made in the iSth Tear of his prefent Majefty's Reign, relating to the Mijhe-ha'uiour of the ^Drivers of Carts in the Streets in London, Weftminfter, and the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and for other Pur-pofes in the faid Aft mentioned?, it is enadted.

That any Perfon or Perfons who ffiall fee any of the Offences, intended by this Adi to be redreffed, committed, ffiall and may by the Authority of this Adi, and without any other Warrant, apprehend the Offender or Offenders, and ffiall with all convenient Speed, then afterwards, convey or deliver him to a Conftable or fome other Peace Officer of the Place where the Offence ffiall have been committed, or the Offender fhall be taken, in Order to be conveyed before a Juftice, there to be dealt with according to Law.

As this Power is given by Statute to all Perfons whatever, it is a fortiori given to ali Conftables and other Peace Officers.

The Perfons deemed Offenders againft this Adi are,

1. Drivers riding on their Carts or Waggons, not having fome Perfon on Foot to con-dudl the fame, except Carts drawn by one Korfe or two abreaft with Reins;

T 3

2. Or

rA Treat ife on the Office of Conjiablel

2.	Or caufing any Damage or obftruCting th$ Pafiage*

3.	Or being empty, not giving Way to Coaches or loaded Carriages.

4.	Perfons obflruCling the Pafiage of any of the Highways, by empty Waggons, &c, except while they are loading or unloading.

5.	Driver of any Carriage obftruCting the Pafiage in any of the Streets within the Bills of Mortality.

6.	Coachmen, or Drivers of other wheeled Carriages, plying for Hire in Bridge-fireet9 Parliament-fir eet^ Great George-fireet, St. Mar-garet-fireety or Abingdon-fireet, in the City of JVeftminfter, or flopping there longer than to take up or fet down a Fare.

7.	Perfons wilfully obftruCting the Pafiage of the Streets, &c. with empty Calks, Pipes, Carts, &c. except while plying for Hire on their proper Stands, or except while fuch Calks, &c. are removing to or from any Ware-houfe, &c.

For more particular Directions and Cautions relative to the Execution of this A Cl, fee the Extracts from it in this Book, Page 11. Article 11.

I come now to the third Method of arrefting by a ConftabJe, viz. by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of a Magiftrate lawfully authorized.

Whenever a Warrant is granted lawfully, and directed to the Conftable of B, or to all Conftables, or to all Peace Officers, the Ccn-Fable mult execute it, or he will be liable tq an Indictment,

A Treatife on the Office of Conftable.	279

And though the Warrant itfelf hath been sgainft Law, yet the Officer hath been allowed Co juftify under it (a).

Mr. Lambard, fpeaking of the Power of a Juftice of Peace, faith, If he make any Warrant, though it be beyond his Authority, yet is it not difputable by a Conftable or other inferior Mini-fter, but mu ft be obeyed. Lamb. 67 and 94.

And Brudenell, in the Book of Hen. 8. fi4 H. 8. 16. a), tho* he denied the Authority of the Juftice to make the Warrant, admits that the Officer who executed it, could not be punifhed *, for every Juftice of Peace, fays he, is a Judge of Record, and he hath a Seal of his Office^ and when he makes a Warrant under his Seal to the Officer, now the Officer ought to give Credit to the Seal*, for this is his Authority, and being but an Officer, he can no more difpute the Authority of the Judge than the Sheriff can ours.

If a Warrant be diredled by a Juftice ofConftaMee*e-Peace to the Conftable of D. to arreft a Felon, curing War-4 Cfc. he is not bound to go out of the Vill to”nty^jto^ -execute the Warrants but yet if he do execute/ e 1 it in another Vill, it is good enough j for he adts herein not fimply as Conftable of D. but by virtue of the Juftice’s Warrant*, and lb it was ruled in my Time flays Lord Hate) ac the Affizes at Norfolk, about ih68 (>')■

f?) Male’s P C 2 106	(£)	Hale’;	P.	C,	2.	no.

T +	If

280

Efcape.

Deputy.

Shewing his Warrant.

PrivateFerfon.

Franchife.

Breaking

Doors.

A \Treatife on the Office of Conjlabkl

If a Felon, after he is arrefted, efcape into another County, the Conftable may purfue and take him by virtue of his Warrant*, but if he efcape before the Arreft, the Conftable ought to purfue him into the other County by Hue and Cry. But if the Warrant be only for a Mifdemeanor, and the Offender efcape out of the County before he is arrefted, the Conftable cannot puifue him; yet even in this Cafe, if he efcape after the Arreft, he may be purfued and re-taken on frefh Suit (a).

The Conftable muft execute the Warrant himfelf, and cannot make a Deputy as a Sheriff may ; but he may charge others to his Af-fiftance (bj.

A Conftable, being a known Officer in the Vill, need not fhew his Warrant, tho’ it be demanded; but it is reafonable for him to acquaint the Party for what Caufe he arrefts him—As I arreft you for Felony, &c. (c).

But if the Warrant be directed to a private Perfon, as it may be, and he (as he may) arrefts the Party thereon, he is bound to produce his Warrant in cafe it be demanded, other-wife not (d).

A Warrant of a Juftice of Peace to arreft for Felony, may be executed in a Franchife within the County ; for it is the King’s Suit, in which a non omittas is virtually included (e).

The Conftable may juftify breaking open the Doors upon a Warrant to apprehend a Felon,

(a) Hale’sP. C 2. 119. (h) Hale’s P. C. 2. 11^. (c) Hale’s P. C. 2. 116.	(d)	Hale’s	P.	C.	2.	116.	(<)	Hale’s	P.	C.

3 U 6.

e?

rA Treat ife on the Office oj Conjlable.	28	%

or upon Sufpicion of Felony, if the Felon be in his own Houfe (a).

So, and a fortiori, if he be in the Houfe of another, (for here the Sheriff may do it on a civil Procefs) but this is at his Peril that the Felon be there ; for otherwife he will be guilty of a Trefpafs (b).

Upon a Warrant to fearch for ftolen Goods, Search War* the Conftable likewife may break open therant*

Doors, if they be fhut, and upon Demand made, thofe within refufe to open them (c) ; yet note, my Lord Hale here feems doubtful if the Goods were not there. In which he only fays, it feems the Officer is excufed ; and in another Place he exprefly fays, on fuch Warrant I think the Doors cannot be broke open (d),

Upon a Warrant of the Peace, the Confta- Peace War* ble may break open the Doors (e); but thisran£> muft be underftood where Security of the Peace is required, and not in cafe of an A {fault or any common Breach of the Peace.

Yet it is to be noted, that if the outward Breaking opes Door be open, the Conftable in any cafe may Doors, juftify breaking the inward Door ; for fo may the Sheriff or his Bailiff, thos the Procefs be without a non cmittas (f).

The Conftable in executing a Warrant againft a Felon, may juftify killing him, if before or after the Arreit, he flies and defends himfelf, fo that the Officer muft give over his Purfuit

(«) Hale’s P. C. 2. 117.	{b)	Hale's	P.	C.	2.	11 7.

(c) Hale’s P. C. 2. iqi. (d) Hale's P. C. 2. 117	{(}	Hale’s

AC.	(/}	Hale’s	P.	C.	1	45S.

and

A Treatife on the Office of Conjlahkl

and cannot otherwife take him (a)• And this* as hath been feen before, he might have done, in cafe of an Arreft, virtute officii, or by Hue and Cry.

The fame Law is it if in Truth he were no Felon, but yet a Warrant is againft him on Sufpicion of Felony, and he, having Notice thereof, flies and refifts* for the Officer or Minifter muft purfue his Warrant, or other-wife he is punifhable; and the Party by his Flight or Refiftance is acceflfary to his own Death (b).

But in this cafe the Officer muft be extremely cautious, and in his Juflification it ought to appear.

That he was a lawful Officer ; for though a private Perfon may arreft a Felon, and if he flies, fo that he cannot otherwife be taken, the killing will be excufable; yet this is at his Peri], viz. that the Party be really a Felon; for if he be innocent of the Felony, the killing, at leaji before the Arreft9 feems at leaft Man-flaughter, for the Reafon above given, for an innocent Perfon is not bound to take Notice of a private Perfon’s Sufpicion (c).

In all Cafes whatever, the Conftable or other Peace Officer will be juftified in the Execution of the Warrant.

(a\ Hale’s P. C. 2. 11 8. Lamb. 228.	(b)	Hale’s	P. C.

2. 118.	(r)	Hale's	P,	C.	2,	1	j	9,—-83. It is the fame before

pr after the Ane&

If

2%

rA reatife on the Office of Conflahle.

If the Matter be within the Jurifdi&ion of the Judice, * though it may want fome Cir-cumdances of Formality; for, as Mr. Dalton fays, the Warrant of a Judice of the Peace, though it be beyond his Authority, is not dif-putable by a Condable or other inferior Mini-der, but mud be executed by them (a).

But the Warrant mud be,

1.	For an Offence within the Jurifdidfion of Defcrlptiou of the Judice, otherwife an Action will lie againd Warrant, the Officer who executes the Precept (b)\ as

is exprefly adjudged in the cafe of the Mar-jhalfea (c) where a Difference is taken when a Court hath Jurifditdion of aCaufe and proceeds erroneoufly, then no A6tion lies againd the Officer who executes the Precept or Procefs of the Court; but when the Court hath no Ju-rifdiflion of the Caufe, then the whole Proceeding is coram non judice (before one who is no Judge of the Caufe) and an Action will lie without any Regard to the Precept or Procefs.

2.	Exprefs the Name of the Party to be taken (d).

* In the Trial of S'trrop the Regicide, L. C. B. Bridgeman exprefly fays. That if a Court at Common Law exceeds their Jurifdidtion, in that cafe he that obeys that Command is punifliable. In the Court of Common Pleas, if there be an Appeal there for Murder, it is only proper to the Upper Bench; and therefore if the Party be condemned, fentenced and executed thereupon, the Executioner is, in that cafe, guilty of Murder, for obeying that Authority, which was indeed no Authority. S. T. i v. 8^6. And the fame Point is again repeated by the fame Judge in CW’s Trial, fol 882.

{aJ Dale. c. 2. (b) Dali, c. z, (c) 10 Co. 76,	(d)	Hale's

p.e I.;??.

3. It

284	'Treatife	on the Office of Conftahlel

3.	It muft be under Hand and Seal (a),

4.	The Warrant ought to exprefs fome Crime ; but if it do not, yet, if the true Caufe were Felony or any Mifdemeanor within the Cognizance of the Juftice, it may, fays Lord Hale, excufe the Officer, in falfe Imprifon-nient (b). Hence it follows, that if, in fuch cafe, the Caufe were really not within the Cognizance of the Juftice, the Arreft would be illegal, and the Officer liable to an Action of falfe Imprifonment.

A Warrant obtained after the Arreft will not juftify the preceding Arreft by Authority of that Warrant.

Charging to Wherever the Conftable hath a Power to t^eir Afiift- arreft, either ex officio, or by Warrant, he may ance“	charge as many as he fhall think neceffary to

his Affiftance (c). And all, who are thus charged, are by Law obliged to affift him, and have, at the fame Time, the fame Protection of the Law, which the Conftable himfelf hath. %Hcn. 7. i» where, what -is faid of the Sheriff, may be applied to the Conftable, 10 H. 7. 6. The Conftable of the Town may raife the People upon Affrays, and the like.

The Conftable having arrefted his Prifoner regularly, brings him before a Juftice of the Peace, to be examined.

And this being, as Lord Hale well fays, his fafeft and beft Way in all Cafes (J), it is need-lefs co fcarch into the Depths of Antiquity for thofe obfcure and doubtful Authorities, with

(a) Hale’s P. C. i. ^77.	(£) Hale’s	P.	C

ft) Dak. c. 1. f, 8. {d) Hale’s P. C. 3. 95.

1. 578.

which

rA freatife on the Office of Conjlahle.

Vffiich Peace Officers have, of old Time, been Veiled, as they are none of them neceffary to be ufed, and muft, if ufed, fubjebt the Officers to great Hazard in the Nicety of their Execution. But till the Conftable can conveniently carry the Prifoner before a Juftice, he may in all Cafes juftify detaining him in fome fafe Place, as in the Stocks; or if there be no Stocks in his Vill, he may carry him to the Stocks in the Vill adjacent; or he may detain him in any other Place of Cuftody, as his or their Quality requireth, fays Mr. Dalton, c. i.

/ 7-

The Conftable may carry his Prifoner before Sped what Juftice of the Peace he pleafes, (for this rant, is at his Eledtion and not at the Prifoner’s) unlefs the Warrant be fpecial, and may be to bring him before that Juftice only who granted it. Dalt. c. 28. f 4.

This is, however, rarely done; and the ufual Way efpecially in Middlefex and Weft-fninfter, is to detain the Prifoner, if he be ar-refted by Night, in the Watch-houfe ; or if by-Day, either in fome publick Houfe, or in the Conftable’s own Houfe, till the Witnefies are ready to go together before the Juftice. And this feems well enough, and, indeed, a much more eligible Method than to fet the Prifoner in the Stocks, which would be expofmg them to Shame and Punifhment before it can be known whether he is guilty or not.

But by the Statute-of 22 & 23 Car. 2. c. 20. it is enadled, That if any Under-Sheriff, Bailiff, Serjeant at Mace, or other Officer or Minifter whatfoever, fhall convey, cr e.rjfe to be conveyed, any Perfons in their Cuftody, by Virtue

2:86	A Treatife on the Office of Conftabtel

or Colour of any Writ, Procefs or other Warrant whatfoever, to any Tavern, Ale-houfe or other Drinking or Vi&ualJing-houfe, without the free and voluntary Confent of fuch Perfon, fo as to charge fuch Perfon with any Sum of Money for any Wine, Beer, Ale, Victuals, Tobacco, or any other Things whatfoever, but what fuch Perfon fhall call for of his or her own Accord; and fhall demand, take, or receive, or caufe to be demanded, taken or received, diredlly or indire&ly, any other or greater Sum for fuch Arreft, taking or waiting until fuch Perfon fhall have procured Bail, &V. or take and exa<5t any other Reward for keeping the faid Perfon out of Prifon, than what he fhall of his own Accord voluntarily give or fhall take or receive any greater Sum for each Night’s Lodging or other Lxpences than what is reafonable and fitting in fuch Cafes, or fhall be fo adjudged by the next juftice of the Peace, or at the next Quarter-Seffions ; and fhall caufe or procure the faid Perfon to pay for any Wine, Beer, Ale, Vi6tuals, Tobacco or other Things, than what he fhall voluntarily, particularly and freely call for j he fhall forfeit his Place, and treble Damages to the Party grieved, to be recovered by virtue of the A<5t. Dah. c. J. f 13.

If a Conftable, having arrefied a Prifoner Efcape. by Authority of a Statute, doth not lawfully difcharge himfelf of him, but fuffers him to elcape, it feems, by the Book of 10 Edw. 4. (a)

he

{a) 10 E 4 pi 21.

rA Treatife cn the Office of Conjlabk.	287

lie is liable to an ACtion of Trefpafs ab initio, by the Party arretted.

If a Coriftable, having received a Warrant from a Juftice of the Peace, to apprehend the putative Father of a Baftard Child, if he fuffers him to efcape, may be bound to the good Behaviour, and fo over to the next Gaol-Delivery or Quarter-Seffions, and may be there ordered to contribute towards the Maintenance of the Baftard, or be fined. The like in cafe of the Mother {a).

The Prifoner being committed to Gaol, the Peace Officer, in whofe Cuftody he is, ought to carry him thither dire&ly.

If a Man, arrefted for Felony, as he is carrying to Gaol, offer Refiftance and fly, thofe that have the conducting him may without Blame kill him. Lamb. 228.

Conftables are the proper Officers to a Juftice of Peace, as Sheriffs are to the higher Courts of Juftice; and they as well as Headboroughs, Tythingmen and other Officers of the Peace, are obliged to execute the Warrants either generally or fpecially, directed to them by the Juftices of the Peace : And when the Warrant is lawfully granted for a Matter within the Ju-rifdiCtion of the Juftice, they may always fafely execute it in a legal manner.

By 27 Geo. 2. c. 20. The Conftable executing charges of a Juftice’s Warrant for levying a Penalty or making Di-other Sum of Money directed by any ACt offtrels* Parliament, by Diftrefs, may deduCt his own reafonable Charges of taking, keeping and

(e) Dale c. 11. f. z-

felling

$88

Charges of

conveying

Vagrants.

Charges of conveying an Offender to Gaol.

A Treatife on the Office of Conjiahlel

felling the Goods diftrained, returning the Overplus on Demand, after fuch Penalty of Sum of Money and Charge deduced.

By 17 Geo. 2. c. 5. A Provifion is made for the Payment of Conftables, for the conveying of Vagrants, out of the County Rate.

A Perfon committed to Gaol, for any Misdemeanor, Shall bear his own Charges (if able) for conveying or fending him to the faid Gaol and the Charges of thofe that guard him thither ; and if he fhall refufe at the Time of Commitment to defray the fame, or Shall not then pay the fame, the Juftice committing him fhall by Warrant to the High or Petty Conftable, where the Perfon fhall inhabit, or from whence he fhall be committed, or where he fhall have any Goods within the County, order fo much to be fold thereof, as by his Difcretion fhall fatisfy the fame ; the Appraife-ment to be made by four honed Inhabitants. 3 J. c. 10. f 1.

By 27 Geo. 2. c. 3. it is enabled, That when any Perfon not having Goods or Money within the County where he is taken, fufficient to bear the Charges of himfelf and of thofe who convey him, is committed to Gaol, or the Houfe of Correction by Warrant from any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, then, on Application by any Conftable or other Officer who conveyed him, to any Juftice of the Peace for the fame County or Place, he fhall upon Oath examine into, and afeertain the reafonable Ex-pences to be allowed fuch Conftable or other Officer, and fhall forthwith, without Fee or Reward, by Warrant under his Eland and

4	4

Seal, order the Treafurer of the County or

A freatife on the Office of Conjlabk«

Place to pay the fame, which the faidTrea-furer is hereby required to do, as foon as he receives fuch Warrant; and any Sum fo paid,

/hall be allowed in his Accounts.

And it is further enabled, That within the County of Middlefex, the Expences -of the Conftable or other Officer, occafion^d by the conveying of any Perfon to Gaok by virtue of a Warrant from any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, (hall (after fuch Expences have been examined into upon Oath, and allowed by fuch Juftice or Juftices, and for which no Fee or Reward fhall be taken) be paid by the Over-feer or Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh or Place where the faid Perfon was apprehended ; who is and are hereby authorized and required to pay the fame; and the Sum or Sums fo paid, fhall be allowed in his or their Accounts.

By 24 Geo. 2. c. 44. f 6. it is enaded, That The Conila-no Adion fhall be brought againft any Confta- kle’s Indem-ble or other Perfon ading by his Order, and n!^.anc? pf°' in his Aid, for any Thing done in Obedience ^ 1S to the Warrant of a Juftice of the Peace, tili Demand hath been made or left at the ufual Place of his Abode, by the Party or by his Attorney, in Writing, figned by the Party demanding the fame, of the Perufal and Copy of fuch Warrant, and the fame hath been re-fufed or negleded for fix Days after fuch Demand ; and if after Compliance therewith, any fuch Adion fhall be brought, without making the Juftice who figned fuch Warrant Defendant, on producing and proving fuch Warrant at the Trial, the Jury fhall give their Verdid for the Defendant, notwithftanding anv Defed of Jurifdidion in the Juftice. And

U	U

290

rA Treatife on the Office of Conjlahk*

if fuch Action be brought jointly againft fuch Juftice and Conftable; on Proof of fuch Warrant, the Jury lhall find for the Conftable, not-withftanding fuch Defied of Jurifdidion as aforefaid ; and if the Verdid be given againft the Juftice, the Plaintiff (hall recover his Cofts againft him, to be taxed in fuch manner by the proper Officer, as to include fuch Cofts as the Plaintiff is liable to pay to fuch Defendant, for whom fuch Verdid lhall be found as aforefaid.

But to conclude: An attentive Regard to the following general Obfervations on the Duty of a Conftable, it is apprehended, will be of Ufe :

Firft then, let them be induftrious to acquaint themfelves with the Powers given them as Peace Officers by the Common Law, the Statutes, and by the Warrants of Magiftrates. Let them exert this Authority with Ca-ution, Integrity, and Moderation ; confidering well before they deprive any Subjed of his Liberty. When they have taken any Perfon in Cuftody, let Safety, Humanity, and an expeditious Conveyance before the Magiftrate, be their chief Confideration; for voluntary Efcapes are Impeachments of a Conftable’s Integrity, and lay him under the odious Sufpicion of Corruption. Harfhnefs and Severity co Prifoners, call the Officer’s Humanity in Queftion. Delay in going before a Magiftrate, and entering into flie Merits of the Complaint, is often the Occafion of Oppreftion, and fometimes makes the Officer liable to become the Inftrument of the Profecutoi’s Malice; for, as he cannot sdminifter an Oath, he is liable to be impoled

on :

rA Treat fe on the Office of Conftable.

bn 5 and a Conftable is to remember, that he is to apprehend Offenders and not to determine Offences; that being the Office of the Magi-ftrate only, before whom every Prifoner taken Jnto Cuftody for any Offence ffiould be carried, in the Officer’s Juftification, who cannot other-wife difcharge him with Safety. Support your Office with Spirit, but never ufe any indecent Language, or any ways infult your Prifoner, and never ftrike but on the utmoft Neceffity; For whenever you meet with Difficulty or Re-fiftance in the Execution of your Office, charge the Standers-by in the King’s Name to aid and affift you, and, if poffible, thofe whofe Names you know; for on their Refufal they are liable to be indifted.

Thus you may multiply your own Power as often as you may find neceffary, and Occafion requires.

PINT S.
