EXTRACTS

From such of the

PENAL LAWS,

As particularly relate to the

Peace and Good Order

of this

METROPOLIS:

To which are added,
---
The Felonies made fo by Statute, Some General Cautions to Shop-keepers; AND

A fhort Treatise on the Office of CONSTABLE.

By Sir JOHN FIELDING,

One of his Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the Counties of Middlefcx, EJfex, and Surry, and for the City and Liberty of IVe)'hnhijler.

aT~n e wed fr i o n.

LONDON:

Printed by II. Woodfall and W. Stitaha n. Law. Printers to die King’s Moil Excellent Mnjdly, ior A. Mi i,la it, in the St/anJ. M.DCC,LXU,

\

To his GRACE

THE

Duke of NEWCASTLE,

Lord Lieutenant and Cuflos Rotulorum for the County of Middlefex.

• My LORD,

AS your Grace, amidR the many important Objeds which muft neceffarily in-grofs the Time of a Perfon of your Rank and high Employments, humanely afforded your Attention to the Peace and Safety of the Inhabitants of this Metropolis in the Year *754, when our Streets, Lanes and Fields were infefted by Gangs of the moft defperate and cruel

Robber's

DEDICATION.

Robbers and Murderers, by efta-blifhing at that Time a Flan of a Police, for the more eafy Detection and bringing fuch Offenders to Juf-tice, and for the Prevention of other Di(orders, which has been attended with the bed of Confequences; whatever Improvements have been (ince made in that Plan, feem to claim your particular Patronage: And it is for this Reafon, therefore, that the following Sheets are dedicated to your Grace.

They contain Extracts from mod of the Penal Laws provided by the Legiflature for the Peace and good Order of this Metropolis ; and as the Ignorance of, and Inattention to, thefe Laws, have been and dill are the Occafion of many Dilorders and Irregularities, it is thought that this Method of pi; chilling them will he productive of very good iiffedis, and render their Execution, in a great Meafurc, unneceffiry, by

making

O

DEDICATION.

making the Pe6ple acquainted with them; and Prevention, I am per-fuadedj will ever be more pleafing to the Benevolent* than Punilh-ment.

And I hope, at the fame Time I make this OBering of Refpedb to your Grace, it will be fome Proof to you of my Fidelity in the Execution of that Trull with which you have fo long honoured me, by fhewing your Grace that 1 Ipend my whole Time in an Employment more fatiguing, more dangerous, more confined, and lefs latisfa&ory than any can imagine, or mod will believe: An Office, which nothing but the exadteft Caution and ftridl-eft Integrity can render either eafy or fecure; and nothing but the high-ell Dilhonelly, meanelt Venality, or bafell Corruption, can make lucrative. For my own Part, I hope for the Continuation of your Grace’s valuable Protection, on no

A	other

DEDICATION, other .Foundation, than a diligent faithful and impartial Execution of my Duty, nor wifh for the Confidence of the Publick but from their own Experience of an active, unbiased and difinterefied Conduct: And to fucceed in both thefe, will ever be the Objedt of his Ambition, who is, with the higheft Gratitude and Refpedt,

My LORD,

Your Grace’s mofi Dutiful, And the PublkKs Faithful Servant^

JOHN FIELDING.



INDEX.

Ballet,	Page	79

Beafliality, No. 16.	276

Beggars,	91

Bell-metal Healing,	232

Beer Licence,'	150

Beer railed or mixed, Appendix,	368

Brewers railing their Beer, or mixing the fame. Appendix,	ibid.

Bigamy, No. 26.	280

Bills Healing, No. 5.	270

Black Aft, No. 35. .	283

Blacks,	142

Black Lead Healing from Mines, No.	59.	295

Bleaching Grounds robbing, No. 25.	■	280

Bends Healing, No. 5.	270

BraH or Eeli-Metal Healing, or receiving,	232

Bread,	126

Breaking Prifon, No. 32, 33	282

Brewers felling Beer to unlicenfed Publicans, 154 Buggery, No. 16.	276

Burglary, No. 2.	269

•-------No. 14.	275

Builders Hoards in Wcjlmhijlcr,	54

C.

Cambrick expofed to Sale, ftV.	183

Carts, Carrs, and other Carriages,	and	their

Drivers regulated,	9

Carts Handing in the llo.yrw.rhet ^	12

Carts, their Parcs,	19

Calks, fee Obflruftions.

Cattle, Healing, No. 39.	286

(Cautions to Shop-keepers, Inn-keepers,	and

Stable-keepers.	250

Cheats, a Lilt of	250

Churches,

INDEX.

Churches, pulling down,	Page	70

Cleaning the Streets,	132

Coach-Makers, fee Obflrudlions.

Coaches and Chairs, (Hackney)	59

Coaches and other Carriages, their Duty, 123 Coach-Houfes, robbing to the	Value of five

Shillings, No. 17.	276

Coals,	106

Combinations of Journeymen,	173

Congregations, difturbed,	69

Conjurors,	gi

Confpiring ro kill the King, or	any of the

i-Kulhold, No. 48.	291

Coiili:a; ; Office,	321

Copper healing or receiving,	232

Coin counterKited, dipt No. Co—73.

Corn growing dcftroyed,

wafhed, uttered, &c.

295—3QI

J34

Corn, Sfr. malicioufiy dcftroyed, in Carts, Granaries, Vefiels, and affaulting and beating Per-lons carrying the fame to Market, No, 4.5. 289 Cutting Perfons Cloaths in the Streets or High-

ways,

No. 30.

2S2

D.

Dirt thrown into the Street,	39

Diforderly	Houfes,	63

Dilordcrly	Public	Houfes,	lot

Ditlurbing	divine	Worfhip,	69

Dog-ftealing, No. 39.	286

Drunkennels,	95

Dvvclling-lioufe robbing of 40 s. No. 4.	270

A 4	E.

xi

INDEX.

xm

G.

Game,	Page 221
Gaming in Public Houfes,	lot
Gaming in general.	238
Gardens robbed.	134
Gravefend Boats,	228
Guards quartered in Wejtminjier, more fully ex®	
plained. Appendix,	368
Gyplies,	91
H.	
Hackney Coaches and Chairs,	59
Handicraftfmen,	138
Hatts, fee Manufactures.	
Hair Powder,	223
Hay,	si8
Hawkers and Pedlars,	246
Hawks ftealing, No. 39.	28 6
Hazard,	79
Hedges broke down.	*34
Highways, their Prefervation,	13
Highwaymen or Robbers afiaulting with Intent	
to rob. No. 24.	2 79
Hoards for Buildings in VPeJlmmJler,	54
Hogs kept in London,	99
Hopps or Public Dancings without Licence, 181	
Horfes, what Number to be drawn in	Waggons
on Turnpike Roads, &c.	*3
Horfe-ftealing, No. 49.	292
Houfes, breaking open in Day-Time,	and fteal-
ingto the Value of 5.!. No. 1.	269
Ploufes, diforderly,	%
Houfes pulling down.	70
	Hue

X.

Page 164 138

INDEX.

Hue and Cry,

Hufbandry Servants,

Imbezelling King’s Arms, Ammunition and Stores, No. 30.	287

Informers againft the Sellers of Spirituous Liquors afiauked, and fuch Offenders refcued.

• No. 47.	291

Ingrofling, Appendix,	368

Infurers defrauded by dehroying Ships, £dV.

No. 74.	301

Iron, fee Manufacture.

-----'healing c r receiving,	232

■----healing from the Freehold, No. 36.	285

Journeymen Taylors,	144

Journeymen, fee Manufacture.

Jury Annoyance,	51

' K.

Keys robbing to the Value of 40s. No. 21. 278

L.

Labourers	138

Landlords defrauded by	Tenants,	159

Lamps,	42

Lead (healing or receiving)	232

■	-----healing from the Freehold,	No. 36.	286

Leather, fe:c Manufacture.

Letters (tlireaming)	147

Licences to fell fpirituous Liquors, Beer and Ale,	150

■	----for public Entertainment,	189

6	Li-

XVI

INDEX.

P,

Pafiage,

Page So

Pavements within the Bills of Mortality, 56

-----in the City and Liberty of Wejtminjler, 51

Pawnbrokers, their Regulation,	189

Pedlars and Hawkers,	246

Penfioners of Chelfea College,	224

Perjury, its Puniihment, No. 13.	275

Pickpockets, and privately dealing from the Perfon, No. £1.	292

Pirates, No. 52.	292

Places of public Entertainment without Licence,

181

Plan for preventing Frauds and Felonies, 263 Plate Duty,	s 15

Plate in Public Houfes forbid,	131

Players of Interludes,	91

■----in Public Houfes,	183

Ponds breaking,	226

Pods deftroyed,	134

Poilbning, No. 53.	293

Powder for the Hair,	223

Privy Counfellor attempted to be killed or flruck in his Office, No. 44.	293

Priefts and Jefuits, No. 55.	ib.

Proclamation to difperfe Riotors, Form thereof. No. 57.	294

Profecution of Felons by indigent Perfons allowed for,	244

Publicans railing their Beer, or mixing the fame.

Appendix,

Public Houfes diforderly.

Pulling down Houfes, Churches, Buildings,

and

368

IO E

other

70

Qc

X.

SvHi

i N D E

Salefmen in the Haymaucet,	Page	118

SaJefmen of Cattle,	.	122

Scavenger,	132

Sea Fifh,	82

Se^f, great or Privy counterfeited, No. 60. 295 Securities fteaiing, No. =5.	2,70

Seducing Artificers, &c. to go abroad, 179 Serpents and Squibs, ' ''	71

Servants in Husbandry,.	j38

-.....-in genera].	Ibid.

•—:------------------------obfervation thereon,	140

Sharpers, their Schemes and Devices, 250 $heepftealing. No. 39.	286

JShips deftroyed to defrau.d Infurers, Noi'74. 301 -r—jrobbed to the Value of 40s. No. 21, 278 Shipwrecks, No. 75—80.	302—304

Shoemakers, fee Manufactures.;

Shop-breaking, No. 2.	269

Sh6p-keepers Cautions,	-	250

—a .Plan for preventing Frauds aud Felonies, ....	276

Shop-lifting to the Value of 5s. No.! 1 7.	263

Sign. Manual of-the King counterfeited. No. 66.

. . - - .	295

Silk, iee Manufactures.

Silversmiths, their Licence,	196

Sluices on navigable Rivers dcltroyed. No. 22.

278

Smugglers, No..46.-.	290

Sodomy, No. 16,...,..	276

Soil thrown into the Streets,	39

Soldiers Quarters and other Matters relative thereto,	202

Solder, (fteaiing or receiving)	232

Spirituous Liquors in general,	)	50

Spouting Clubs,	184

Straw,

INDEX.

Straw,	Page 118
Stabbing, No, 28.	2S6
Stables robbing to the Value of gs. No. in. 276	
Stores (King’s) imbezelled, No.	30. 287
Sundays,	45
Swans Eggs,	22 £
Swearing prophanely.	96
Sweeping the Streets,	IgZ
Swine kept in London,	99
T.	
Taylors, Journeymen,	i44
Tenants defrauding Landlords,	159
Threatning Letters,	J47
Tilt Boats,	231
Tradefmen following Bufinefs to which they are	
not apprenticed.	114
Tranfportation and Receivers of Rolen Goods,	
No. 27.	281

Tranfports returning before their Time, &c.

No. 28, 29.	,	282

Trees cut down,	•	'	;	138

Turnips, ftealing or deftroying,	149

Turnpikes deftroyingand Turnpike-men afiault-ing, &c. No. 22.	278

Turnpike Roads, their Prefervation,	13

U.

Underwoods fpoiled,	134

Unftampt Newfpapers,	247

Ulurers,	224

Utenfils in the Woollen and	Silk	Manufactures

exported,	179

Vagrants,	pr

Vdfds robbing to the Value of 40J. No.	21.	27S

W.

INDEX.

xx

W.

Warehoufe breaking, No. 2.	Page	269

------robbing to the Value of 5 s. No. 17. 276

Watchmakers and their Journeymen,	128

Watermen, their Apprentices and Fares, 227 "Weights and Meafures,	130

Wharfs robbing to the Value of 40s. No. 21. 278 Wheels, the Size of their Fellies on Highways or Turnpikes, with other Matters relative thereto.	13

Whitening Grounds, robbing to the Value of ror. No. 25.	280

Wine Licence,	153

Woods cut and deftroyed,	134

—-----fetonFire, No. 58.	294

Woollen, fee Manufacture.

Wollen Goods deftroyed in the Loom, No. 43.

288

Woollen Goods or Worfted deftroyed in Tenter Grounds, No. 44.	289

Women taken away by Force, No. 50.	292

Wrecks, No. 75—80.	302—304

T H E

[ * ]

THE

i! JLlk	jL~s	w	'Ofi	JL	JL	JL	n	©

AM O N G the various Grievances, which a falfe Notion of Liberty induces Men to complain of in this Kingdom, the Multiplicity of our Laws is one ; and more ef-pecially the great Number of penal Statutes, which inconfiderate Perfons have deemed as Reftraints upon Liberty.

And as fome Men have been weak or wicked enough, to endeavour to diflatisfy the Minds of the People relative to thofe wholefome penal Laws, calculated for the Peace and good Order of this Town, and have thereby made the inferior Clafs of Men impatient of Authority, and rendered the Office of Magiftrate more difficult; it is apprehended that it may be ufeful to explain the Caufe, Nature, Utility, nay, the Neceffiity of them : From whence it will appear, that they are really no other Reftraints upon true Liberty, than what every good and honeft Man would wifii for for true Liberty can only confift with thofe Reftraints, which pure Religion and good Government lay upon Mankind.

The Multiplicity of Laws, fays an ingenious Writer, fhould not be looked upon fo much

B	as

*The INTRODUCTION.1

For this Purpofe, therefore, I have in the following Sheets made Extra&s of all thofe penal Laws which relate to the good Government of this Metropolis, and will enable every Inhabitant to judge for hirnfdf when he has received any Injury, Inconvenience or. Infult from another, in what Manner he is to apply for Redrefs, and point out immediately to him the Punilhment the Law has prefcribed for the Offender.

What EngliJJman would wifh any one of thefe Laws fhould be repealed, fo wifely calculated for the Safety, for the Security of the Lives, Property, Liberty, and Happinefs of the Subjeft ? And it is the candid, diligent and impartial Execution of thefe Laws, that make a great Part of the Englijh Police; which Word, as it has been greatly mifunderftood and mifreprefented, I fhall endeavour to explain.

The belt Explanation I have ever met with of the Word itfelf, is what follows, viz. That it is the Regulation and Government of a City or Country, fo far as regards the Inhabitants. And this muft always be fuited to the Nature of the Government and Conftitution of the Country where it is exercifed. The Police of an arbitrary Government differs from that ufed In a Republic and a Police proper for England, muft differ from them both •, as it muff; always be agreeable to the juft Notion of the Libert/ of the Subjcdt, as well as to the Laws of this Country.

In the Year 175.'), there were fcvcral large and dcfpcrate Gangs o"f Street-robbers, Houle-breakers, CdV. that infefted this Metropolis, and the Neighbourhood about it ; who com-R 2	mitted

4

The INTRODUCTION.

mitted the mod audacious Robberies, Cruelties.* and Murders.

His Grace the Duke of Newcaftle, fhocked at thefe Outrages on his Majefty’s Subjects, dire died the late Henry Fielding, to consider of fome Plan for the fpeedy Removal of thefe Mif-chiefs, and for the more eafy apprehending and bringing fuch Olfenders to Juftice; which was immediately laid before his Grace, approved and fupported by him; and as it owed its Rife to his Humanity, fo does it its Continuance to his Care and Attention ; 2nd what happy Effedfcs have fince arofe from this Police, the Public can beft judge.

When thefe Adis of Violence were fubdued, Prevention was the next Object in the Confi-deration of that Magiftrate, who weighed and confidered the Caufe and Increafe of Robberies in general, and pubiifhed them in a fmall Pamphlet, which has been the Occafion of many good and wholfome Taws, and the Caufe of many Advantages arifing from this Inftitution of a Police; which is nothing more than enabling one or more Magiftrates to give up their whole Time to the Public; to be watchful over Evils as they arife in Society, and to fupprefs them in their Infancy by a due Execution of the Laws : For by habituating Mankind to an Obedience to the Laws of .their Country, Peace and good Order imperceptibly arife : And, at the fame Time, by bringing all Informations of Fraud and Felony into one Point, keeping a Rcgifler of Offenders, making quick Purfuits, opening a general Correfpondencc with all the active Magiftrates in the Country, Efcapes are icndered difficult, and Difcoveries eafy : A Circumflance perhaps

that

The INTRODUCTION.

without any Reftraint on the Liberty of the Subjedt: For, let the weak or wicked laugh at or abufe this Police as they pleafe, every true Briton rauft have this Satisfaction to refledf, that no private Perfon whatever, no Watchman, Beadle, Conftable, or Magiftrate, can unjuftly deprive him of his Liberty or Property, with Impunity.

From an attentive Perufal of thefe Extradls it will appear, that it is fcarce poffible for a Subjedl! to fuffer either Injury, Inconvenience, or even Infult, without fpeedy Remedy : And as the Ignorance of a Law is no Excufe for the Breach of it, it is greatly to be hoped and much to be wifhed, that this Publication of the penal Laws, will take away the difagree-able Neceflity of putting any of them in Execution ; — Prevention being in all Refpedls more eligible than Punifhment.

But that the above Plan may be executed with EffeCt, it is highly neceffary that the Public fhould do their Part, viz. to give immediate Notice of all Frauds and Felonies, with exadt Defcriptions of Perfons and Things, on which Account all Expreffes and Meffengers will be paid their Expences, and rewarded for their Expedition, and their Informations received at all Times: And if any Inhabitant is annoyed by diforderly or Gaming-houfes, Flops, or illegal Affemblies, by their Children, Servants or Apprentices, haunting the fame; Information or Notice thereof being given by Letter or otherwife, due Enquiry will be made, and every Means ufed to lupprefs the Evil. In thefe Cafes, Inhabitants appearing

thcmfelves,

7

7

The INTRODUCTION.

themfelves, renders the Matter eafy ;-

for it has been found by Experience, that nine out of ten of thefe irregular Meetings have been lupprefled merely by the Magi-ftrates fending to the Parties, and making them acquainted with the Nature of the Offence, and the Penalties which the Laws in fuch Cafes preferibe.

B 4

EXTRACTS

t 3 ]



FROM THE

!

PENAL LAWS

Relating to the Peace and good Order of this Metropolis.

CHAP;!

Extracts from 30 Geo. 2. c. 22.	18	Geo.

2.	c. 33.	31	Geo.	2.	2	W.	&	M.	Sejf.

2.	c. 8. relating to the ObflruElions in the Streets and Highways, and to the CondnSi of Drivers oj Carts, Cars, Drays, and other Carriages.

^ H E Increafe of Bufinefs, arifing from the Advancement of Commerce, the Addition of Inhabitants, and the croud-ing of Buildings in this Metropolis, occafioned fome Mifchiefs, and many Accidents, from the Inhabitants confidcring too much their own Conveniency, neglecting the Laws of Society, and forgetting that noble Rule of doing as we would be done by. — Thefe Caufes, at length, producing daily Obllrudtions in the Streets,

and

9

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

and Injuries to the Paffengers therein, made the following Laws neceffary.

I.	The 30 Geo. 2. c. 22. f 5. enadts. That no Obftruclions Perfon fhall wilfully obirruct the palling orin Scncral-repafiing of his Majefty’s Subjects, in any

public Streets, Lanes, or open PaiTages, within the Cities of London and JVcftminfier, and Suburbs thereof, the Borough of Southwark, and

other Streets within the Bills of Mortality;

* J

Qbserv. This is a general Claufe^ and relates to ObfiruUions of every Kind.

II.	Or fhall pur, or fet, any empty Pipes, gy Cafks. Butts, Barrels, Calks, or other Veffels, in any

fuch public Streets, Lanes, or open PaiTages within the Limits aforefaid, (except for fuch reafonable Time only as fhall be neceffary for the carrying or removing thereof to or from any Houfe, Warehoufe, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, or for the trimming thereof);

III.	Or lhall fet or place any empty Cart, carts and Car, Dray or other Carriage, in any luch pub- other Carria-lic Street, Lane, or open Paffage within theSes*

Limits aforefaid, except only during fuch reafonable Time as any fuch Cart, Car, or other Carriage, lhall be plying for Hire, in the

Place or Places appointed, or to be appointed, for the Handing thereof, fo to ply for Hire by the Perfons authorized to appoint fuch the Standings thereof; and except during fuch reafonable Time as any fuch Cart, Car, Dray, or other Carriage, lhall be waiting in any fuch public Street, Lane, or open Paffage, to load or unload Goods or Commodities, or to take up or let down a Fare; on Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding 20s. nor lei's than 5s.

or

2G	Extracts from the Penal Laws.

or be committed for any Time not exceeding a Month.

No Carriage	No Hackney Coachman, Carman, or

to ply for Hire other Perfon or Perfons, fhall ply for Hire with in the Streets any Hackney Coach, Cart, or other Wheel here-mention- Carriage, in Bridge Street, Parliament Street, •p ‘	Great George Street, St. Margaret's Street, or

Ab'mgdon Street, in the City of !VeJl?ninfter, or any of the faid Streets j or ftop, or flay any longer Time in any of the faid Streets, than to take up, or fet down, a Fare, or load, or unload Commodities; on Pain of forfeiting not more than 20s. nor lefs than 5 s. or being committed for any. Time not exceeding a Month. S. 6. Drivers not to V- No Driver of any Carriage fhall, by Neg-obiiruct free ligence or Mifbehaviour, prevent, hinder or in-Paffagesin the terrupt the free Pafiage in any of the Streets or Streets, Ways within the Bills of Mortality •, on Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding 20 s. or being committed for any Time not exceeding a Month. S. 7.

YI. No Perfon fhall fet, place, or leave any pr rg ways'-ernpty Waggon, Cart, or any other Carriage, in any public Highway within this Kingdom, fo 'as in any manner to interrupt or hinder the free Pafiage of any other Carriage, or of his Majefty’s Subjects, except only during fuch reafonable Time as fuch Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, fhall be loading or unloading •, on Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding 20 s. or being committed for any Time not exceeding a Month. S. 8.

or ride on VII. No Driver of any Waggon, Cart, Car, their Carir. Dray, or other Carriage, on any public Highway, fhall ride upon any fuch Carriage, not having fome other Perfon on Foot, or on Horfe-

back,

12

Any Perfon may apprehend Offend

ers.

Extracts frotn the Penal Laws.

XI.	And for the more ffeedy bringing fuch Offenders to JuJlice, the 30 Geo. 2. c. 22. S. 13. ena&s, That any Perfon, who fhall fee any of the Offences mentioned in this A£t committed, fhall and may, by Virtue of this A<5t only, without any Warrant, apprehend the Offender, and carry him, her, or them, to fome Conftable, or other Peace Officer, in order to his, her, or their being conveyed before a Magiftrate, to be dealt with according to Law.

Obs. Where the Offender is known, or can be found by the Name or Number on the Carriage, or any other Means, a Complaint to a Magiftrate is firft recommended,

XII.	By the 31 Geo. 2. No Perfon or Perfons

Cam to ftand-Ihall permit or fuffer his, her, or their Waggon, in Hay	Cart, or Car, loaden with I-Jay or W. w for

Market.	Sale, to ftand or be in any Hay Market within

the Weekly Bills of Mortality, from Lauy Day to Michaelmas after Four o’Clock in the Afternoon, and from Michaelmas to Lady-Day alter Three o’Clock in the Afternoon, on Pain of

Time for

forfeiting 5J. three Days.

>The Profecution to be within The Application to be made and the Offender to be fum-

ObltnuElions by Calks or Coaches to make or

mend ; I im- within

her or Stones

to a Magiftrate, moned.

By the 2 IV. [ft M. Sefj. 2. c. 8. ft. 4. No Perfon or Perlons fhall hoop, wafh or cleanfe any Pipes, Barrels, or other Calks or Veffels, in any of the Streets, Lanes, or open Pafiages the Bills of Mortality ; nor fhall let out any Dung, Soil, Kubbifh, or empty Coaches to make or mend, or rough Timber or Stones to be fawn or wrought in the Streets, on Pain of forfeiting 20s. for every Offence.

OllSERV,

14

^prfeituie of ope of the Hprfes, &c.

Extracts from the Penal Laws; or Neat Cattle only) to travel, pals, or be drawn upon any -Turnpike Road, unlefs the 'pnalty 51. orp.jjjes 0f £]ie \yj-,cejs Gf every kith Waggon, &c. be of the Bread;h or Gage of nine Inches from Side to Side at the leafc, on Pain of the Owner of every fuch Carriage forfeiting for every fuch Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, or any one of the Horfes or Beafts of Draught drawing fuch Carriage, not being the Shaft, or Thill-horfe, together with all Geers, Bridles, Halters and Accoutrements to fuch Horfe or Beaft beIong:ng, to the foie Ufe and Benefit of the -Perron or Perfons making fuch Seizure. S. i.

-TheDiftrcfs That the Perfons making fuch Seizure or fobedeliver’dDiflrefs fhall deliver the Horfe, Beaft, and a Convabie, Things fo feized, into the Cuftody of the Con-ftable, or fome other Parifh Officer of the Place, .who is to take in or near where fuch Seizure fhall be made ; Pj-iaf§eptherp' and every fuch Conftable or Officer are hereby required to take and receive the fame into his and their Cuftody, and fafely keep the fame, till the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Seizure orDilfrefs, fhall make Proof upon Oath before fome Jufiice of ti.e Peace of the Offence com-

f, till Proof <e made of jjje Offence.

j?roof to be made within ^hrec Day

which Proof mu ft be made within three Days, or the Diftrefs to be returned. S. 2.

That it fhall and may be lawful, for any Carriage leaden with, or carrying one Tree or Pi ece of Timber, or one Stone or Block of Marble only, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth dr Gage of nine Inches

or be driven in or1

thcDiikcfs mitted ;

Returned.

farringes den with f>pe Tree or fqnc Block, having the ’pellics 9

Riches broad, or upwards, to travel, pals,

^nay he diawn Upon any Turnpike Road, with any Number of W IviiN- I Fa Ifs or Beal’s of Draught; and alfo for any by any Vlum- Waggon, or other four Wheel Carriage, having

the

Extracts from the Ferial Laws.

the Fellies of the fame Breadth or Gage, to her of Horfes; travel, pafs, or be driven upon any Turnpike ?^ot]he/,fou.r Road as aforefaid, with any Number of Horfesages^ew;t£m’ or Beafts of Draught not exceeding Eight; and any Number for any Cart or other two Wheel Carriage, hav-not exceeding ing the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the^^d Breadth aforefaid, with any Number of Horfes^ or Beafts of Draught not exceeding Five, with- Number not out being fubjed: and liable to be weighed at any exceeding 5, Crane, Machine, or Engine, or to the additi-onai Toll of 20 s. granted and made payable ^eio-tad. & for every Waggon or other Carriage drawn by z+Geo. z. Six Horfes — S. 4.	c- 43-

That'it fhall be lawful for any Waggon, orvv other Four Wheel Carriage, the Breadth of the with broad C’ Wheels being Nine Inches or upwards, to travel. Wheels may pafs, or be driven on any Highway within he drawn on Great Britain, with any Number of Horfes or^kh anAYS Beafts of Draught not exceeding Eight; and forNumbeJ0f any Cart or other two Wheel Carriage, having Horfes not the like Wheels, with any Number of Horfes exceeding or Beafts of Draught not exceeding Five, with-out being fubjed: to any Penalties or Forfeitures wjth any '

' for caufing the fame to travel, pafs or be driven Number not by a greater Number of Horfes or Beafts ofexceec**n£5* Draught than are now allowed' by Law; any Thing contained in any Statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

And by the 5 Geo. 1. c. 12. /. 4. it is perf0ns hin-enadxd. That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall, dciing, Sec. or do hinder, or with Force or otherwife at- ^lic'n Seizure, tempt, or endeavour to hinder or obftrudfc the‘":c' leizing, diftraining, talcing or carrying away of any Seizure or Diftrefs, or Matter or Thing feized or diftrained lor any the Penalties' or Forfeitures incurred, or to be incurred or forfeited

Penalties extended to Carts, S:c.

Extracts from the Penal Laws. feitetl by Virtue of this Adt, or fhall refeue the fame, or fhall ufe any Violence to the Perfon or Perfons concerned in making fuch Seizure or Diftrefs; every fuch Perfon or Perfons, on Proof upon Oath before One Juftice, fhall be committed by fuch Juftice to the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize for the Space of Three Months, and fhall alfo forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds,

By 14 Geo. 2. c. 42. /. 6. it is enacted. That the above A£t of 5 Geo. 1. and all and fingular the Claufes, Penalties and Forfeitures therein pot travelling contained, fhall extend, and be conftrued to for Hue. extend to all Waggons and Carts, and to the Owners and Drivers thereof, his and their Horfes, with the Geers, Bridles, Halters and Accoutrements, whether travelling for Hire or not for Hire, or in any manner whatfoever; and alfo that his and their Horfes, with the Geers, Bridles, &c. fhall, for the Space of Three Days next after fuch Offence, be, and remain fubjedt and liable to fuch Seizures and Diftreffes; and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon and Perfons, as they would or might h ive been, had they been febed or diflraincd in the Fad, during the Commilffon of fuch Offence. Excepting what relates to the Streaks or 7'ire, and the Nails with which they are to be: let on to fuch Waggons as do not travel for Hire; which is altered by the 15 Geo. 2. c. 2.

By die 26 Geo. 2. c- :;o. f. 13. it is enacted, 7"hat if any Perfon fhall hinder, or attempt to prevent or obftmdf, the meafutingor gaging the Fellies of fuch Wlicils, or the iei/.ing or dif-oi any Horle or Beafl of Draught by

Penalty of i,l,lintel iiie, Liu; :nv.:lut'i tilt; tialujs or in;.Ptug pifinib.

tr. mung

1_8	Ext raffs from the Penal Laws.

Bridles, Halters and Accoutrements, to the foie Diftrefles to Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons as be delivered fhall fejze or diftrain the fame; and fuch Horfes and m°al-eable w^en fe'ized, are to be delivered to the Con-Proofof the liable, or other Peace Officer of the Toivn, Offencebefore Parifh, or Place where feized* and Complaint ajuftice, who on Oath to be made to the next Juftice, who, Horfe^be ° on ^onvidtion of the Offender, fhall order the delivered to Horfe to be immediately delivered to the Perfon the Seizer, making fuch Diftrefs.

This A6t fhall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to fuch Waggons, Wains, Carts or Exceptions. Carriages, as fhall be employed in or about Hufbandry, or manuring of Land, and in the carrying of Cheefe; Butter, Hay, Straw, Com unthreffied. Coals, Chalk, or any one Tree or Piece of Timber, or any one Stone, or Block of Marble ; Carravans, and the covered Carriages of Noblemen and Gentlemen for their own private Ufe, or fuch Timber, Ammunition or Artillery as fhall be for the Service of his jyiajefty, his Heir? and Succeffors.

Q H A P;

Extracts from the "Penal Laws.

*9

CHAP. III.

Ext rafts from 30 Geo. 2. relative to the Fares of Carts, Carrs and Carroons, taking up Goods in the City.

HIS Statute enadts, that the Juftices of the Peace of the City of London for the Time being, (hall have Power and Authority at the General Seffions of the Seffioqs to Peace, which lhall be holden for the faid City affefs Rates of London nest after the 24th Day of Junejn ®nd !’nces *°r every Year, as Occalion lhall require, to alfefs Goods?6 ° and rate reafonable Rates and Prices for the Carriage of all Goods taken up in the faid City of London, and carried by any fuch Licenfed Carts, &c. as well in the faid City of London, as from the faid City of London into the City of Weftminfier, or any other Place not exceeding the Diftance of three Miles from the faid Cityancj majce of London, and alfo to make R ules and Orders ru]cs and for the Regulation of the Drivers of fuch Carts, Orders for the Carrs and Carroons, to compel Payment for Regulat!on the Carriage of Goods, and to annex reafonable Dllvers‘ Penalties for the Breach of fuch Rules, not exceeding 5/. for each Offence. The faid Rules to be printed and affixed up in fome publick Place of the City, and to be otherwife made

publick, within 20 Days after making the fame. .T ,

TT 'T'l . a r n 11 r i ■	No Peifon to

11.	1 hat no Perlon lhall ule or drive any |iavc or llfe

Cart for Hire in the City of London, or the Cam in Lon-

Liberties thereof, without Licence for that without

Purpofe firlt obtained from the Governors of jJ'ccn;c

Cbrjjt’s Hofpilal; on Pain of forfeiting 40s. on s

C 2	Conviftion,

Carts not to fiana but at Places appointed.

“Wliat to be deemed JLoads, half Loads, &c.

Extracts from the Pend Laws. Convi&ion, before one Juftice of the Peace of the City of London.

111.	That no empty Cart or Carr of any Carman fhall Land in any other Place or Places in the City of London or Liberties thereof, other than thofe appointed for that Purpofe, unlefs during fuch Time as is neceffary for the loading or unloading Goods; nor no greater Number of Carts to Hand than (hall be appointed by- the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen •, on Pain of forfeiting $s. for the firft Offence^, ios.'for the fecond ; and for the third and every other Offence, the Sum of 20 s. and the Beadles or Conftables, or any of the Inhabitants of the City of London, may take the Cart and Horfes of any fuch Offender to the Green Tard, there to be impounded until the Owner fhall have paid the Penalty incurred, and the Charges of impounding the fame.

' IV. Every Parcel of Dry Goods, fuch as Indigo, Argol, Cheefe and all other Goods (not hazardous) of the like Bulk and Weight, whether in one or many Calks above 19 Hundred Weight, not exceeding 25 Hundred Weight, to be deemed a Load.

Ditto above 15, not exceeding 19 Hundred Weight, a fmall Load.

Ditto, not exceeding 15 Hundred Weight, an half. Load.

Parcels of Grocery, to be deemed as follows, that is to fay,

For, or as a full Load.

Two Tlogfheads of Sugar, light or heavy. Three Tierces of ditto, not exceeding 25 Hundred Weight.	One

Extra&s from the Penal Laws.

One Butt and one Carroteel Currans.

Fifty Bafkets Malaga or Denia Raifins.

Thirty Frails or Pieces of Alexias.

Twenty Barrels of Belvideras or Leporasi,

Twenty Barrels or eighty Tapnets Figs.

One Butt, and a fmail Caflc of Smyrnas.

Three Bales of Annifeed.

Six Barrels of Almonds.

For, or as a fmail Load,

One Butt Currans or Smyrnas.

One Butt and one Roll Currans.,

Twenty Quarter Barrels or fifty Jars of Raifins of the Sun.

Three Puncheons of Pruned

One Hogfhead of Sugar, or any Parcel of Grocery, not exceeding 15 Hundred'Weight, to be deemed an half Load.

Pot or Pearl Afhes, weighing from 19 Hundred Weight to 25 Hundred Weight, to be deemed a Load.

One ditto, not lefs than i 5 HundredWeight, is j(wall Load.,

Two Hogfheads of Tallow, a Load.

Fifh, Oil, ten Barrels to be a Load.

RATES to he paid for Carriage,

From any of the Keys below the Bridge, to any Part of Lower Thames-fired up Fifh-flreet-hill to the Monument up Pudding-lane, Boiol-ph-lane, St. Mary-hill, St. Dmifian's hill, or any of the Lanes leading from Thames-fired, Puddhig-lane, t&otolpb-lane, and that Part of Upper Thamcs-C 3	jireet

23

Extracts from the Penal Laws

exceeding the London Workhoufe, Aldgate High-ftreet within White-chap el-bars, Houndf-ditch and the Minories.

For a Load, 3 j.

For a /nail Load, 2J. 6d.

For an half Load, is. 6d.

From the /{Vyr to all Places within the Gates and Bars (the above-mentioned Articles, other* wife afcertained before) excepted.,

For a Load, 3 s. 6 d.

For a /matt Load, 2 s. 10 d.

For an half Load, 2 s. 6 d.

For Torkjhire Packs to all Places within the Gates, per Pack, 2 s. 6d.

For ditto, to all Places between the Gates and Bars, per Pack, %s.

For Spanifh Wool to any Place within the Gates, per Bag, 4d.

And from all other Warehoufes to Blackwell-hall, and all Inns within the Gates, per Bag, 3 d.

For ditto, to all Places between the Gates and Bars, per Bag, 5 d.

N. B. Ho carry nine Bags of Spanifh Wool in a Load, and no more.

Several kinds of Goods next hereinafter-mentioned, being either not weighable, hazardous or cumberfome, are to be carried at the Rates next herein after fpecified, viz.

Left India Goods that are weighable, as Tea, Coffee, (Be. to any of the Companies Warc-houfes in Fcnchurch -fir cot. Lime-fir cel, the Exchange, (Be. 2s. 2d. per Ton, and 2d. per Hundred the Over-weight.

C 4.

All

Extr'aBs frdm 'the Penal Laws. Quantity of Oil, not exceeding 150 Gallons, to be efteemed an half Load.

From any of the Keys below the Bridge, to any Part of Lower Thames-ftreet, or any Part of Upper ‘Thames-ftreet as far as the Three Cranes, or to any of the Lanes or Hills leading from or to the above Places, to Tower-jlrcet, Mark-lane, Mincing-lane, Seething-lane, Crutched-fnars, Poor-jury-lane, Fenchurch-jlreet» Lime-fireet, Billiter-lane, Leadenhall-ftreet, Liikis-place, St. Maty-axe, Bifhopfgate-ftreet within, Cornhill, Finch-lane, Lomlard-ftreet, and any of the Lanes leading from thence, Cannon-ftreet, Walbrook, Budge-row, Grace-church-ftreet, both Eajl-cheap, Philpot-lane, Rood-lane, and Places of the like Diftance,

For a Zcvzi, 2 j. 6 i.

For a _/#;#// Load, 2 s.

For an half Load, is. 6d.

From the Keys to Broad-ftreet, Thread-needle-

jlreet, Lothbury, Bartholomew- lane, Coleman-ftreet. Old-jury, St. Lawrcnce-lane. Ironmonger-lane, Milk-fireet, Aldermanbury, Wood-ftreet, Cheapfide, Bow-lane, Bucklersbury. Poultry, the Back of the Exchange, Friday-ftreet, Bread-ftreet, Bafmg-lane, Bread-ftreet-hill, Trinity-lane, OldFijh-ftreet, any Part of Thames-jlreet Weftward of the Three-cranes, and Places of the like Diftance.

For a Load, 3 j.

For a ftnall Load, 2 s. 6 d.

For an	Load,	2 j.

From

Extracts from the Penal Lams.

From the Keys to London-wall, Sc. Martin's* le-grand, St. Paul's Church-yard, Doctor’s-commons, Pater-nofter-row, Newgate-ftreet, Blow-bladder-ft reel. Bull-and mouth-ftreet, Fofter-lane, and Places of the like Diftance within the Gates 5 as alfo to Bi/hopfgate without, Aldgate Jiigh-ftreet within, Whitcchapd-hars, Hoimdf-ditch, and the Minories.

For a Load, 3 s.

For a finall Load, is.

For an half Load, 1 s.

From the Keys to Ludgate-hill, Fleet-market, Qld-baily, Snow-hill, Holbourn-bridge, Smithfield, Alderfgate-fireet,.Barbican, Redcrofs-ftreet, Fore-ftreet, and Places of the like Diftance,

For a Load, 3 s. 6 d.

For a jhall Load, 3 s.

For an half Load, 2 s.

From the Keys to Fleet-ftreef, temple-bar, Fettdr-lane, Holbourn- hill, and Places of the like Diftance,

For a Load, 4 s.

For a finall Load, 3 s.

For an half Load, is. 6d.

JSf. B. One Piece and one Puncheon of Brandy and two Puncheons of Rum, to be accounted a Load.

One Piece of Brandy, or any Quantity of Rum above 150, not exceeding 200 Gallons, to be eftcemed a finall Load.

One Pipe or one Puncheon of Brandy, one Puncheon or any Quantity of Rum, not exceeding 50 Gallons, to be efteemed an half Load.

For

ButraSls from the Penal Laws*

For Cartage of Goods from the Wharfs, &c. Weftward of the Bridge, the fame Parcels of

Goods to be accounted a Load---------A ftnall

Load--------'An half Load, as from the Keys

below the Bridge.

From any of the "Wharfs between London-bridge and Puddle-dock, to any Part of Upper Tbames-fircei, or any of the Hills or Lanes leading diredlly out of it.

For a Load, 2 s.

For a fmallLoad, is. 6d.

For an half Load, i s. 6d.

From any of the Wharfs between London» bridge and Queenhithe, or any of the Warehoufes In or adjoining to that Part of Upper Thames-fireet, to all Places above excepted within the Gates,

For a Load, 2 s. 6 d.

For a ftnall Load, 2 s.

For an half Load, n. 6 d.

To all Places between the Gates and Barsg,

For a Load, g s. 4 d.

For a ftnall Load, 2 j. 6

For an half Load, 2 s. 2d.

From any of the Wharfs between Queenhithe and Puddle-dock, or any of the Warehoufes in or adjoining to that Part of Thames-fircet to Old Fijh fireet, Carter-lane, Dodiors-commons, Bafing-latic, St. Paul's Church-yard, Newgate-fireet, Cornhill, and all Places within the Gates, Weftward of the Streets leading from Bijhopf-gate to London-bridge, up the Hill,

For

ExiraBs from the-Penal Laws.

Ditto above 15 not exceeding 19 Hundred Weight, a jmall Load.

Ditto not exceeding 15 Hundred Weight, an half Load.

Each of the following Parcels of Grocery ' to be accounted a LO A D:

Two Hogfheads of Sugar, light or heavy. Three Tierces of ditto, not exceeding 25 Hundred Weight.

One Butt and one Carroteel Currans.

Fifty Bafkets Malaga or Denia Raifins.

Thirty Frails or Pieces of Alexias.

Twenty Barrels Belvideras or Leporas.

Twenty Barrels or eighty Tapnets Figs.

One Butt and a fmall Cafk Smyrnas.

Five Barrels of Rice.

Three Bales of Annifeed.

Six Barrels of Almonds.

A fmall LOAD:

One Butt Currans or Smyrnas.

One Butt and one Roll Currans.

Twenty Quarter Barrels or 50 Jars of Raifins pf the Sun.

Three Puncheons of Prunes.

Pot or Pearj Allies, weighing from 19-Hundred Weight to 25 Hundred Weight, be deemed a Load.

One Caflt not lefs than Fifteen Hundred Weight, a fmall Load.

Two Hoglheads of Tallow, a Load.

One Hogflicad of Sugar, or any Parcel of

Grocery,

MxtraBs from the Penal Lams.

Grocery, not exceeding 15 Hundred Weight, to be deemed' an half Load.

Winef Olive Oil’, Brandy, Ru?n> &c. as follows, viz.

Two Pipes, two Butts or four Hoglheads of Wine, one Piece and one Puncheon, two Puncheons or Pipes of Brandy, two Puncheons of Rum, two Pipes, two fmall Butts, one great Butt, four Hoglheads or any Quantity of Oil, whether in one or more Calks above 200 not exceeding 300 Gallons, to be accounted a Load.

One Pipe and one Hbglhead, or three Hoglheads of Wine, one Pipe or one Puncheon of Brandy, three Hoglheads or any Quantity of Oil, Rum, £f?c. above 150 not exceeding 200 Gallons, to be efleemed afmall Load.

One Pipe, one Butt or two Hoglheads of Wine, one Pipe or one Puncheon of Brandy, one Puncheon of Rum, one Pipe, one fmall Butt, two Hoglheads, or any Quantity of Oil, not exceeding' 150 Gallons, an half Load.

Filh, Oil, ten Barrels to be (and not hazardous) a Load.

From any of the Keys below the Bridge, or from Cannon-fired, Lonibard-firect, Leadenhall-fireet, and Places of the like Diftance, not exceeding Cornhill, Bijhopfgatc-fireet within, Wallbrook, Budge-row, Qiieen-fircet-hill, and Queenhithc, to any Part ol the High-ftreet in the Borough of Southwark,, as far as St. George’s Church, to any of the Wharfs in Tooley-Jlrect, not exceeding Synmond’s Wharf, and Places adjacent, of the like Diftance,

For

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

For every Load of Dry Goods and Grocery as above-mentioned, 2 s. 6d.

For a Jmall Load of ditto, 2 s.

For an half Load of ditto, if. 6d.

Wine, Olive Oil, Rum, &c. from and to the above-?nentioned Places,

For a Load, 3 s.

For a fmall Load, 2 s. 6 d.

For an half Load, 2 s.

From any of the above-mentioned Keys and the above-mentioned Places to the Eankfide, Gravel-lane, Deadman's-place, Blackman-ftreet, Kent-jireet, White-Jlreet, Long-lane, Bermondfey-Jlreet, St. Saviour* s-dock, or Lock-head, Sbad-thames, Blacks-felds, or any of the Wharfs in Ycoley-jlreet, below Symmond’s "Wharf, and all Places adjacent, of the like Diftance,

For every Load of Dry Goods and Grocery as above-mentioned, 3J.

For every fmall Load, of ditto, 2J. 6^,

For an half Load of ditto, 2 f.

0/7, Brandy, Rum, &c. /a the above-mentioned Places,

For a L<W, 4/.

For a fmall Load, 3 f.

For an half Load, 2 s. 6d.

[fhe Bridge and Bridge-Yard foil to be paid by the Merchants.]

From

33

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

To Charing-crofs, Whitehall, any Part of Weftminfier as far as Bnckingham-gate, St. James’s fireet, Piccadilly, to the End of Dover-fireet, Old-bond-Jlrcet, Conduit-fireet, Newport-market* Soho, Oxford-road, to the End of Great-Swallow-Street, and Places adjacent, of the like Diftance,

For a Load of Dry Goods or Grocerys 6s. For a fmall Load, 4 s. 6 d.

For an half Load, 4s.

Wine, Olive Oil, Brandy, Rum, &c. to the above Places,

For a Load, ys.

For a fmall Load, 5 s. 6 d.

For an half Load, 4 s. 6d.

To Gropuenor-fquare, May-fair, Berkley-fquare, Hanover-fquare. New-bond-fir eet, Cavendijh-fquare, and Places of the like Diftance,

For every Load of Dry Goods or Grocery, ys. Fora fmall Load of Ditto, $s. 6d.

For an half Load of ditto, 4 s. 6d.

Wine, Olive Oil, Brandy, Rwn, &c. to the aforefaid Places,

For a Load, 8 s.

For a fmall Load, 6 s. 6d.

For an half Load, $s.

From the Keys to Goodmans-fulds, Eafi-Smith-field, the Hermitage, White-chapel without the Bars, as far as George-yard, not exceeding Dirty -

D	lane.

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.	'35

To Rat cliff-highway, Wapping, O/i Gravel-lane, Cock-hill, Sbadwell, and Places adjacent, of the like Diftance,

For a of Dry Goods or Grocery, 4 x.

For a finall Load of ditto, 3 x.

For an half Load of ditto, 2X. 6Z

Wine, O/ruf O//, Brandy,	&c«	to

the above Places,

For a Load, 5 x.

For a _/»?£// ZW, 4X.

Bov an half Load, 3s. 6i.

To Ratcliff-crofs, Stepney-caufway, Limehoufe,

Bell-wharf, Shadwell-dock, and all Places adjacent, of the like Diftance,

For a IW of Dry Goods and Grocery, 5X.

For a finall Load of ditto, 4x.

For an half Load of ditto, 3 s. 6d.

Wine, Brandy, Rum, Olive Oil, &c. ft? f/jf	Places.

For a ZcW, 6x.

For a /;;;«// Load, gs.

For an half Load, 4 x.

From the Z&yx to Spital-fields, Shoreditch,

Moorficlds, Windmill-hill, Chifwell-jlreet, and Places adjacent, of the like Diftance,

For a Load of Dry Goods or Grocery, 4X.

For a finall Load of ditto, 3 x.

For an half Load of ditto, 2 x. Cd.

Wine,

D

3^

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Wine, 0/7, Brandy, Rum, &c. the above Places,

For a 4J. 6^.

Fora [mail Load, q,s. 6d.

For an half Load, 2 s. 6d.

To Oldftreet, that Part of Whitecrofs-ftreet out of the Freedom of the City, Golden-lane, Gofmell-fireet, St. John s-fireet beyond the Bars, Clerkenwell, Leather-lane, Saffron-hill, Hockley-in-the-hole, and all Places adjacent, of the like Diftance,

For every Load of Dry Goods or Grocery, 4s.

For a fmall Load of ditto, 3 s.

For an half Load of ditto, is. 6d.

Wine, Olive Oil, Brandy, Rum, &c. /o the afore-mentioned Places,

For a Load, 4 s. 6d.

For every fmall Load, $s. 6d.

For an half Load, 2 s. 6d.

And as to all other Places and Goods not before particularly mentioned, the fame are to be carried and paid for in the manner following, that is to fay,

All Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, what-foever, weighing 14 Hundredweight, or under, fhall be deemed half a Load; and from 14 Hundred Weight to 26 Hundred Weight, fhall be deemed a Load, from any Part of the City of London and the Rates for carrying frail be as follows :

For

38

Extracts from the Fend Laws.

For any Way more than three Miles and an half, and within four Miles, for half a Load, or tinder, 5 s.

For above half a Loadt and not exceeding a Load, 6 s.

And fo after the fame Rate to the Extent of Ground limited by A£t of Parliament.

And for all Merchandizes and Commodities that cannot be divided, weighing above 26 Hundred Weight, the Carman (hall, over and above the Rates above-mentioned, receive and be paid after the Rate of 2 d. per C. for every Hundred Weight exceeding 26 Hundred Weight, and fo in Proportion for lefs than a Hundred Weight.

That if any Difpute (hall arife between the Employer and the Carman, about the Diftance of Ground that the Goods have been carried, or the Weight of the Goods carried, either Party is to be at Liberty to apply to the Lord Mayor, or any Juftice of the feace of the City of London: And on fuch Application, the Ground (hall be directed to be meafured from the Place where the Cart was loaded, by fome Perfon to be appointed for that Purpofe by the faid Lord Mayor, or any fuch Juftice to whom fuch Application fhall be made. And if a Difpute arifes concerning the Weight of the Goods carried, the fame (ha'll be weighed, if it can be conveniently done, and the Party in Default dial 1 pay all fuch Expenccs as fhall be afeertained to be reafonable by the Magiftrate before whom the Parties (hall have been heard.

Obs.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Qbs. It is much to he lamented, that the above Adt had not extended the Power of the Scffions to fixing the Rates and Fares of Carmen taking up Goods in the City and Liberty of Weftminlter, and Parts adjacent, as they are at prefent under no Regulation relative to their Fares; and it is alfo much to he wifhed, that the Fares of Porters, who carry Goods and Parcels from the Inns to different Parts of the ’Town, who are very apt to impofe on the Parties to whom they carry them, vyere fettled and fixed •, as many Per fans have been obliged to pay more for little Prefents of Game, &c. than the Value of the Things themfelves.

ExtraBs from the 32 Geo. II. for the better Regulation of Laflage and Ballafage in the River Thames, and to prevent putting of Rubbif, Afhes, Dirt or Soil, into the faid River, and in the Streets, Paffages and Kennels in London, and hi the Suburbs thereof, in Middlefex and Weftminfter, and finch Part of the Duchy of Lancafter as is in Middlefex, &c.

I.	Y this Adi it is allowed that r 0,000 Ton

of Dung, Com poll. Earth, Soil, Chalk, •Chalk Rubbilh, Soap Allies, &c. is allowed to be yearly fhippcd as Ballad from any Part of the River Thames; Entries of which to be made at the Trinity T-Ioufe.

CHAP. IV.

P 4

II. If

4i

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

any Kennel or Channel in the City of London or the Liberties thereof; or in the Suburbs of the faid City of London, or tl^,e Liberties thereof, or in the faid City of PFeftminfter, or the Liberties thereof; or in fuch Part of the Duchy of Lan-cafier as lies in the County of Mid diefex, other than fuch as fhall be fvvept away by the ref-pective Inhabitants, before their refpeftive Habitations, on Pain of forfeiting 10 s. or to be committed to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding one Month.

V.	Nothing in this Aft fhall extend to pre-Exception, vent any Inhabitant, or his or her Servant, from fweeping immediately after Snow, Thaw or

Rain, into any Kennel or Channel within- the Limits aforefaid, any Ice, Snow, Dirt or Soil, which by Means of any fuch Snow, Thaw or Rain, fhall be before his or her Houfe or Tenement, (other than and except Rubbilh, which fhall be call out, thrown or put in any fuch Street, Lane or Paffage, within the Limits aforefaid, from repaired or decayed Buildings, or otherwife) or to infiift any Penalty on any fuch Inhabitant, or his or her Servant, in refpeft of his or her fo doing.

VI.	Juftices of Peace may convift Offenders ju^ceolta againft this Aft, on their own View and proper convia on Knowledge, in their refpeftive Jurifdiftions ; View or Irv or may grant Warrants on the Information of f°rm:uion. others to apprehend fuch Offenders, and fum-

mon Wirneffes.-------Profecmion to be within

feven Days.-------- Witncffes refullng to obey

when fummoned, or to give Evidence, forfeit

40 s.

42

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

40s, to the Poor of the Parifti where the Offence is committed.

Obs. The two great ObjeSls of the Legijlature in this A£l, are the Prefervation of the Navigation of the River Thames, which is of the utmoft Conference to this Metropolis, and Cleanlinefs in the Streets, which is of no left Conference to the Eafe and Health of the Inhabitants.

CHAP. V.

ExtraBs from 2 W. & M. fe£T. 2. c. 8. for enlightning the Streets.

Obs. AS Magifirates do every Year, at M»-chaelmas particularly, attend to the Execution of this Statute, the Publication of the following Claufe may perhaps prevent fome Inhabitants from falling under the Penalty of the Law. Indeed, in moft of the publick trading Streets, the immediate Inter eft, as well as Safety, induces the Inhabitants to hang out Lights as foon as the Evenings become long and dark •, and it is much to be wiped, that the Lights were equally attended to in that Part of the Town where People of Fafhion _ generally dwell; many of whom, not coining to Town till near Chriftmas, forget or neglebi to order their Lamps to be lighted, not ccnfidcring that they are fubjcH to the Penalty hereafter mentioned, nor the Inconvenience it is to Paffengers, who may at p>re-fent walk up half a long Street, without feeing a Lamp.

Inhabitants to L BV th« a,b,°VC Sta™te k is	fhat

lianp out every Houfliolder, within any or the PnriJneSj,

Lights. Places or Precinfts, in the Counties of Mid-

dlefex

44

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

eafter executed, and the Evils they were intended to remedy, eafier removed. For it is from Experience I have obferved, that for one Information made from the Motive of the Reward, twenty have been made from a Dejire only of removing a public Evil or Nuifance, without the leaf Regard to the Reward, which fuch Informers have generally applied themfelves to charitable Ufes, having firft paid the Expence of the Profecution: But as Gain is the common Idea of the Motive of all Informations, 'many even of thefe Perfons have been inf tilted for their good Offices to the Public, which would not be the Cafe, if Rewards in general were taken away; and the Removal of Evils themf elves would always be found fufficient Motives for Complaint, and at the fame Time it would give Weight and Dignity to the Laws themf elves.

As the above Adts only oblige Inhabitants to hang out Lights till Twelve o’CJock; and as the Manner in which many of them do hang out their Lights, is the Occafion of much Inconvenience, it were to be wifhed that one Law was made for enlightning the City of Weflmin-fter and the adjoining Parifhes, in the County of Middlefex, by which Lamps fliould be fixed on Ports on the Outfide of the Footway or other-wife, and in Courts and Paflages in the beft Manner they will admit of, at fuch Diftances as the Church-wardens and Overfeers, for the Time being, of every Parifh, and one Juftice of the Peace (hall think proper; with a Power for every fuch Parifli to make and raife a Rate for the Payment of the fame. The faid Lamps to be lighted by Five in the Evening, from Michaelmas to Lady-Day, and during the other Part of the Year by

Nine.

45

Entradls from the Penal Laws.

Nine. And as the Watch at prefent are of very little Ufe from the SmaHnefs of the Wages given, which puts the Truft into the loweft Hands, and from the Length of the Time which they watch, which makes them often leave their Stands to re-frelh. themfelves, or fubjedts them to deep, it would be ufeful, if in the fame Law one Provi-fion was made for the Watch throughout the above-mentioned Pari fires, whereby each Parifh might be enabled to make a larger Rate for the Watch; fo that there might be a double Number of Watchmen who might relieve one another in the middle of the Night, which would not much increafe the prefent Expence, but would induce more reputable Perfons to undertake this Duty, as they would be able by Means of this Relief to follow their ordinary Callings the next Day, which at prefent is impoflible, as they are obliged to fit up the whole Night.

CHAP. VI.

ExtraSfs from the 29 Ch. 2. c. 7. &c. relating to the due Obfer vance of the Sabbath.

IN the bell of Chriftian Countries in the Uni-verfe, and where Examples of Piety and Virtue abound amongft all Ranks in Life, one .fhould imagine that the Divine Law, fo ftridtly enjoining us to keep holy the Seventh Day, would be obferved with more Decency and Reverence than it is; tho’, indeed, in the Country, where the Inhabitants of finail Towns and Villages, and their Adtions, are refpedtively

known

t

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	47

Goods or Chattels whatfoever, upon the Lord’s Day, or any Part thereof, upon Pain that every Perfon fo offending, fhali forfeit the fame Goods fo cried or fhewed forth, or expofed to Sale.

IV.	That no Drover, Horfe Courfer, Waggoner, Butcher, Higler, their or any of their Drovers, Servants, fhali travel or come into his or theirHorfe

Inn or Lodging, upon the Lord’s Day, or anyCoarfers’ &c' Part thereof, upon Pain that each and every fuch Offender fhali forfeit 20 s. for every fuch Offence.

V.	That no Perfon or Perfons fhali ufe, employ or travel upon the Lord’s Day with any NoWaterman Boat, Wherry, Lighter or Barge, except it be orLighterman upon extraordinary Occafion, to be allowed by 'v'ork on fome Juftice of the Peace of the County,

Head Officer, or fome Juftice of the Peace of ep the City, Borough or Town Corporate, where the Faft fhali be committed, upon Pain of forfeiting 5 s. for every Offence y and in Default of Payment of any of the above Penalties, to be fet in the Stocks for two Hours.

VI.	Perfons may be convifted of any of the

above Offences on the View of a Magiftrate •, Manner of who may alfo, on Information upon Oath, Conviction, grant Warrants for the apprehending of fuch Offenders. But no Goods can be feized, or Perfon apprehended, without fuch Warrant.

VII.	Provided that nothing in this Aft contained, fhali extend to the prohibiting of dref-j;xc tjon fing of Meat in Families, or dreffing or felling

of Meat in Inns, Cooks Shops or Victualling IToufes, for fuch as otherwile cannot be provided, nor to the crying or felling of Milk beiore Nine o’Ciock in the Morning, or after Four

©’Clock

Profecution within ten Days.

Hackney Coaches and Chairs excepted.

Penalty on Pcrfons ab-fenling from Divine Service.

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

o’Clock in the Afternoon ; and except Mackareli before or after Divine Service, by the 11 and 12 W. c. 21. f 13.

VIII.	Provided alfo. That no Perfon or Per-fons fhall be impeached, profecuted or molefted for any Offence before-mentioned in this Adi, unlefs he or they be profecuted for the fame within ten Days after the Offence is committed.

IX.	Whereas the Handing to Hire, and driving Hackney Coaches, and the Handing to hire, and carrying of Chairs on the Lord’s Day, are or may be underHood to be forbidden by the before-mentioned Adi; and whereas the faid Reflraint is many Times found inconvenient, as well in Order to the Obfervation of the Day as otherwife, It is enadted by the 9 Ann. c. 23./ 10. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any licenfed Hackney Coachman, or his Driver, or any Chairman, to ply and Hand with their Coaches and Chairs, and to drive and carry the fame refpedlively, on the Lord’s Day, within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality.

Obs. From this Claufe it appears, ‘That Hackney Coaches and Chairs are the only privileged Carriages to work for Hire on Sundays. And as Stage Coaches were much in Ufe, and well biown at the Time of making the lajt-mentioned Act, if the Legijlature had intended to fuffer them to travel •with their Stages on Sundays, they would, no doubt, have been mentioned in the above Exception. Their Owners or Drivers, therefore, are certainly fubjedt to the Penalties of the above-mentioned Adi of Cha. II.

X.	By 1 Eliz. c. 2. fedi. 14. Perfons abfent-ing themfelves from Divine Service on Sundays, without realonable JExcufe, forfeit is. for every

5	Offence,

Extracts from the Penal Laws,

5°

Burthens.

Breadth of Wheels.

Number of Horfes.

Except ion.

CHAP. VII.

ExtraBs from the 6 Geo. 2. c. 6. 26 Geo. 2. c. 30. iB Geo. 2. c. 33.	29

Geo. 2. c. 25.	31	Geo. 2. — relating to

the Prefervation of the Pavements in the City and Liberty of Weflminfter, and

I. Y 6 Geo. 2. No Perfon in London or

JVeJlminJler, or within ten Miles thereof.

(unlefs it be upon the Turnpike Roads where the Fellies of the Wheels are nine Inches broad) ,f fhall carry at one Load in any Waggon or Cart, having the Wheels fhod with Iron, more than 12 Sacks of Meal, of five Bufhels each, nor more than 12 Quarters of Malt, nor more than feven Hundred and an half of Brides, nor more than one Chaldron of Coals, on Pain of forfeiting any one of the Horfes, with the Geers, Bridles and Halters therewith ufed, on Conviction within three Days before one Juftice.

II. By 18 Geo. 2. The Wheels of every Cart, Car or Dray, within the Bills of Mortality, fhall be fix Inches broad in the Fellies, which may be bound with Iron, provided the Plates are full fix Inches wide ; and no Cart, Car or Dray, fhall be drawn with more than three Horfes after they are up the Hills from the Water, on Pain of forfeiting 40 s. but this not to extend to any Country Cart or Waggon that (hall bring any Goods, or fhall carry any Goods half a Mile beyond the paved Streets of the faid Cities and Places.

the fpeedy repairing the fame.

III.

ExfraBs from the Penal Laws.	gi

III.	By 29 Geo. 2. c. 25 the Dean or High Steward, or his Deputy, the two chief Bur-geffes of PFef.mwJler, and the other Burgefles for the Time being, or any five of them,

^vhereof the faid Dean, High Steward, or his Deputy, or one of the faid two chief Burgefies,

£0 be one, fhall and may ifiue out their Precept Annoyance or Precepts to the High Bailiff, to impanel andJury* return eighty fuoflantial Houfeholders and Traders rcfiding in the feveral Parifhes in PVejhnht-jier; out of which any Number not exceeding 48, fhall be appointed as an Annoyance Jury, and the faid 48 fhall fubdivide themfelves into fmaller Bodies, not being lefs than twelve ia each Body, who are authorized and required to enquire into and prefent to the faid Court, according to their Oath, upon their own View and Knowledge, ail defective or bad Pavements, and all Annoyances in. Obftructions of, or Encroachments upon, any of the public Ways or Paffages within the faid City or Liberty; and the faid Jury fhall give or leave Notice in Writing of their Intention to prefent the fame at the Houfes to which fuch defedtive Pavements belong, or to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall caufe or fuffer fuch Annoyances, QWtrudtions or Encroachments; and if fuch Pavements are not amended, or fuch Annoyances, Qbftrudlions or Encroachments removed within fourteen Days after fuch Notice given, the Jury may amerce the Offenders in any Sum not exceeding 4 os.

IV.	All Perfons infuking or obftrudling ther:lruit;ngthe Jury in their Office, if convicted of the fame faiJ jury, before one Juflice, on the Oath of two or more Witneffes, forfeit 40 s.

E 2

V.

53

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

hereby declared to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof.

IX.	And all Pavements belonging or oppo-Oppoiite fite to Lands and Grounds, or adjoining to any Lands where Wall or Fence where no Houfes are eredted orar° built,' fhall be repaired; and all Annoyances 11‘ belonging thereto be removed by the Owners

of fuch Lands and Grounds, or other Perfon or Perfons who of right ought to repair fuch Pavements, or remove fuch Annoyances, as the Cafe fhall be.

X.	That all Tenants or Occupiers of Houfes,

Buildings or Grounds, in all Places within the^jr°pave^ faid City and Liberty, (hall be fubjedt and liable ments.

to repair the Pavements belonging or oppofite to any fuch Houfes, Buildings or Grounds; and it fhall be lawful for all Tenants to deduct and detain out of their Rent due or to grow due, all and every fuch Sum and Sums of Money as they fhall have expended in repairing* fuch Pavements, according to Notice to be given for that Purpofe by the Annoyance Jury aforefaid (except in fuch Cafes only where Tenants are by any Covenant, Contract or Agreement, to keep fuch £xccption Pavements in Repair at their own Expence); any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithstanding..

XI.	Pavements broke up by the Proprietors pavements t0 of Water-Works are to be relaid by them in abe repaired by fubflantial Manner, and if neglected for four-ProPrictors of teen Days, the Inhabitant to repair it, and toWate‘Woi'^s’ be reimburled by the Proprietors of the faid

Water-Works ;-------and the faid Proprietors to

be fined for the find Neglect in any Sum not exceeding 40 s. nor lefs than 20 J,

E 3

XII.

54-

who are to give Notice before the breaking up thereof.

For fpeedy Removal of Annoyances.

Builders

Bouids,

Ext raffs from the Penal Laws.

XII.	No Pavior, Proprietors of Water-Works, or their Agent, fhall break up any Pavement without firft giving Notice in Writing to the Occupier of the Houfe or Place to whom fuch Pavement belongs, by what Company of Water-Works they are employed; or where the Proprietor or Occupier cannot be found, by affixing fuch Notice upon fome con-fpicuous Part of fuch Houfe, Ground, Wall or Building, on Pain of being amerced by the faid Jury in any Sum not exceeding 40 s. for every Offence.

XIII.	The Annoyance Jury may oblige Per-fons to remove any Annoyances, Obftructions or Encroachments upon any of the public Ways, Streets or Paffages, within the faid City and Liberty, of fuch a Nature as to require as fpeedy a Removal as may be, or can be removed in lefs Time than 14 Days, in any lefs Time as the faid Jury (hall think proper; provided they leave Notice in Writing at the Houfe of the Perfon who fhall have caufed or buffered the fame, expreffing the Time given for the Removal thereof; which if they fhall neglefl or refufe to remove within fuch limited Time, they fhall forfeit any Sum not exceeding 40s.

XIV.	No Builder or other Perfon fhall fet up any Plourd or Fence in any of the publick Streets, Lanes or Paffages within the faid City and Liberty, without a Licence under the Common Seal of the faid Court of Burgeffes, exprefling the Length and Breadth of fuch Hourd or Fence, and alfo the Time the fame fhall be allowed to continue ; if any Perfon fhall offend in this Particular, or fliall fuffer any Materials lor building to remain on the Outride of any

Hourd

Extracts from the Penal Laws:	55

Hourd or Fence above the Space of forry-eight Hours, fhall be amerced by the faid Jury in a Sum not exceeding 40 s. for every Offence.

XV.	That where the faid Jury of Annoyance Repairing of fhall, upon their View as aforefaid, find any Pavements, bad or defective Payment belonging to any Annoyances'S empty Houfe or Building within the faid City before empty or Liberty, or any Annoyance before fuchHoufes. Houfe or Building, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Jury, and they are hereby authorized, directed and required, to prefent fuch .defective or bad Pavement, or fuch Nui-fance, to the faid Court of Burgefles, firft leavingNotice in Writing on the Door, or other publick Part of fuch empty Houfe or Building, of their Intention to prefent the fame. And in cafe the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of' fuch Houfe or Houfes, Building or Buildings, fhall not, within fourteen Days after fuch Notice given as aforefaid, caufe fuch Pavement to be amended, or fuch Annoyance removed, then the faid Court fhall forthwith caufe fuch Pavement to be repaired, or fuch Nui-fance to be removed; and the faid Jury fhall amerce the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of fuch Houfe or Building, in fuch Sum or Sums of Money, as by the Order and Direftions of the faid Court fhall be laid out and expended in making good fuch defe&ive Payment, or removing fuch Nuifance, and the Charge attending the fame; which Lid Amerciament or Amerciaments fo fet as aforefaid, fhall be levied on the next Tenant or Tenants,

Occupier or Occupiers, of the Ground-floor of fuch Houfe or Houfes, Building or Buildings, in fuch Manner as is herein after direfted for the E 4	levying

57

Ekfraffs from the Penal Laws. of Houfes to repair, pave, and keep repaired* amended and paved, the Streets, Lanes or Rileys before his Houfe, Stables or Out-houfes,

To far as his Houfe Walls or Buildings extend, unto the Denter-Stone, Channel, or Middle of the fame Street, Lane, or Alley, on Pain of forfeiting 20s. for every Perch or Rod, and after that Rate for a greater or lefler Quantity, for every Default; and of 20s. a Week for every Week after, until the fame fhall be fufficiently paved and amended.

And by the fame Statute it is enabled, That the Juffices in their Quarter Seffions may order new Streets within the aforefaid Diftridl to be paved, after the "Nece fifty of the fame hath been certified to them under the Hands of one or more Juffices of the Peace of the Place orDi- . .. . vifion where fuch Streets, &c. doth lie; andto^madfTto Perfons offending againft this Order, are liable one Juftice of to pay 40J. lor every fuch Offence or Default, thePeace. for every Perch, and after that Rate for a great- New Ctreets er or lefler Quantity ; and the like Sum for every tobe Week, till the fame be paved, or amended and paved, repaired ; and when paved or amended, the like Sum as thofe that fhall not pave and repair open Streets, Lanes and Alleys.

And the Owners and Inhabitants of fuch new HouLs are obliged by the faid Order to pave fuch new Streets, £ec.

But by the fame Statute it is enndfed, That Streets paved fuch ancient Streets, Lanes and Alleys withinas formerly, the faid Places or any of them, as by Cuflom and Ufage have been repaired and paved by any other Order, or in any other Manner, fhall be hereafter repaired, paved and maintained, in .Inch Sort and Manner, and by fuch Perfon and

Perfons

Ext raffs from the Penal Laws.

C H A P. IX.

Extraffs from 9 Ann. c. 23.	1	Geo. r.

c. 57. relating to Hackney Coaches, Coachmen, Hackney Chairs and Chairmen.

I.	np HI S A& enacts. That if any Perfon or perfons refuf, JL Perfons fhall refufe or negled. to pay.ing to pay any Coachman or Chairman the Money juftly the Fare, due to him or them for carrying in his or their Coach or Chair; or fhall wilfully cut, deface or break any fuch Coach or Chair, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any Juftice of the°r ^ef"ac’nS Peace where fuch Refufal fhall be made, or^L^oadl or Damage done, upon Complaint thereof; to grant a Warrant to bring before him the Perfon againft whom fuch Complaint fhall be made; and upon Proof made upon Oath, to award reafonable Satisfa&ion to the Party grieved for his Damage and Cofts; and upon Refufal to' pay or make fuch Satisfaction, to bind over the Party refilling to the next General Quarter-Sefiions; who have Power finally to hear and determine the fame, and award Satisfadtion to the Party grieved; and for Non-Payment to levy the fame by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels.

II.	That if any Perfon who fhall drive a Coachmen or Coach, or carry a Chair for Hire, not being chairmen interefted himfelf in a Licence fo to do, but mifbeliaving fhall adt under the Licence of another Perfon, in their Em-as his or her Servant; fhall be guilty of any1>ioymcIUs* Mifbehaviour in hisEmployment, by demanding more than his Fare, or by giving abufive Language, or any other rude Behaviour; every fuch Perfon fo offending, and being thereof convidted

by

On Mifbeha-viout, Com-miffioners may revoke the Licence.

Driving or Jetting out Coaches with out Licence.

Or Chairs.

Size of llorfes.

. "Extracts from the Penal Laws.

by the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, either before the major Part of the Commillioners for granting Licences ; or before any of his Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the Cities of London and W‘ftminjter, or Counties of Mid diefex and Surrey, fhall forfeit any Sum not exceeding ios. to the Poor of thePa-rifh where the Offence fhall be committed ; or be committed to the Houfe of Correction to hard Labour for feven Days, and to receive the public Correction of the Houfe before he be difcharged.

III.	That upon Complaint of any Gentleman . or other Perfon, the Commiffioners for granting Licences fhall and may fummon the Coachmen and Chairmen refpeCtively to anfvver the faid Complaint; and upon his or their being heard, or making Default of Appearance, fhall and may (in cafe they fee Caufe) revoke the Licenfe of fuch Coachman or Chairman for fuch Misbehaviour in giving ahufive Language or other-wife, and licenfe another Coachtpan or Chairman in his Stead.

IV.	That no Perfon dr Perfons fhall prefume to drive or lett to hire, by the Hour or Day, or otherwife, any Hackney Coach or Coach Idorfes within the Bills of Mortality, without a Licenfe firft obtained from the faid Commiffioners, on Pain of forfeiting for every fuch Offence 5/.

V.	Chairmen offending in the above Particular, forfeit 40J.

VI.	That no Horfe, Gelding, or Mare, to be ufed in any Hackney Coach, ffiall be under the Size of fourteen Hands, according to the Standard 5 and

VIL

62

Rates and Fares of Chairs.

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

is. 6d. and fofrom the faid Places to the faid Inns of Court as aforefaid; and the like Rates from and to any Place at the like Diftance with the Places before-mentioned.

XI.	That no Perfon lhall be obliged to pay above 12 d. for the Ufe of an Hackney Coach for any Diftance (not particularly fet down in this Aft) fo as the fame do noc exceed one Miie and four Furlongs; nor above is. 6d. for any Diftance (not particularly fet down in this A£1) being above one Mile and four Furlongs, and not exceeding two Miles.

XII.	That no Perfon (hall be obliged to pay to the Chairmen, for an Hackney Chair carried any Diftance within the Limits aforefaid, more than the Rate by this Aft allowable for an Hackney Coach driven two-third Parts of the fame Diftance.

Obs. As the Ignorance of a Lave cannot he accepted either ly a Cornmijffioncr or a Juftice of the Peace, as an Excufe for the Breach of it-, it is apprehended, that if the Hackneymen would print thefe Extracts hi a Hand Bill, and diflribute them to their Drivers, who are a fluctuating Body, and conjlantly coming from the Country, it would prevent many or rnoft of the above Offences -s for Experience Jhews, that the Iff ant of Reverence to Authority in the common People, is greatly owing to their Ignorance ofthofe Laws, fo wifely calculated to produce Peace and good Order in Society.

Obs. 2. As the Difputcs between Coachmen, Chairmen, and their Parcs, arc generally about a Six-pence, and fcldom more than a Shilling, it is recommended to all Per fans to pry on thefe Occa-fions, what the Coachmen and Chairmen demand, and take their Plumber -, for by this Means they

fccure

Extracts from the Penal Laws, fecure to themfelves an Opportunity of enquiring into, and. a Power of punijhing, any fucb Jmpo-fition ; whereas, whoever Jhall offer or pay any Hackney Coachman or Chairman lefs than his Fare, they may be fare of receiving a Summons, or perhaps being taken tip by a Warrant from fotne Jufiice of the Peace, and obliged not only to pay the Fare, but alfo the Man's Expence: For Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, never apply to Magifirates before they are certain they are in the right; well knowing the Certainty of their Punifhment, if they have demanded more than their Fare.

CHAP. X.

Extraffs from the 25 Geo. 2. c. 36. for punifhing Perfons keeping diforderly Houfes.

I.	njjpHIS Law enadfcs, That if any two In-Two Inhabi-JL habitants of any Parifh or Place, pay- Hnt?^give ing Scot and bearing Lot therein, do give No- Confcble * tice in Writing to any Conftable (or other Peace Officer of the like Nature, where there is no Conftable) of fuch Parifn or Place ; of any Perfon keeping a Bawdy-houfe, Gaming houfe, or any other diforderly Houfc, in fuch Parifh or Place; the Conftable or fuch Officer as afore-faid, fo receiving fuch Notice, (hall forthwith go with fuch Inhabitants to one of his Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace of the County, City, Riding, Divifion or Liberty, in which fuch Parifh or Place does lie; and (hall, upon fuch Inhabitants making Oath before fuch Jufticc, that they do believe the Contents of fuch Notice to

be

Overfed* to pay the Reward.

To be bound over.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

be true; and entering into a Recognizance lit the penal Sum of ioI. each, to give or produce material Evidence againft fuch Ferfon for fuch Offence, enter into a Recognizance in the penal Sum of go I. to profecute with Effedt fuch Per-fon for fuch Offence; at the next General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace ; or at the next Affizes to be holden for the County in which fuch Parifh or Place does lie, as to the faid Juftice fhall feern meet; and fuch Conftable or other Officer fhall be allowed all the reafonable Expences of fuch Profecution, to be afeertained by any two Juftices of the Peace of the County 4 City, Riding, Divifion or Liberty, where the Offence fhail have been committed, and fhall be paid the fame by the Overfeers of the Poor of fuch Parifh or Place; and in cafe fuch Perfon fhall be convifted of fuch Offence, the Overfeers of the Poor of fuch Parifh or Place fhall forthwith pay the Sum of 10 /. to each of fuch Inhabitants; and in cafe fuch Overfeers fhall negledt or refufe to pay to fuch Conftable or other Officer, fuch Expences of the Profecution as aforefaid, or fhall negledt or refufe to pay, upon Demand, the faid Sums of lol. and 10I. fuch Overfeers and each of them fhall forfeit to the Perfon entitled to the fame, double the Sum fo refufed or negledted to be paid.

Obs. The Rewards mentioned in this Clatife, joined to the Nuifance that diforderly Houfes mujl be to the Neighbours, Jhould, as one would imagine, be a fujjicient Incentive to the Execution of 'this Adi.

II.	That upon fuch Conftable or other Officer entering into fuch Recognizance to profecute as aforefaid, the faid Juftice of the Peace fhall

forthwith

\

66

Extracts from the Penal Laws.'

Englifh Police can only prevent by feafonable Cautions, and only punifh on due Informations and legal Proofs. The Laws of England are not to be executed on Caprice or Fancy, but by the Adsni-niflralion of folemn Oaths ; and, as the Law itfelf ■ fays, by the Teftimony of one or snore credible Wit-neffes on Oath.

■ But Mifreprcfentatious and Credulity have fo ftrong a Foundation in the Depravity and Weak-nefs of human Nature, that it is abfurd for Per-fons in public Characters, who are every Day tried and condemned, or rather condenmed and tried by the Public, to hope totally to avoid its Effects.

It has been often obferved in the public Papers, and from thence generally believed, that all the Bawdy Houfes in and near Ccvent Garden, had Licences from the Juflice of Peace of that Par if to fell Liquors, confequently, were in that refpeCi countenanced by him \ and this Mijlake has arofe, and been propagated by ignorant Enquirers, who when they have drank a Bottle of JVine at a Bawdy Houfe, have afeed the Keepers thereof if they had not a Liccnfe for felting that Liquor, to which the Bazvd might with Truth anfwer that floe had, and from hence the Enquirer concluded that it rnufl be a Juflice of Peace’s Licence. But the FaCl is quite otherwife, for all or moft of thefe Houfes have Wine Licences granted to them by the Com-miflioners of the Stamp-Office, which is the only and true Caufc of their Continuance and of snaking them Nufanccs; and tho’ many Reflections have been wijtjily snade on Mr. Fielding on this Acer, uni, yet is it certain, that when the prefent Mr. Fielding firfl came to reflde in Covent-Oarden, he took aivay the Juflice of Peace's Licence, as well from the Baguio's as thefe Iloufes,

swr

Extradls from the Penal Laws.

nor has he neglected the faithful Execution of his “Duty on any one Information laid before him relative to them-% and here it may be proper to obferve,. that one of the principal Caufes of the Number of Bawdy Houfes being collected together in and near that Parijh, is, there having been feveral Eftates in the Courts and contiguous Streets where the Leafes of the Houfes were Jo near expiring, that it was not worth zvhile to repair them till they were out, by which means they were let for almofl any thing to the loweft of Wretches, who hired three or four of them and filled them with common Proftitutes; this made Exeter-Screet, Change-Court, Eagle-Court, and little Catherine-Street fo infamous, that, it was dangerous fer Perfons to pafs or repafs thro’ thoje Streets ; and as the Pub-Hearts and inferior Shop-keepers in their Neighbourhoods were fupported by thefie Houfes, there could be little Hopes of their making Informations againft them, and the Expence of Indibfmerits and Profecutions upon them in the Courts of Juftice prevented the Law being put in Execution ; but it is apprehended, that if a Power was given to tzuo or more Jufticcs of the Peace to enquire into thefe Offences in a fummary Way, and on the Convibiion of fuch Bawds, to commit them for three Months and make them pay a Penalty of \ol. it would fupprefs the Evil to a d finable Degree, for perhaps the total Supprefion of them might give Strength and Countenance to a worfe Vice, already too common.

As to thofe poor Wretches the Proftitutes them-felves, moft oj whom are decoyed into thefe Houfes by the mojt Jhamcftil Stratagems, and continued in the Service of the Bawds by every Species oj Cruelty and Pcrfccution ; they have been Dime after i; 2	Time

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

is every Reafon to hope, that fuch would reform, and become valuable Members in Society, when once they were removed from Reproach, and fleckered in virtuous Families.

CHAP: XL

Extracts from I W. & M. c. 18. and i Geo. i. c. 5. relating to the difurbing Divine Worjhip.

WHEREAS many evil-difpofed and immoral Perfons have of late difturbed, or caufed to be difturbed, feveral diffenting licenfed Congregations, and have thereby brought themfelves and their Friends into Difficulties and Inconveniences; and as the Weak, are too often made the Inftrumcnts of the Wicked on thefe Occafions, it is to be hoped that the Publication of the following Claufes will for the future preferve Decency and Tranquillity in all lawful AfTemblies for Divine Worfhip, and fecure an Obedience to, and a flricft Obfervance of, thefe Laws ; The firfi: of which enafts,

I.	That if any Perfon or Perfons do Dinurbinrr fhall willingly and of Purpofe maliciouny and Congrcga"-contemptuoufly come into any Cathedral or dons. Parifh Church, Chapel or other Congregation, permitted by Law, and difquiet or difturb the lame, or mifufe any Preacher or Teacher, filch Perfon or Perfons, upon Proof thereof, before anv Juftice of the Peace, by two or more fuf-ficicnc Witneflcs, fhall find two Sureties to be F 3	bound

yo	E xtracls from the Penal Laws.

bound by Recognizance in the pena] Sum oF 50 /. and in Default of fuch Sureties, fhali be committed to Prifon •, there to remain till the next General or Quarter Seffions; and if there convided of the faid Offence, fhali forfeit 20/. to his Majefly.

Perfonspul- IF. By 1 Geo. 1. c. 5. f. 2. it is enadted, ling down	That if any Perfons unlawfully, rio.toufly and

Churches,	tumultuoufly affembled togeiher, to the Diftur-

ChapeL, &c. bance 0y the publiclc Peace, fhali unlawfully, and with Force, demolifh or pull down, or begin'to demolifh or pull down, any Church or Chapel, or any Building for religious Wor-fhip, certified and regjftered according to the above Statute, or any Dwelling-houfe, Barn, Stable or other Out-houfe, that then every fuch demolifhing or pulling down, or beginning to demolifh or pull down, fhali be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein fhali be adjudged Felons, and fhali fuffer Death, as in cafe of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

Obs. As many Perfons frqu Bigotry, Prejudices, Caprice, Rcfntmcnt ar.d Drunkennefs, have 'fuffered ihcnfelves to be drawn (fide ly Mobs and Tumults, and incoufiderately to commit the above-mentioned Outrages, an Attention to the above} Claufe may be ufcful. Fnglifhmen have no Ex-cufc to do themfelves Jufue by Force and Violence, as there arc fo many excellent Laws provided for the Safety of their Lives, Defence of their Liberties, and the. Sc cirri y if tlcir Prc-pcrty and the fVant of this Con}:deration is loo frequently the Ccinfe of Ref.fiance to Be ace and Civil Officers, and was lately the Cafe of a moft horrid Murder, ft is always ri?ht to Jubmit to Coujlables, and all

other

yi

Or fuflbr the fame to be thrown out of their Houfes, &C.

Or throw ' them into public Streets,

Extra Sis from the Penal Laws. the fame, on Pain of forfeiting 5/. on being convi&ed on their own Confeffion, or on the Oath of two WitnefTes, before one Juftice of the Peace;

II.	Or fhall permit or fuffer any Squibs, Serpents or other Fireworks, to be call, thrown or fired from, out of, or in his, her or their Houfe or Houfes, Lodgings or Habitations, or from, out of, or in any Part or Place thereto belonging or adjoining, into any public Street, Highway, Road or Paffage, on Pain of forfeiting 20 s. one half to the Profecutor, the other to the Poor of the Parifh, on being con-vifted as above;

III.	Or fhall throw, call or fire, or fhall be aiding or affifting in the throwing, calling or firing of any Squibs, Serpents, Rockets or other Fireworks, in or into any public Street, Houfe, Shop, River, Highway, Road or Paffage, on Pain of forfeiting 205-. or being committed to the Houfe of Corre<5tion for any Time not exceeding a Month, on being cqnvidted as aforefaid.

C H A P. XIII.

ExlraSis from 6 Ann. c. 31. 7 Ann. c. 17. 11 Geo. 1. c. 28. for preventing Mtf~ chiefs that may happen by Fire.

I. TQ) Y 6 Ann. it is enadted, That the Church-JpJ wardens for the Time being, of each and every Parifh within the Cities of L.ovdon and Wejhmnflcr, and other I’arifhes within the weekly Bills of Mortality, fhall make, place

and

74

Reward to firft Turncock.

Extracts from the Penal Laws':

Obs. It is apprehended, that it would he found very ufeful, if every Parifh would keep two Jirong Fire-Ladders of different Lengths, to he carried on the firfi Notice to the Place of the Fire, as it '/night he the Means of faving many Lives and much Property; and though there he no Reward allowed by Lazo for this Purpofe, there would he no Danger hilt that the Carriers of fnch Ladders would he well rewarded, either by the Infurance-Office, Sufferers or Parifh, though the Confciouf-nefs of being ufeful in fuch Calamities is in itfelf a Rezoard; and if Mr. Godfrey’s approved Method of extinguijhing Fires fhould take place, fuch Ladders would become more necejfary than ever.

IV.	That the Turn cock belonging to fuch Water-Work, whofe Water fhall be found on, or firfi; come into the Main or Pipe where the firfi; Plug fhall be opened at any Fire, fhall be paid iojv by the Church-wardens of fuch ref-pedlive Parifh where the Fire fhall happen.

Obs. Is it not rather neceffary than ufeful, that the Proprietors of Water-Works fcould dire51 all their Turn-cocks to have their Names and the Word Turn-cock -painted on a Board in large Characters qh the, Outfide of their Dwelling- Houje or Lodging, and that they give Notice in Writing to the Churchwardens of the neighbouring Parifloes of the Place of their Re fidcnce, and when they change the fame ; and that the-Church-wardens of every Pa-rtflo fijould caufe the Names and Directions of fuch Furn cocks living in and contiguous to their Parifh, to he fixed on the Church-Doors, in the Round-

Iloufe, and in every Watchman's Box? •---Fhc

TP ant of this has been the Caufe of Fires gaining Ground, zvhicb might other wife have been fiopped

on

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	:y)

cn their firft Jppearance; and a Reward might he given to that fVatchman who firft calls the . ‘Turncock.

V.	That the firft Engine-Keeper that brings To firft in a Parifh Engine to help to extjnguifh anyEnSinc* Fire, if in good Order and complete with a Socket, Hofe and Leather-Pipe, fhall be paid

^os. the Keeper of the fecond Parifh-Engine that fhall be next brought to a Fire, fhali be paid 2os. and the third ior. by the Churchwardens of each Parifh where fuch Fire fhall happen.

VI.	That if any menial or other Servant or servants fet-Servants, thro’Negligence or Careleflhefs, fhall ting Houfe fire or caufe to be fired, any Dwelling- houfe on Eke thro5 or Out-houfe or Houfes, fuch Servant or SerT NeSle£t* vants being thereof convidted by the Oath of

one or more Witneffes before two Juflices, fhall forfeit and pay the Sum of 100/. or be committed to the Houfe of Correction to hard Labour for 18 Months.

Obs. Fires, Doers and Candles, Jloould he con-ftantly attended to, the very laft thing that Servants do, before they go to Bed •, and Servants floould he fiurnijhed with Extinguijhers to put out their Candles in their own Rooms, as they are cheap, cleanly and fiafie.

VII.	That all and every Houfe and Houfes that be eredted and built either upon old or new Foundations, in any Place or Places, in and about the Cities of London and JVeftminfter, or other Parifhes or Places comprifed within the

weekly Bills of Mortality, fhall have Party party \y.-il3s. Walls between Houfe and Houfe, wholly of Brick or Stone, and of two Bricks thick, at Icaft, in the Cellar and Ground Stories, and 13

Inches

77

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

{hall immediately repair to the Place where the faid Fire fhall happen, with their Staves and other Badges of their Authority, and be aiding and aflifting, as well in extinguifhing the faid Fires, and caufing People to work at the Engines, as alfoin preventing Goods being ftolen; and fhall feize and apprehend all iil-difpofed Perfons that they fhall find ftealing or pilfering from the Inhabitants; as alfo that the faid Con-ftables and Beadles fhall give their utmoft Affift-ance to help the Inhabitants to remove their faid Goods.

CHAP. XIV.

ExtraBs from 8 Geo. i. c. 2.	12 Geo. 2.

c. 28.	18	Geo.	2.	c.	34.	13 Geo. j.

c. 19. 5 Geo. 1. c. 9. for the Prevention of unlawjul Lotteries.

TH E firfl-mentioned A£l enafls, That all and every Perfon or Perfons, who fhall creel, fet up, continue or keep, or fhall caufe or procure to be eredled, fet up, continued or kept, any Office or Place under the Denomination of Sales of Houfes, Lands, Advowfons, Salcs ^ Prefentations to Livings, Plate, Jewels, Ships, Lottery. Goods, or other Things, by way of Lottery, or by Lots, Tickets, Numbers or Figures; or fhall make, print, advertife or publifh, or caufe to be made, printed, advertifed or publifhed, Propofals or Schemes, for advancing fmall Sums of Money by fcveral Perfons, amounting in the whole to large Sums, to be divvied among them

by

79

Extracts from the Penal Laws'.

by way of Lottery, or by Lots, Tickets,

Numbers or Figures, Cards or Dice •, or fhall make, print, advertife or publifh, or caufe to be. made, printed, advertifed or publiflied, Advertifing Propofals or Schemes for advancing fmall Sums the fame-of Money by feveral Perfons, amounting in the whole to large Sums, to be divided among them by Chances of the Prizes on fome public Lottery or Lotteries, eftabliihed or allowed by Adt of Parliament, or fhall deliver out, or caufe or procure to be delivered out, Tickets to the Perfons advancing fuch Sums, to intitle them to a Share of the Money fo advanced, according to fuch Propofals or Schemes; or fhall expofe to Sale any Houfes, Lands, Ad-vowfons, Prefentations to Livings, Plate, Jewels, Ships or other Goods, by any Game, Method or Device whatfoever, depending upon, or to be determined by any Lot or Drawing, whether it be in a Box or Wheel, or by Cards or Dice, or by any Machine, Engine or Device of Chance of any Kind whatfoever ; fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall, on being convi&ed thereof before one Juftice, upon the Oath of one Witnefs, or upon the View of fuch Juftice, or on the Con-feflion of the Party or Parties accufed, forfeit p . the Sum of 200/. to be levied by Diftrefs and1 Sale.

IV.	That the Games of the Ace of Plearts,

Faro, Bafiet and Hazard, are, and are hereby Ace of Hearts, declared to be Games or Lotteries by Cards or I,;ir.0’ Bafiet Dice, and that all and every Perfon or Perfons who fhall fet up or maintain, or keep the faid Loturics. Games of Ace of Hearts, Faro, Bafiet or Hazard, fhall be fubjedl: and liable to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures in and by this Adt

inilidled

8o

Adventurers.

Sales by lotteries void.

llojy Poly.

f'afftge.

ExtraEh from the Pend Laws*

inflidted upon any Perfon who fhall eredl, fee up or continue, or keep any of the faid Games or Lotteries in this prefent Adi mentioned.

V.	That all and every Perfon and Perfons.; who fhall be Adventurers in any of the faid Games, Lottery or Lotteries, Sale or Sales; or fhall play, fet at, flake or punt at either of the faid Games of Ace of Hearts, Faro, Baffet and Hazard, fhall forfeit 50/< or fuffer fix Months Imprifonment.

VI.	That all and every fuch Sale of HoufeSj Lands, Goods, C?c. by any Game, Lottery, Machine, Engine, or other Device whatfoever, depending upon or to be determined by Chance or Lot, fhall and are hereby declared to be void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever; and fuch Houfes, Lands, Goods, &c. fo fet up and ex-pofed to Sale as aforefaid, fhall be forfeited.

VII.	The 18 Geo. 2. c. 34. enadts, That no Perfon or Perfons of what Condition foever, fhall keep any Houfe, Room or Place for playing, or permit or fuffer any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever within any fuch Houfe, Room or Place, to play at the Game of Roulet, other-wife Roly Poly, or at any other Game with Cards or Dice, already prohibited, or fhall play at the faid Game of Roulet, otherwife Roly Poly, or 'at any other Game with Cards and Dice, already prohibited, on Pain of incurring the feveral Penalties inflidted by the Eft-mentioned Adi.

VIII.	The 12, Geo, 2. c. 19 cnadts, That the Game of PafTage, and all and every other Game and Games invented or to be invented with one or more Die or Dice, or with any other Inftru-ment, Engine, or Device, in the Nature of Dicey

having

8 2	Extracts	from	the Penal Laws.

former Aft or Afts of Parliament made againft private Lotteries.

Obs. It is recommended to all Perfons who buy Shares of Tickets, to demand a Sight of the original Ticket of which they fur chafe a Share, that they may he convinced of its being .in the Poffeffion of the Seller, and to fet down the Hour of the Day in which they make the faid Pur chafe.

CHAP. XV.

■Extracts from 33 Geo 2. for the better fupplyhig the Cities of London and Weft-. minfter with Sea Fijh.

of his Arrival at the Nore,

Mailer of HfP ^ E Aft enafts, that the Mafter of every Fiihing VeiTel A Fifhing-Veffel, within three Days after w give Notice the Arrival of any fuch Vefiel at the Nore with any Fifh, {hall truly report the Time of fuch his Arrival, to the deputed Clerk in the Coaft-Qffice at the Cuftom Houfe in London ■, under the Penalty of 501, and fuch deputed Clerk is to enter fuch Report, in a Book to be provided and kept for that Purpofe at the faid Coafl Office.

II.	And every fuch Mafter of any Fifhing-Veffel is alfo at the Time of his making fuch Report at the faid Coaft-Office, to leave with the faid deputed Clerk there, a true and particular Account according to the beft of the Judgment and Belief of every fuch Mafter, and either in Writing or printed, of all Frefh Salmon, Salmon Trout, Turbots and large Frefh Cod, and Half-frefh Cod Fifh, Haddock, Scate Fifh, Frefh Ling, Lobfters, Soles and

Whitings,

And alfo an Account of certain Filli which {hall, be brought there alive.

§3

ExtraBs from the Venal Laws.

Whitings, which fhall be brought alive to the Nore in every fuch Fifhing-Veffel; upon Pain that the Owner or Owners of every fuch Fifh-ing-Vefiel whofe Mailer fhall refufe, neglect or omit to give or leave fuch Account, or who lhali give or leave any falfe or untrue Account thereof, lhall, on being convi&ed of any fuch Offence, forfeit 20/.

III.	The A£t further provides. That if any Not to deflroy fuch Mailer, or any Perfon on Board any fuch Filhing-Yelfel, after her Arrival at the Nore, fhall wilfully dellroy, throw or call away, or caufe to be wilfully deftroyed, thrown or call away, any fuch Filh, which any Filhing-VefiH fhall have brought from Sea, that is not un~ wholefome, perilhed or unmarketable, fuch Offender on Conviflion is to be committed to the'

Houfe of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Months, nor lefs than one Month. The Clerk Clerk of the at the Coaft-Office is to receive and enter the Coaft-Office faid Accounts, and on Monday, Wedneftday, and enter Ac- ^ Friday in every Week, is to return, or caufe to counts of Fifh be returned unto the Mayor of London for the brought to Time being, and to fuch Perfons as the Trullees t}ieNore, and of the Filh-market at Weftminfter, or any Five fame to the of them lhall appoint, in the City of Weft min- Lord Mayor. fter, and like wife to the Infpeftorof the Filh-ing-Vefiels at fuch Place as the faid Trullees, or any Five of them lhall by any Writing figned by them appoint, a true Account in Writing or Printed, and in a fair and legible Character, of the Time when every fuch refpedlive Filhing-VefTel lhall have been entered at the faid Co/dl-Office as having arrived at the Nore, and alio of the Frcfh Salmon, Salmon Trout, Turbot,

G 2	large	.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	85

to execute his Office, under the Penalty of forfeiting for every Negletft or wilful Mifbeha-viour 20/.

V.	No Perfon who fhall fell or be concerned Salefmennot in the Sale of any Frefh Fifh by Commiffion, tob.uyt0 fdl is direftly or indirecftly to buy or be concerned a2am*

in the buying of any Frefh Fifh, to fell again on his or her own feparate Account, or for the joint Account of him or herfelf, and any other Perfon, under the Forfeiture for every fuch Offence of 50/.

VI.	Bret or Turbot under the Size of 16 .

Inches, and Bril or Pearl under the Size of 14^.

Inches, from the Eyes to the utmoft Extent of the Tail, are allowed to be expofed to Sale, but

fo as the fame be not fold by Retail at a Price or Rate exceeding 6d. the Pound : And if any Perfon after the faid 24th of June i/6o> fhall afk, demand or take, for any fuch Bret or Turbot, Bril or Pearl, under the refpetftive Dimen-fions as aforefaid, any greater Price than at and after the Rate of 6 d. a Pound, and fo in Proportion for any leffer Weight thereof than aPerfons de-Pound, or fhall refufe or neglecft to weigh and™.^113® . meafure every fuch Bret or Turbot, Bril oroJsr^fInr^cc’0 Pearl, which fhall be expofed to or for Sale, meafure or when required, every fuch Bret or Turbot, Bril weigh the or Pearl is to be forfeited •, and any Perfon mayf:imc-feize the fame, and deliver it into the Hands of a Conftable, and charge fuch Conftable with the Party who afked, demanded, or took any greater or higher Price than as aforefaid for the fame ; and every Conftable is required by the Ato carry the Party fo charged, and alfo the Bret or Turbot, Bill or Pearl, which fhall be fo feized and delivered to him, with all con ve-Penalty.

G 3	nient

86

Extracts fro?n the Venal Laws. nient fpeed, before fome Juftice of the Peace ; and every Offender on Conviction is to forfeit 20 s. for every fuch Offence, and the Bret or Turbot, Brill or Pearl, which fhall have been fo feized, is to be given to the Perfon who fhall profecute to Conviction any fuch Offender, and the Money paid for any fuch Bret or Turbot, Bril or Pearl, is to be returned to the Party or Parties who paid the fame.

...............  VII.	No Perfon is to fell or expofe to or for

beexpofedto Sale at the firft Hand, at any Fifh-market Sale	within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mor-

tality, or within 150 Yards of any fuch Fifh-market, and during the Market Hours of any fuch Market, any Frefh Salmon, Salmon Trout, ^Turbot, large Frefh Cod Filh, Half-frefh Cod Fifh, Haddock, .Scate Fifh, Frefh Ling, 'Lob-fters, Soles or Whitings, before he or fhe fhall have firft placed up, or caufed to be placed up, in fome confpicuous Manner, on, or over the ricular Ac-1”" Form, Bench, Stall or Place,' at which he or count thereof fhe fhall offer to expofe to, or for Sale, any fuch be ftuck up Fifh, a true Account, and in a large, fair and over the Stall, legible Chara6ter, and either wrote or printed, &c* . of all fuch Fifh, which any fuch Perfon fhall then have or have been intrufted with to fell, diftinguifhing in every fuch Account the feveral Sorts of all fuch Filh as aforefaid, and the Quantity of every Sort thereof refpeCtively, which any fuch Perfon fhall then have, or be intrufted with to fell; and if at any Time of

lumuOuw be tIie Mornin§ OI' DaL in which anY fuch Ac-fold before the count fhall have been fo placed up, and before i'illi-niurhet the Fifh-market of that Day fhall be ended or

i.yiver, to be OVer, any other fuch Filh fhall be brought to

fait^Account. or it'U'ufted with any fuch Perfon to fell, every

fuch

Extracts from the Venal Laws.	8.7

fuch Perfon, before he or fine jfhall fell or offer or expofe to or for Sale any Part thereof, fhallT}ie Ac* add a true Account or Particular thereof to the	tnjD"

Account before put up, and fhall take Care that theMarketbe every fuch Account which fhall be fo placed up, ended, fhall continue up where the fame fhall have been firft placed, till all the Fifh fpecified therein fhall be fold, or the Fifh-market of the Day-on which the fame fhall be fo placed up fhall be Penalty on ended or over, without being defaced or oblite- takingdown rated ; under 10/. Penalty for every Offence, the fameT'112’ and under the Penalty of 40 s. for any one’s taking down, defacing or obliterating any fuch Account.

VIII.	No Perfon is to take, kill or deftroy, perfons not to or knowingly have in his or her Poffeffion, or kill or cry the cry, carry about, fell, offer or expofe to or for |?rood or Sale, or exchange for any Goods, Matter or p^wn 0 Thing, any Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fifh, or any unfizeable'Fifh, or any Fifh out of Seafon, or any Smelt which fhall not be full five Inches in Length from the Nofe to the utmoft Extent unfizeable of the Tail thereof; and if any one fhall offend Filh, or Fifh in the Premiffes, any other Perfon under the ouc °f Seafon, Authority of the A6t may take and feize the fame, together with all Bafkets and Package in which the fame fhall be found, and charge a Peace Officer with every fuch Offender; and °n^'.n of after any fuch Seizure fhall be made, the Spawn, 'and*^ Fry or Brood, pr other Fifh as aforefaid, toge-zos.’ * ther with the Bafkets and Package in which the fame be fo feized, is to be delivered into the Hands of fome Peace Officer, who is to take the fame, and alfo every fuch Offender with whom he fhall be fo charged for any fuch Offence, into his Cuftody, with all convenient G 4	-	Speed

89

Extracts from the Penal Laws:

trhance and Combination of a few defigning, avaricious Men, how can we fufficiently lament that the Pains and Attention of the Legijlature to re-drefs this Evil, has been hitherto frnitlefs ? Nay, I am informed that the Evil is rather grown worfe than better It is therefore with great Deference and Ref pelt that I offer my Opinion on this, Subject, which 1 do rather that it may beget in fome other a better Plan, than that I think the following one to be perfect: Put I do apprehend, that if the . Gentlemen belonging to the Free Pritifh Herring Fifhery, a large, able and refpebiable Body., would (beftdes the catching of Herrings) become Fifhermen for this Metropolis; which, as they have 'much Leifure from their other Fifhery, are accujlomed to, and converfant in, the building of Boats, making of Nets, and hiring of Fifloermen, they can carry on, with more Eafe, and lefs Expence to-themfelves, and more Utility to the Publick, than any other Body whatever. By this Means an im-menfe Quantity of Fijh would be brought to Bil-linfgate and Weftminfter Markets, yet not more than this Town would confmne, and would totally deftroy the prefent Monopoly of different Fife, viz. Lobfters, Turbots, &c. as well as the little Com-, binations lately prabiifed to make an artificial Scarcity : And as the Conveniency of a Plenty of Fiji) in London and Weftminfter to all Ranks of People, is much eaficr to 1 be conceived tha?i cxpreffed, I Jhall now mention what fecms farther necffary to the Furtherance of this Plan : And firjl, that the Legijlature Jhould enable the Members of the Free Britifif) Herring Fifhery to apply a -neceffary Part of their Capital to this propofed Fjhery„ which cannot be attended with any Hazard, as ready Money is always paid at the Fifh-merkcts

fo

go

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

fo that it will rather enrich the Body, and enable them to carry on the Herring Fijhery itfelf with more Effect and Advantage, than obftruCt it.

2dly. Befides the Provifions made by the late Statute relative to Sea Fiflj, an Officer JhonU be appointed to attend both Markets to fee fnch Methods faithfully executed, as the Legijlature fhall think neccjfary, to prevent the engr offing or monopolizing of any Fifh brought to the faid Markets for Sale.

, 3dly, ‘That every P erf on felling Fife by Retail out of the faid Markets, fall be obliged to expofe to open View from Eight to Twelve in the Morning, whatever Fifh he has to fell, with a Penalty for concealing any Part of the fame.

In this Plan, Publick Spirit and Ir.tereft will go Hand in Hand-, and as they will be enabled to fit out a larger Fleet of FiJ/.ing-Boats than was ever yet fent to Sea, great Plenty of Fifh rnufi be the Confequence, and Cheapnefs will naturally follow : and by little Bounties and Rewards which they themfelves will be able to give to Fifhertnen, it is hoped that the Evil now fo loudly complained of, will be rnoft effectually cured; and the Fifhmon-gers themfelves, who have lately been the Dupes of the Fifhermen, and the Monopolizers of particular Fifh would have Rcafon to rejoice j for, by felling more Fiflo at rcajonablc Rates, their Gain would be the fame, if not greater.

But while Salcfincn and Fifhmongers have Shares in, or perhaps the whole Properly of Fifing-Boats, it will always be in their Power to bring as few F'if to Market as they pleafe, and confequcntly to raife the Price agreeable to this no lefs artful, than wicked Scarcity of their own making. In what an amazing manner do' the Fiflo of the Sea multiply,

and

gZ-

Who may . apprehend . them.

Reward.

Farther De-fciiption of Vagrants.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

II.	All Perfons who fhall unlawfully return to fuch Parifh or Place from whence they have been legally removed by Order of two Juftices of the Peace, without bringing a Certificate from the Parifh or Place whereunto they belong.

• III. All Perfons not having wherewith to maintain themfelves, live idle without Em-' .pioymenr, and refufe to work for the ufual and common Wages given to other Labourers in the like Work in the Parilhes or Places where they then are.

1 IV. All Perfons going about from Door to Door, or placing themfelves in Streets, Highways or PafTages, to beg or gather Alms, in the Parilhes or Places where they dwell, fhall be deemed idle and diforde'rly Perfons ; and any 'Perfon may apprehend them, and carry them before a Juftice of the Peace, who may commit them to the Houfe of Correction for any Time not exceeding one Month, and give an Order o’n the Overfeer of the Parifh wherein any fuch fhall be apprehended, for the Payment of gs. to the Perfon or Perfons fo apprehending fuch Offenders. •

• V. All Perfons going about as Patent-gatherers, or Gatherers of Alms, under Pretences of Lofies by Fire or other Cafualty ; or going about as Collectors for Prifons, Gaols, or Hofpitals.

VI.	All Fencers and Bearwards.

VII.	All common Players of Interludes.

VIII.	All Perfons who fhall for Hire, Gain or Reward, aft, reprefent or perform, or caufe to be aded, reprefented or performed, any Interlude, Tragedy, Comedy, Opera, Play, Farce, or other Entertainment of the Stage, or

any

ExtraBs Jro?n the Eenal Laws.	93

any Parc or Parts therein, not being authorized	'

by Law.

IX.	All Minftrels and Jugglers.

X.	All Perfons pretending to be Gypfies, or wandering in the Habit or Form of Egyptians, or pretending to have Skill in Phyiiognomy,

Palmeftry, or like crafty Science, or pretending to tel] Fortunes, or ufing any fubtle Craft to deceive and impofe on any of his Majefty’s Sub-	.

jedts, or, playing or betting at any unlawful Games or Plays.

XI.	All Perfons who run away and leave their

Wives or Children, whereby they become chargeable to any Parifh or Place.	-L':

XII.	All Petty Chapmen and Pedlars wan-dering abroad, not being duly licenfed, or otherwife authorized by Lav/.

XIII.	All Perfons wandering abroad and lodging in Alehoufes, Barns, Out-houfes, or in the open Air, not giving a good Account of themfelves.

XIV.	All Perfons wandering abroad and begging, pretending to be Soldiers, Mariners,

Seafaring Men, or pretending to go to Work in Harveft, except'fuch as have proper Paffes and Certificates.

XV.	And all other Perfons wandering abroad and begging, (hall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft.

XVI.	And it is likewife enafted, That if any Who may Perfons fhailbe found offending again!! this Aft, apprehend it fhall, and may be lawful, for any Pcrfont,1Llu' whatever, to apprehend the Pcrfon fo offending,

and to convey, or caufc to be conveyed to Come

94

Con ftable

negledting

Duty.

Penalty.

Perfons refu-fing to apprehend.

Reward for apprehending.

ExtraSfs from the Pena! Laws.

Juftice of the Peace, the Perfons fo apprehended.

eXVII. And in cafe any Conftable, or other fuch Officer, fhall refufe or negledt to ufe his beft Endeavours to apprehend, and convey to fome Juftice of the Peace, any fuch Offender, it fhall be deemed a Negledt of Duty in fuch Conftable or Officer, for which he fhall forfeit any Sum not exceeding 5/. nor lefs than 10s. and thofe who refeue fuch Prifoners, are fubjedt to the fame Penalty.

XVIII.	And in cafe any other Perfon, being charged by any Juftice of the Peace fo to do, fhall refufe or negledt to ufe his beft Endeavours to apprehend and deliver to the Conftable, or fuch other Officer, or to carry fuch Offenders before fome Juftice of the Peace, where no Conftable or other fuch Officer can be found, fuch Perfon fo offending, fuch Perfon fo ne-gledting or refufing, fhall forfeit the Sum of 10 s.

XIX.	And in cafe any Perfon, not being a Conftable, or fuch other Officer, fhall apprehend any fuch Rogue or Vagabond, and fhall deliver him or her to a Conftable, or other fuch Officer, or fhall convey or caufe him or her to be conveyed to fome Juftice of the Peace, according to the above Diredtions ; or if any Conftable or other fuch Officer fhall fo apprehend and convey fuch Rogue and Vagabond, the faid Juftice may reward any fuch Conftable or other Perfon, by making an Order under his Hand and Seal upon the High or chief Conftable to pay the Sum of ioj. to fuch Perfon fo apprehending fuch Rogue and Vagabond.

And

g6	Extracts	from	the	Penal	Laws.

Neglcd of Officers.

Second

Offence.

Profecution to be within fix Months.

.Alehmffe-

Keepers.

5 s. he fhall be committed to the Stocks, there to remain by the Space of fix Hours. 4

II.	That if any Conftable or other inferior Officer to whom that fhall be given in Charge by the Precept of any Mayor or Juftice, do negleft the due Correftion of the Offender, or the due levying the Penalties where Diftrefs may be had, he fhall forfeit 10 s. to be levied by Diftrefs.

III.	That if any Perfon once convifted of Drunkennefs, fhall after that be again convifted of the like Offence, he fhall be bounden with two Sureties, in a Recognizance of 10/. with Condition to be from thenceforth of good Behaviour. ,

IV.	Provided always, that the Offender fhall be convifted within fix Months after the Offence committed.

V.	If any Alehoufe-keeper fhall be convifted of being drunk, he fhall, befides the Penalties above-mentioned, be utterly difabled to keep any fuch Alehoufe for the Space of three Years next enfuing the Conviftion. 7 Jac. c. 10.

1 C. c. 4.

C H A P. XVIII.

XV. Ext raffs from 19 Geo. 2. c. 21. to

prevent prophane Curfng and Swearing.

rrp HIS Aft cnadts, that if any perfon jj_ filial 1 prophanely curie or fwear, and be thereof conviftcd on Confcfiion or Oath of

oi.c Witnefs, before one juftice, or before the Mayor, Juftice, Bailiff, or other chief Officer

of

9 8	ExtraBs from the Penal Lawn.

Penalty, or give Security to the Satisfaction of fuch Juftice, Mayor, &c. he may commit him to the Houfe of Correction to hard Labour for ten Days.

Charges of VI, The Charges of the Informations, Sum-Information, mons and Conviction, lhall be paid by the Of-wbTpaidlb0^'fender, if able, over and above the Penalties; Offender. which Charges fhaii be afcertained by fuch Juftice, Mayor, &c. And if fuch Charges be not immediately paid, or Security given to the Satisfaction of fuch Juftice, Mayor, &V. he may commit him to the Houfe of Correction to hard Labour for fix Days, over and above fuch Time for which he may be committed for Non-Payment of the Penalties.

Soldiers or VII. But if fuch Soldier or Seaman fhall not Sailors not fQ pay or fecure the Penalty, and alfo the Cofts |aynj£ of the Information, Summons and Conviction, befet in the	fhall inftead of being committed to the Houfe

Stocks. of Correction, be ordered to be publicly fet in the Stocks for one Hour, for every fingle Offence ; and for any Number of Offences whereof he fhall be convicted at one and the fame Time, two Hours.

Peace (Vice s VIII. Ti:r: if any Conftable, or other Peace not doing Officer, Lai’., on the Oath of one Witnefs, be-theirDmy. fore one Juftice, Mayor, Cs?c. be convicted of having wilfully and wittingly omitted the Per-. formance of his Duty in the Execution of this ACt, he fhrl! forfeit 405. to be levied by Dif-trefs; anu if Efficient Diftrefs ffiall not be found, he ffiall be committed to hard Labour for one Act ith.

l.iniit.-ui • PC I ,Ov’’ .d that no Perfon fhall be profe-Adionc. , tv 1 or Lie ' led lor any Offence againft this

Statute,

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	93

Sstktute, unlefs ic be within eight Days next after the Offence committed.

CHAP. XIX.

Extracts- 'from 2 W. & M. Seff. 2. c. 8. f. 20. and 8. & 9. W. 3. c. 37. f. 4. relating to the Breeding and Keeping of Hogs and Swine'in. London.

I:. |3 Y~ 2'of TV. id'M. it is enafted, That "no Breeding or ■ IfJ Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, fhall breed, deeding

r	r	*	.	ovvine m

feed or keep, any lore or manner or Swine, London within any Part of the Houfes or Backfides of Weftminfter, the paved Streets within the Cities of London Southwark or and Weftniinfier and the Liberties thereof, or ^°^)gre°5 the Borough' of Southwark or Out-Parifhes in vv]iere Hcufes-the County of Middlesex, where the Houfes are contigu-are contiguous 5 upon Pain of forfeiting theous--fame to the Church wardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh where fuch Swine fhall be kept, bred or fed, to the Ufe of the Poor thereof-, and that it fhall and may be lawful for all or any of the Churchwardens, Chapel-wardens, Overfeers of the Poor, Conftables,

Beadles, Headboroughs or Ty thing men, of any of the faid Parifhes or Places, refpcdtively at all Times in the Day-time, by Warrant under the Pland afid Seal of the Mayor of London, or any Juflice of the Peace, to l'earch in all fuch Places in their rtdpe&ive Pari flies for the finding all fuch Swine; and all that fhall be fo found, to feize, take, drive and carry away, and the fame to fell for the Left Price tivat can be had, and the Money thereby produced forth-

H 2	with

301

Ex/raBs from the Penal Laws.

Degree; and a Number of Sows for breeding, and other Hogs, are kept in Cellars, and other confined Places, in the City and Liberty of Weftminfter, which are very offerfive and m-tvholefome.

CHAP. XX.

Extracts from 26 Geo. 2. c. 33. and 30 Geo. 2. c. 24. relating to Publicans keeping diforderly Houfes, or fitffering Gaming in their Houfes.

Obs. When any Publican takes out or renews his Licence before ihe Jufiices of the Peace, he then enters into a Recognizance with Sureties ; the Words and Conditions of which are as follow, viz. That he fhall keep the true Affize in uttering of Bread, Beer, Ale and other Vidtuals and Liquors, and fell Bread according to the Affize, and not otherwife •, and fhall not have, permit or Puffer any paying at Cards, Dice, Tables, Bowls or any other unlawful Game or Games, in his Houfe, Gut-houfe, Yard, Garden or Backfide ; nor fuffer any Perfon to become drunk, or remain there tipling or drinking contrary to Law, nor luffer any other Diforder to be committed therein, but to maintain and keep good Order and Rule in the fame, according to the Laws of this Realm in that Behalf made and provided. And it is to this Recognizance that the following Claufe of the above Statute fo immediately relates, and dferves the flritlcfi Attention of every Publican.

II 3	I.	THAT

102

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Publicans for- L m H A T any Jufiice of die Peace of.any

ieitinp lleco£- g	^	i-	T • ■	J

nizance, dif- J.	County,	Riding,	Cit.y9< Liberty	or

qualifiel Town	Corporate,	wherein	the Licence of	any

from keeping Publican fhall be granted, upon Complaint or

a Public Information that fuch licenfed Perfon hath done Jnloiiie for t	.	A	,,.n

• Years. or committed any Act, Offence or Mndemea-

nour, whereby in the Judgment of the fame Jufiice, fuch Recognizance may be forfeited, or the Condition thereof broken, may, by Summons under his Hand and Seal, require fuch Perfon fo complained of or informed againft, to appear at the next General or Quarter Sef-fions of the Peace, then and there to anfwer the Matter of fuch Complaint or Information ; and may alfo bind the Perfon or Perfons who fhall make fuch Complaint or Information, or any other Perfon or Perfons, in a Recognizance to appear at fuch General or Quarter SefTions, and give Evidence againft fuch Perfon fo complained of or informed againft; and if he fhall be convicted by a Jury to be appointed by the Juftices for that Purpofe, the laid Ju-frices fhall adjudge the faid. Publican guilty of the Breach of fuch Recognizance ; which Verdict and Ajudication fhall be final to all Intents and Purpofes ; and thereupon the faid juftices fhall order the Recognizance entered into by fuch Publicans to be eftreated ; and the faid Publican fhall, after fuch Adjudication, be utterly difabled to fell any Ale, Beer, Cyder, Perry, Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, for the Space of rhrec Years; and any Licence or Licences granted or to be granted to fuch Publican, during fuch Term, to be void, and ,of none Jifredt.

If. By

104	Extracts	from the Penal Laws.

Conftable, Tything-man, Headborough or o-ther Peace Officer of the Parifh, Precindt or Place, where the Offence fhall have been cbargr ed to have been committed, or where the Offender lhall refide, to apprehend and carry every fuch Offender before fome Juftice or Juftices Forfeit not ex-of the Peace, adting for the County, Riding, ceedin^ 20s. Divifion, City, Liberty or Place where the Of-nor lets than fence f]aall be committed, or where the Offen-5 S'	der	fhall	refide : And if the Perfon, who fhall

be apprehended, fhall be convidted of the faid Offence, by the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, or on his own Confeflion; every fuch Offender lhall forfeit any Sum, not exceeding 20s. nor lefs than 5s. or be committed to the Houfe of Correction to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month, or till the Sum forfeited lhall be paid.

Obs. fVhen it is confidered by the Publican hew much he fays yearly for bis feveral Licences, that he is Jubjedl to quarter Soldiers, and the other. Loffes and Exfences necejfarily attending the carrying on his Bufinefs, furely he cannot be too cautious to avoid the above Penalties, which mufi necejfarily dijlrejs his Family, as well as take away the Refutation of his Houfe. And as there are many Pcrfons who are wicked enough to teaze a Publican to lend them Cards, or to fujfer them to game in their Houfes, merely that they may have an Of-for Utility to inform againfl the Houfe for the Sake of tic Reward, no Publican can be fafe who fuffers Gaming of any kind in his Houfe. But it is feared, that the too great Number of Public Houfes is the great Cattfe of theje Evils, as it induces the Publican to make Ufe of thefe Teniftations to draw

Cuflon^

7

Extracts from the Penal Laws. Cujlom to his Boufe; which would not he the Cafe if their Number was lejfened.

Jf the Magif rates of the County of Middlefei find City and Liberty of Weftminfter, would unani-moufly agree to reduce the Number of Alehcufes, by fupprefflng thofe that appear to be unneceffary, from the Number there are in the Neighbourhood, who only. ftarve one another, and would make it a conjfant Rule to refufe a Licence to any Publican that has either Billiard Table, Miffiffippi Table., Shuffle Board, or Skittle Ground in their Houfes, allowing Skittle Grounds on’y to thofe Publicans, who live in the Villages round this Metropolis, on Condition of their not opening thefe Grounds till fix o'clock in the Evening, it would be produbUve of infinite good Effects to Society. This Diverfwn would then atsfwer the End of Relaxation to the Common People, without encouraging I dienefs, or enervating Induftry ; but Skittle Grounds in the Town are attended with much Mifchief, and when they are kept open all Day in the Country they are equally obnoxious. And as I am now /peaking of Publicans, it may not be improper to obferve the great Injuries they frequently occafion to Trade, by fuffering the Combinations of Journeymen at their Houfes, where they meet, enter into fcandalous A-grcements to raife their Wages, leffen their Hours of Work, perplex their Mafias, put a fop tt>

■Trade, impoverijh themfelves and Families, to enrich the Publican : this ought to be deemed a good Caufe for the refufal of a Licence.

Extracts from tie Paid Laws.	a	07

TIL And if any Ingrofier or Retailer of fuchPerform re'Fu-•Coais, /hall .refufe to fell as aforefaid, the laid -Lord Mayor and Juftices refpedtively are hereby ates authorized to appoint and empower fuch Officers and Perfons, as they /hall think fit, to enter into any Wharf1 or -other Place where fuch Coals are ftored up ; and in cafe of Refufal, taking a Conftable to force Entrance, and the faid , Coals to fell, or caufe to be fold, at luch Rates as the faid Lord Mayor and Juftices refpedtively fhall judge reafonable.

IV.	i 2 Ann. c. 17. enacts. That the Bufhel Size of the commonly called the Coal Bufhel, (hall be madeBuftiel> round, with a plain and even Bottom, and to

be nineteen Inches and a half from Outfide to Outfide, and to contain one Winchefier Bufhel and one Quart of Water.

V.	32 Geo. 2. All Sacks made Ufe of for the Of the Sacks. •Carriage of Coals, fhall be Linen, and fealed

and marked with white Paint in Oil at Guildhall,

London, or at the Exchequer Office at Weffininjler and fhall be full four Feet four Inches in Length and full twenty-fix Inches in Breadth, after they are made ; and Dealers in Coals ufmg or cau-fing to be ufed Sacks of any lefs Dimenfions, or labouring Coal-Meters fufiering any Sacks to be ufed, being lefs than full four Feet in Length, and full two feet in breadth within-fide the Sack, or fhall negledt to attend and perform their Duty at the Wharfs, fhall forfeit 40 j. for every fuch Offence.

Vf. 3 Geo. 2. c. 26. All Lightermen and PoolMcafure. other Perfons deeding in Coals, who fhall fell to any Perfon any Parcel or Quantity of Coals as and for Pool iVIeafure, viz. inch Mcafure as is uiually given or allowed in the fool or River

Thames f

3 p8	ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

Thames., including the Ingrain, and fliall no? deliver the full Quantity of Coals fo fold, and accordingly meafured, from on Board-fhip to fuch Lightermen or other Dealer in Coals, by the Meter, together with the Ingrain thereof, fliall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of 100L

pontra&sfor VII. 19 Geo, 2. c. 35. All Contracts and £ot k[s £*Jan Agreements, for any Quantity of Coals to be tobe under-”-e^v'ere<^ w^hin tty City and Liberty of Weft-llood to be minfter, that Part of tty jDuichy of Lancafter PoolMeafure,adjoining thereto, the Parijh of St. Giles’s in the. ^ho’not men • piens>	Mary-le-Rone, and fuch Part of the,

{‘JOne ‘ Parijh of St. Andrew, Holbourn, as lies in the County of Middlef^x, diredtly from any Lighter or other Craft, to the Confumer, (not being lefs than five Chaldron) including the Ingrain pf one Chaldron to the Score, and fliall be fo underftood between the Seller and Buyer, tho’ the term of Pool Meafure may be omitted in any written or verbal Contract or Agreement for that Purpofe.

VIII. That 4<d;. for every Chaldron, which fhall be fold and delivered at any Wharf, Ware-houfe or Place, within the Limits aforefaid, fliall be paid by the Seller tp the principal Land Coal-Meters, or to the labouring Coal-Meters and thereupon fuch principal Land Coal-Meters fhall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to every Seller of fuch Coals, or the Carman who fliall cart, lead, drive or carry the fame, a Paper Meters to give Writing or Ticket, figncd by the faid princi-J ickets. pal Land Coal-Meters, or one or more of them, and counterfigncd by the labouring Coal-Meter attending and delivering the fame •, in which fliall be contained as well the Cliriftian and Sur-

S.eller to pay per Chaldron Metage See Article

tfVI.

name

f "x	-t	r

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	io$

name of the refpedtive Seller as of the Confumer of the faid Coals, the Quantity and Quality, the Price per Chaldron, and the Day of the Week, Month and Year of the Sales, Delivery and Admeafurement, the Amount of the Me-tage. Charge and the Names of the Carmen or Perfons employed to cart, lead, drive or carry Tickets to be the fame Coals •> which faid Ticket, being thus delivered to . made compleat; and Metage paid, fhall be de-tlie Conftimfer liveredj unaltered, by the labouring Coal-Meter counterfigning the fame, without Delay, to the Carman or Perfon employed to cart,, carry, lead of drive the Coals defcribed in fuch Ticket, who fhall deliver the faid Ticket to the Confumer or his Agent or Servant unaltered *, and the Confumer is required to pay to the Seller the^fCj0^-. Metage therein fpecified : And if the labouring13*1 6 Coal-Meter fhali after Payment of the Metage Charge, iiefufe to deliver fuch Ticket to tire Carman, he■ (ha’ll, for every fuch Offence, foE'pena]ty 0Ii feit the Sum of $1. And if fuch Carman fhallRefufal, &c. either alter or refufe to deliver fuch Ticket toof Tickets, the Confumer, he fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence 5/.	.

IX.	32 Geo. 2. If any labouring Coal-Meter fhall deliver a Ticket to any Perfon for any delivering , _ Quantity of Coals, without having been prefent^^j®VV1^* at, and feen the meafuring of the whole Quan-fent at the fity thereof fpecified and expreffed in fuch Tick-meafuring the ct, in every fuch Cafe the principal Coal-Metersf-oak-fhall forfeit the Sum of 5/. and every labouring Coal-Meter fo offending fhall be committed to the Houfe of Corredlion to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding 30 Days, and fhall be for ever rendered incapable of afting as a labouring Coal-Meter.

X..

Ill

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit 50/. and the labouring Coal-Meter fo offending fhall from thenceforth for ever be rendered incapable of afting as a Coal-Meter, and forfeit the Sum of 5I.

XIII.	32 Geo. 2. If the Driver of any Cart, Carterfran-loaden with Coais, or any Perfon belonging dulentlydeli-thereto, or employed therewith, fhall deliver yepng or fuf-or fuffer to be delivered or taken from fuch w betaken* Cart, any Coals under his Care, otherwife than from his Cart? to or for the Ufe of the Owner thereof, he fhall,

for every Offence, be publicly whipt or committed to the Houfe of Correction for three Months.

XIV.	If any Perfon fhall be diffatisfied with, perf0Ils^ or think himfelf aggrieved by, or in the Mea- t£sfied, may fure of any Coals, the fame< fhall (either upon remeafu-e acquainting the Seller of, or the Carman driving Coals. Upon or leading fuch Coals, at any Time during the mer^fallbo-Delivery thereof, and before the Carman fhall ihortof the’ be difcharged thereof by the Confumer or his Quantity they Agent) be re-meafured in the Prefence of a Sea were ori§Ina*' Coal Meter, from the Sea Coal-Meter’s Office, V for* or one of the Meters or their Agents, for which

fhall be paid ^d. and no more, for every Chaldron ; and in cafe the Coals thus to be re-meafured, fhall not amount to the Meafure for which they were originally fold and meafured, the principal Coal-Meter or Coal-Meters fhall, for every Bufhel the faid Coals fo to be rc-mcafured, fhall fall fhort of, or be deficient in, the true Quantity or Meafure fo originally contracted, fold and mealurcd, forfeit and pay the Sum of 40 .v.

XV.	iq Geo. 2. c. 35. That from and after cnrter not to Notice fhall have been given in Writing to the quit his Cart

1!	Seiler

ii2

after Notice of fuch DifTa tisfa&ion.

Provifions relating to the Fee for the Admeafure-mentof Coals, orPunilhment of Dealers or Carters.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Seller of fuch Coals, or to the Carman driving ' or carrying the fame, and whilft fuch Coals fhali fo remain in their or either of their Poffeffion or Power as aforefaid, of any fuch Diffatisfadlion or Grievance as aforefaid* fuch Seller or Carman, in whofe Poffeffion or Power fuch Coals fhali, at the Time of fuch Notice be* fhali not leave or depart from the Cart in which fuch Coals fhali have been laden ; but he and they fhali remain with the fame, and take all poffi-ble Care of the Coals and Cart, till a Meter can be procured to re-meafure fuch Coals.

XVI.	32 Geo. 2.. None of the Provifions made by the Adi of the 19 Geo. 2. or this Adi relating to the Payment of any Sums of Money* for, or on Account of the Admeafurement or Infpedtion of the Admeafurement of Coals, or the Punifhment of any Dealer in Coals, or Carter, on Account of fending, carrying or loading of Coals from any Wharf or Place within the Limits aforefaid, fhali take Place and be in Force, except in fuch Cafes only where the Buyer of fuch Coals fhali have fignified by Notice in Writing to one of the principal Coal-Meters, or one of the labouring Coal-Meters, his or her Delire to have the Attendance of a Coal Meter to infpect the Admeafurement of his or her Coals, and where a Coal-Meter fhali, purfuant to fuch Notice, attend and adtualJy in-fpedt the Admeafurement of the whole Quantity of fuch Coals.

CHAP.

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

21$

CHAP. XXII.

ExtraBs from 20 Geo. 2. for the better Regulation of Apprentices.

1.	Hp* HIS Adt enadts, That two or more .L Juftices, upon any Complaint or Application by any Apprentice, put out by the Parifh, or any other Apprentice, upon whole binding out no larger a Sum than 51, was paid, touching or concerning any Mifufage, Refufal of neceffary Provifion, Cruelty or other ill Treatment of or towards fuch Apprentice, by his or her Matter or Miftrefs, may fummon fuch Matter or Miftrefs to appear before them, and may examine into the Matter of fuch Complaint ; and upon Proof thereof made upon Oath to their Satisfadtion (whether the Matter or Miftrefs be prefent or not) may difcharge fuch Apprentice by Warrant or Certificate, under their Hands and Seals.

II.	That fuch Juftices, on Application or Complaint made, on Oath, by any Matter or Miftrefs, againft any fuch Apprentice, touching or concerning any Mifdemeanor, Mifcar-riage or ill Behaviour, in fuch his or her Service, may hear, examine, and determine the fame, and punifh the Offender by Commitment to the Houfe of Correction, there to remain and be corredted, and held to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month, or othcrwife by difcharging Inch Apprentice in Manner and Form before-mentioned.

The 5 Eliz. c. 4. /. 35. enadts, That Apprentices with whom more than 5/. is given,

I	may

Apprentices with whom no more than 5 1. is given, may be difeharged by two Juftices.

And may punifh Apprentices for Mifdemeanor, Mifcarriage or Milbehaviour.

’Prentices with whom more than 5I.

US

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws-.

Mafiers alfo frequently lofe their Apprentices by their Enlifting raid tho' an Apprentice may be difcharged by a Juftice of Peace when enlifted, yet„ as recruiting Officers frequently give large Bounties for the raffing of Men to compleat their Corps, if they are careful to examine fitch young Men, whether they be Apprentices or not, 1 apprehend they may indi£i fuch Apprentices for this fpecies of Fraud; and an Example or two of this fort would tnofi certainly put an End to this Im-pofttion, for an Officer cannot recover this Money by Action from the Mafier.

CHAP, XXIII.

Extracts from 29 Geo. 2. c. 14. relating to the Duty on Plate.

I. npHIS Law enafts, That the annual Du-Annual Du-JL ties payable on Silver Plate, are as fol- ties payable low, viz.	on	Silver

For and upon 100 Ounces Troy Weight,PIatei and any greater Quantity not amounting to 200 Ounces, 55.

For and upon 200 Ounces, and any greater Quantity not amounting to 300 Ounces, 10s.

And io on in exaft Proportion to the Amount of 4000 Ounces, for which, and any greater Quantity, 101.

II.	That all Perfons and Bodies Politick orperpon5 ]iabje Corporate, who fliall own, ufe, have or keep to the Duties, any Quantity of Silver Plate, chargeable by within the this Aft, in London, IVeftminfter, or in any other Parts within the Limits or Jurifdiftion ofofiLcifch*

I 2	the

Extracts from the Venal haws'. 117 and Payment as aforefaid; or to renew the fame 201. Penalty yearly, in Manner aforefaid; or fhall, with In-2‘v'nS tent to defraud his Majefty of any fuch Rates renevving the and Duties, conceal, or caufe or procure to be fame, concealed, any Silver Plate, or aft contrary to the refpeftive Direftions of this Aft, fhall, for every fuch Offence refpeftively, forfeit 20 /. .

IV.	That no Perfon, or Body Politic or Cor- Frefh Notice poratef fhall be obliged to give any fuch frefh "ot neccflary Notice, or make any fuch new Entry or Pay- Acq^ifition^of ment between the Commencement and Expira-piate within tion of the Year, for which any fuch Rates or the Year. Duties fhall have been paid; although fuch

Perfon, or Body Politic or Corporate, may have acquired in the mean Time the Property,

Ufe, Pofieffion or Cuftody, of any additional Quantity of Silver Plate.

V.	Perfons who fhall keep and not ufe any Perfons re-Silver Plate, which hath been or fhall bePVinSplate pledged to or depofited with fuch Perfons, by

any other Perfon or Body Politic or Corporate, the fame, not fhall not be charged with the Duties payable by liable, this Aft, for fuch Plate. But the true Owner of fuch Plate fo pledged and depofited fhall, Owner to pay during all fuch Time as fuch Plate fhall be fo Duty for fuch kept and not ufed, be liable to pay the Rates pledged Place, and Duties chargeable by this Aft.

VI.	That every Goldfmith, Silverfmith, Ma- Dealers to nufafturer, Seller of, or Dealer in Plate, fhall pay for Plate give fuch Notice, make fuch Entry, and pay in Ufe.

the Rates and Duties aforefaid, for all fuch Silver Plate as fhall be ufed by him or in his Family, on Pain of forfeiting 20/.

I 5

£HAP„

nB

Extracts from the Penal haws*

CHAP. XXIV.

Extracts fro?n 3 1 Geo. 2. and 2 W. & M. fefT. 2. c. 8. relative to the baying and felling of Hay and Straw in London, and to Sakjmen buying or felling of Fat Cattle on their own Account.

Truffes of Straw to weigh 36 lb

I.	1" T is enabled. That if any Perfon of Peril Tons fhall fell or deliver, or bring into or expofe for Sale in London, or within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or in any Place within the Diftance of 30 Miles from the Extent of any Part of the faid Weekly Bills of Mortality, where Straw fhall be fold in Bundles or Truffes, any Bundle or Trufs of Straw which fhall be of lefs Weight than 36 lb. of good and If wanting in found Straw, or which fhall be in the Infide of Weight, or’fany puc|-, gunc]]e or Trufs, of different Good-ofa worfeE nc^s or Quality from what the fame by the Out-Quality than fide of any fuch Bundle or Trufs fhall appear to the Outfide be, he, fhe or they fhall forfeit the Sum of 20s. Offender for f°r cvery Quantity of Straw not delivered in feits for Straw Bundles, and the Sum of is. for every Bundle not delivered or Trufs which he, flic or they fhall fo fell, in Truffes,	within	the Limits aforefaid, which fhall not be

every	^	^	Weight	3 6 lb. of good and

underweight, found Straw, or which fhall be proved to be in or of a mixed the Infide of any fuch Bundle or Trufs of dif-

Quality, is.

TwfTes of Hay to be

ferent Goodnels or Quality from what the fame by the Outfide of any fuch Bundle or Trufs Jhall appear to be.

II. And it is enaded, That cvery Trufs of Hay, which fhall be fold or expofed to Sale

within

and within the weekly Bil's.

120	ExtraSls	from	the Penal Laws.

other than what he fhall purchafe, to fpend for his own Ufe; on Pain of forfeiting i j. fer Trufs of fuch Hay or Straw, which fhall be fo fold by or for him.

A Regifter to V. And it is enadted, That in order to pre-be kept in vent any undue Practices between the Owners Haymarkets or Salefinen of Hay or Straw, and the Servants m London, Qp t|ie Buyers thereof, and for other Purpofes, there fhall be kept in the Haymarket in the City of London, and at every other Haymarket within the Bills of Mortality where Hay or Straw is allowed to be fold, a Book or Regifter for entering and regiftering therein, an Account of all Hay and Straw which fhall be fold in any fuch Haymarket refpedtively.

VI.	And that every Perfon who fhall fell any Hay or Straw in London, or within the Bills of Mortality, his Servant or Agent fhall, within Straw fold by j-jours after any £|ay or Straw fhall at any him within a _.	1 r u •	1	1	,• tt	i	•

limited Time. fime be lold in any public Haymarket in London, or within the laid weekly Bills of Mor-tality, and within feven Days after every Sale of Hay or Straw in London, or within the Bills of Mortality, fhall be made out of any fuch Haymarket in London, or any Place within the Limits of the laid weekly Bills of Mortality, make an Entry in the Book or Regifter of the Haymarket in which any fuch Hay or Straw fhall be fold ; or where the fame fhall not be fold in any fuch Playmarket, then in the Book or Regifter of the Haymarket which fhall be moft contiguous to the Place in London, or .	.	within the faid weekly Bills of Mortality, in

ing Name and which any fuch Hay or Straw fhall be fold; Place of diftinguifhing therein the Names and Places of Abode of the Abode of the Owners and Sellers of any fuch

Hay

Seller to make Entry of Hay and

Extracts from the Fend Laws.	jzr

Hay or Straw, and the Names and Places of Owner, Abode of the refpedtive Buyer or Buyers there- r'^ of, and alfo of the Perfon or Perfons for whom .;h ’	'

or for whofe Ufe any fuch Hay or Straw fhall ancj pr;ce; be fo bought, and alfo the Day in which fuch and to fign Hay or Straw fhall be fo bought, and the true faid Price at which the fame fhall be really fold ; Entry’ and every Perfon who fhall fell any fuch Hay or Straw, his Servant or Agent, fhall fign his Name or fet his Mark to every fuch Entry, and fhall pay for the fame to the Hay-weigher, and pay ld> Clerk or Toll-gatherer of the Haymarke't, who Fee to the fhall keep fuch Book or Regifter as aforefaid, Clerk, the Sum of x d. and the Paid Regifter may be Regifter to be infpe&ed by any Perfon for an Halfpenny each ;	on

and if the Seller fhall not make and fign fuch Hat^enny. Entry in fuch Regifter, within the aforefaid limited Time, or refufe to pay for the fame; or fhall caufe an untrue Account to be entered therein, of the Quantity or the Price at which the fame was really fold; or of the Name and Vender n^g-Placeof Abode of the Buyer; or if the Keeper letting to 5 of the faid Regifter fhall negleft to keep the make fuch fame in the Manner above defcribed, or refufe Entry’ &c> or delay to let any Entry be made therein, or fai(f Account-to let the fame be examined at feafonable Hours, and Hay-or demand more for fuch Entry or Examination, weigher neg-than what is allowed, or fhall knowingly fuffer kis any falfe Entry to be made; every fuch Offender noTexcccdlng fhall forfeit any Sum not exceeding 20J. nor 20?. nor lefs lefs than ior.	rt™11

Obs. The Intention of this Regifter was, to ■prevent the Seller and the Coachman from entering into a Confpiracy to cheat their refpetlive Employers', if therefore the Fanner or the Gentleman are careful to examine this Regifter, and compare the 2	Price

Extracts from the Venal Laws.	123

for the necefiary Ufe or Provifion of his Family, and lhall a&ualJy ufe accordingly): And that no fuch Saiefm2n, Broker or Facdor, lhall fell or expofe, or offer to or for Sale, on his own Account, in London, or at any Place within the faid Bills of Mortality, either by himfelf or his Servant or Agent, any live Ox, Bull, Cow,

Steer, Bullock, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Lamb or Swine; on Pain of forfeiting for every fuch Offence double the Value of any live Cattle which he fhall fo buy or fell, on his own Account, contrary to the Tenor of this A&.

No Perfons to be convi&ed of any of t^ex/im;t£fcionof before-mentioned Offences, uniefs Profecution Profscuuoa. be commenced within three Days after the Offence complained of fhall have been committed.

CHAP. XXV.

DxtraBs from 20 Geo. 2. c. 10. relating to Rates and Duties upon Coaches and other Carriages.

■ OR every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, j)u£;es upQB Calafti with four Wheels, Chaife Marine, Coache; and Chaife with four Wheels, and Caravan, kept other Carnaby any Perfon for his own Ufe, or to be let out^C3-to Hire (other than and except fuch Coaches Exception, and other Carriages as are licenfed by the Com-miffioners for the Duties arifing by Hackney Coaches) the yearly Sum or 4/.

II.	And for every Calafh, Chaife and Chair, with two Wheels, kept by any Perfon for his

own

124

No Perfon to pay for mere than 5 Carriages, Linlcfs they be kept for Hire.

Perfons keeping Coaches, &c. to give Notice thereof.

and pay Duty.

Notice to be given and Duties paid annually.

Stage Cone lies

Extracts from the Penal Laws. own Ufe* or to be let out to Hire, fhall be paid 40 s. yearly.

III.	No Perfon fhall be obliged to pay the faid yearly Sum of 41, for more than five fuch Carriages kept for his or her own Ufe only; but all Perfons, who fhall keep the fame for fupplying any Waiting job by the Day, Week, Month, Quarter or any other Time, or other-wile to let out to Hire, fhall pay the faid yearly Sum of 4/. for each, though exceeding the Number of Five: And every fuch Perfon who fhall keep fuch Carriage with two Wheels to be let out for Hire, fhall pay the faid yearly Sum of 40 s. for each, tho’ exceeding the Number of five.

IV.	Every Perfon who fhall have or keep any fuch Coach or other Carriage, within the Bills of Mortality, fhall give Notice in Writing, at the chief Office of Excife in London, within 20 Days after he fhall begin to keep fuch Coach or other Carriage, and elfewhere, to the next Office of Excife, of his keeping the fame, the Number, whether with two Wheels or four, and where he refides; and fhall pay down at the fame Time the refpeftive Rates and Duties fo impofed as aforefaid for keeping the fame ;

V.	And every fuch Perfon fhall annually, within 20 Days after the Expiration of 12 Calendar Months after the Time of giving fuch Notice, give frefh Notice in Manner aforefaid, and pay down the Rates and Duties abovemen-tioned, on Pain of forfeiting 20/.

'VI. This Aft extends not to publick Stage-Ccaches conflantly employed in carrying Pafien-gers for Hire, to and from different Places in this Kingdom, on certain Days in every Week

fixed

12 5

Extracts from the Venal Laws.

fixed for that Purpofe, and not let out by Way of Bye-Job for a Day, or any longer Time;

VII.	Nor to any Poft-Chaife kept for Hire and Po/I-by his Majefty’s Poft-Mafter General, or bychaifes 2ny Deputy Poft-Mafter, authorized by himexempte to keep fuch Poft-Chaifes: But fuch Poft-Chaifes Iball, within 30 Days after letting out

the fame, be entered by the Owners at the next p0ft_chaifes Office of Excife ; and Iball (befides the King’s to be entered Arms) have fuch Figure or Mark of Diftin&ion at the Excife-fixed thereupon, as lhall be appointed by the^®ce> faid Commiffioners for that Purpofe, on Painhavea ar ’ of forfeiting 20/.

VIII.	Nor to Coaches kept for Sale; but noCoaches, &c. fuch Carriage lhall, whilft in Pofieffion of the not to°be * C> Coachmaker or other Perfon, be employed for taxed.

his own Ufe, or for the Ufe of any other Perfon, Penalty on

(other than fuch whofe Carriage lhall be then u/ing orlet-

and there mending) or be let out to Hire, on ^,ng ?u£

•n • c r r • ■	°	1	Coaches,	See.

Pain or forfeiting 201.

IX.	And the faid Commiffioners fhall caufe Coaches, &c. a Figure or Mark of Diftinfiion to be fixed on let out to every Carriage that lhall be fo let out to Hire: Hp?’t0 caP^ And if any Perfon lhall let out to Hire any fuch 3 lgUre’ C‘ Carriage without fuch Figure or Mark fixed thereon, or lhall take off the fame when fixed, pcnaity 20!. he lhall forfeit 20/.

C H A P.

126

Extrafts from the Penal Laws.

Perfons ufing unwholfbme Mixtures in Bread.

Penalty.

CHAP. XXVI.

Ext rafts, from 31 Geo. 2. relative to Bakers and Bread.

I.	"O) Y this Statute it is enafted, That the Q feveral Sorts of Bread which fhall be made for Sale, or fold or expofed to or for Sale, in any Place or Places, fhall always be well made, and in their feveral and refpeftive Degrees, according to the Goodnefs of the feveral Sorts of Meal or Flour, whereof the fame ought to be made ; and that no Allum or Preparation or Mixture, in which Allum fhall be an Ingredient, or any other Mixture or Ingredient whatfoever, (except only the genuine Meal or Flour which ought to be put therein, and common Salt, pure Water, Eggs, Milk, Yeaft and Barm, or fuch Leaven as fhall at any Time be allowed to be put therein by the Court, or Perfon or Perfons who fhall, by virtue of this Aft, have fet an Afiize of Bread, for the Place or Places where any fuch Leaven fhall be ufed) fhall be put into, or in any-wife ufed in making Dough, or any Bread to be fold, as or for Leaven to ferment any Dough, or on any other Account in the Trade or Myflery of making Bread, under any Colour or Pretence whatfoever ; upon Pain that every Perfon (other than a Servant or Journeyman) knowingly offending in the Premifles, fhall forfeit 10/. and not Ids than 40s. or be committed to the Houfe of Correftion or other Prifon to hard Labour, not exceeding one Calendar Month, ncr lefs than ten Days.

7	II,

Ext rafts from the Penal Laws.	i2y

II.	And if any Servant or Journeyman Baker, Journeymen ftiall knowingly offend in the Premiffes, he for- °^ending-feits not exceeding 5/. and not lefs than 20J.PenaIty> or fhal! be committed to hard Labour in like manner.

III.	.And the Juftice of Peace, before whom offender's any fuch Offender fhall be convifted, may order Name, &c. eo the Offender’s Name, Place of Abode and Of-be P^hAed. fence, to be publifhed in fome News Paper.

IV.	And it is enafted, That no Perfon fhall M;xtures knowingly put into any Corn, Meal or Flour, Meal and which fhall be ground, drefled, bolted or ma- Flour, nufaftured for Sale, either at the Time of grinding, dreffing, bolting, or in any wife ma-nufafturing the lame, or at any other Time or Times, any Ingredient, Mixture or Thing whatfoever; or (hall knowingly fell, offer or expofe to or for Sale, any Meal or Flour, of

one Sort of Grain, as or for the Meal or Flour of any other Sort of Grain, or any Thing as or for, or mixed with the Meal or Flour of any Grain, which (hail not be the real and genuine Meal or Flour of the Grain the fame (hall import to be, and ought to be ; on Pain of for- Penalty, feiting not exceeding 5/. nor lefs than 40 s.

V.	And it is enabled, That no Perfon (hall Bread made knowingly put into any Bread which (hall be of any Mix-made for Sale, any Mixture of Meal or Flourture of5he of any other Sort of Grain than of the Grain forTof Grain, the fame (lmlI import to be, and (hall be allow-the fame fliali cd to be made of, in Purfuance of this Aft, orn°t import to (hall put into any Bread which (hall be made for

Sale, any larger or other Proportion of any other or different Sort or Sorts of Grain, or the Meal or Flour thereof, than what fhall be appointed or allowed to be put therein by this

Aft j

128

Penalty.

Bread deficient in Weight.

Complaint to be made within the Bills of Mortality in 24 Hours,

and in three Days clfe-vvhere.

Bread to be marked.

Penalty.

Extracts from the Venal Laws.

Adt; or any Mixture or Thing as for, or in Lieu of Flour, which fhall not really be the genuine Flour the fame fhall import to be, and ought to be; upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding 5/. nor lefs than 20 s.

VI.	And it is enadted, That if any Perfon or Perfons who fhall make any Bread for Sale, or who fhall fend out or fell or expofe to or for Sale any Bread, fhall make, fend out, fell or expofe to or for Sale, any Bread deficient in Weight according to the Affize it fhall be fet at, in Purfuance of this Adt, they fhall forfeit a Sum not exceeding 54. nor lefs than is. for every Ounce of Bread which fhall at any Time be wanting in Weight; and if lefs than an Ounce 2 s. 6d. and not lefs than Gd. as the Magiflrate fhall think fit and order.

VII.	Complaint to be made and the Bread weighed before the Juftice in 24 Flours after baking or felling the fame, in every City, Town Corporate, Borough, Liberty or Fran-chife, or the Jurifdidtion thereof, or within the Bills of Mortality, and within three Days in every other Place.

VIII.	And it is enadted, That every Perfon who fhall make for Sale, or fell, expofe or fend our, to or for Sale, any Sort of Bread whatfo-ever, fhall caufe the Roman Letters, a W. for every Loaf of Wheaten, and an H. for every Loaf of Floufhold Bread, to be fairly marked or imprinted thereon, except as to fuch Loaves which fhall be rafped after the befpeaking or purchafing thereof, by the particular Defire of the Purchafer, on Pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding 20s. nor lefs than 5s,

IX.

130

The Weight of Bread.

Weights and Meafures to be fized and fealad by the proper Officer.

Fees.

Annoyance Jury to de-ilrov defl'tlivc Weights and M eaiim-s, and may amerce the Oiicnders.

Extracts from the Penal Laws. or Sums of Money the Juftices of Peace lhall diredl, by Way of Recompence, or to be committed.

Obs. ‘The Weight of Wheaten Bread is as follows, viz. a Quartern Loaf Jhould weigh 41b. 5 oz. 4; the Half-Peck 81b. 11 oz. a Peck 17 lb. 6 oz. a Two-penny Loaf 2 lb. 10 Drams, a Penny Loaf 1 lb. 5 Drams.

XIV.	And by another A£t made in the 31ft Geo. 2. it is ena&ed, That all Weights and Meafures made ufe of by Perfons dealing by Weight or Meafure, within the faid City and Liberty, lhall be figned and fealed by the Standards belonging to the faid City, and alfo marked with a Port-cullis by the Officer appointed for that Purpofe, for which the faid Officer lhall demand the Fees following, and no more: That is to fay, For every Bulhel, 4d. for every Half-Bulhel, 2 d. for every Peck, Half-Peck and Quarter Peck, 1 d. for all Half-Pecks and Quarter-Pecks per Dozen, rod. for every Sack, 2 d. for every Ale and Beer Meafure, One Farthing; for every Hundred Weight, 4d. for every Half-Hundred Weight, 2 d. for all Pound Weights under Half a Hundred Weight, one Halfpenny ; for all Ounce Weights and other Weights under a Pound, One Farthing.

XV.	And the Annoyance Jury may deftroy all Weights and Meafures belonging to Perfons dealing by Weight or Meafure, and amerce the Owner or Perfon, in whole PoffdTion the fame lhall be found, in any Sum of Money not exceeding 40 s. for any one Offence.

0ns. As this lafl-mcntioned Clanfe gives a Tower to the Annoyance Jury to fe'tze and dcflroy

defective

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

tfefettive Weights and Meafures, their frequent vifiling the Markets in the City and Liberty of Weftminfter9 where Hitckflers and other Perfons are very apt to make Ufe not only of fhort Weights and defective Meafures, but of Meafures that have really no Name -, it would be of infinite Service to the Poor who buy Commodities to retail fior the Support of their Families.

CHAP. XXVII.

An Pxtrafi from 78c 8 W. 3. c„ 19. relative to Publicans afmg of Plate in their Houjes.

Obs.CT*'/? E very commonUfe of Silver Tankards, Clips, Sec. in public Houfes .at this Time, has been attended with very melancholy Confeqnenccs, as it is too great a Temptation for many low Peb-fons to withftand who frequent Public Houfes ; for as an Alehoufe is free for every Body, there is no guarding againji this Inconvenience, o'herwife than ■by dfufing Plate: Nay, it is very common for Publicans to have even their Pewter Pots fiolen, much more filver ones \ and as this is an illegal Temptation in the Publican, it were tq be wifhed, that they would attend to the following C la ufe, which would not only fecure that Property which they fo frequently lofe, but alfo be the Means of faving the Lives of fome of his Majcftfs Subjects; for feveral have already been executed, and there lately were no lefs than fix different Perfons pofitivcly charged with fteahng eight Tankards and Cups from Publicans within the Space of one Week, K 2	all

*33

ExtraBs from the Few] Laws.

Buildings and Walls, and the Buildings and Walls of Churches and other public Places, to the End the Dirt and Soil in the faid Streets may be heaped ready for the Scavenger to carry away, upon Pain to forfeit 10 s. for every Offence, f. i.

And the 2 IV. f 2. c. 8. enadls, That the Church-War-refpedive Church-wardens, and the Ploufe-dens, &c. keepers, and other Keepers of Whitehall, &?-liable-merfet Hoafe, St. James’s Houfe, and St. James’s Park, and the Guard Houfes and Stables neaj-it, and other their.Majeflies Houfes; and the Ufhers, Porters, or Keepers of Courts of Juf-tice, and all other publick or other Houfes and Places refpedtively, fhall be liable to, and fuffer the Penalty of 3J. 4d. for every the before-mentioned Offence or Negletft before fuch Churches or Places. / 3.

That the Rakers, Scavengers, or other Offi- scavenger cers thereunto appointed, every Day in the &c. to carry Week except Sundays and other Holidays, fhall away all Dirt, bring or caufe to be brought Carts, Dung-Pots,&c-and other fitting Carriages into all their refpe&ive Parifhes, Limits, Precindts, Streets, Charges and Divifions, where fuch Carts and Carriages can pafs; and at, or before their Approach, by a Bell, Plorn or Clapper, or otherwife, fhall make a diflinft and loud Noile, and give Notice to the Inhabitants thereof of their coming, and make the like Noife, and give the like Notice in every Court, Alley or Place, unto which the faid Carts cannot pafs, and abide and fray there a convenient Time, in fuch Sort that all Perfons concerned may bring forth their refpedive Du fir,

Dirt, Allies, hilth and Soil to the refpettive Carts and Carriages fo flaying as aforefaid •, all

K 3	which

134

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

which the {aid Rakers, Scavengers, or other Officers aforefaid {hall daily carry or caufe to be carried away, upon Pain to forfeit 40s. for every fuch Offence or Negledt refpedtively. f 5.

C H A P. XXIX.

Extracts from the 43 Eliz. c. 7.	15. Cha,

2.	c. 2. ■6 Geo. 1. c. 16. and 9 Geo. j, c. 22. relative to robbing of Orchards, cutting down 'Trees, &c.

perfons cutting and taking away growing Corn,

robbing Orchards, breaking down Fences, de-itroying Fruit Trees, cutting or fpoiling Woods and ipnderwoods,

to make Satif-faflion, or to be whipt by the Conilablc, &c.

Conftable refilling to whip Offender, to be committed.

Fil'd Oflcnce.

Y the faid Statute of the 43 Eliz. it is __ enabled, That all and every Perfon and Perfons, who {hall cut or unlawfully take away any Corn or Grain growing, or rob any Orchards or Gardens, or break or cut any Hedge, Pales, Rails or Fence, or dig, pull up or take up, any Fruit Tree or Trees, in any Orchard, Garden or elfewhere, to the Intent to take and carry away the-fame, or fhall cut or fpoil any Woods or Underwoods, Pales or Trees {landing, not being Felony by the Laws of this Realm; and their Procurer and Procurers, Receiver or Receivers, knowing the fame, {hall, on being convidted before any one Juftice of the Peace, be obliged to make Recompence to the Party injured, which, if not in their Power, to be whipt by the Conftable where the Juftice fhall diredt; and if the faid Conftable or other Peace Officer, {hall refufe or negledt to whip, or caufe the faid Offender to be whipt, he fhall be committed till he comply:	The

Offender for the iirft Offence only, to be allowed to make Recompence ; but for every fubfequent

Offence,

rj6:

Second

Offence.

Third

Offence.

Perfons buying Poles or Sticks of V/ood, &c.

to pnv treble the Vaiii; :o the Party injuitd.

ExtraEls from the Penal Laics.

fold the fame, or fome credible Witnefs, to prove the faid Sale, that then the faid Perfon or Perfons, fb fu fpetled, fhall be deemed and adjudged convicted of the laid Offence of cutting-and fpoiling of the fame Woods, Underwoods, Poles or Young Trees, or Bark or Baft of Trees, Gates, Stiles, Pofts, Pales, Rails or Hedge Wood, Broom or Furze, within the above Statute of the 43 Elz. and fhall be liable to the Punifhment therein contained, and over and above pay down prefently unto the Over-feers for the Ufe of the Poor of the Parifh, fuch Sum of Money not exceeding ioj. as the Juftice fhall think meet: And in cafe of Ne-glebt, the fiid Juftice fhall commit the Offender to the Houfe of Correbtion for fuch Time as he fhall think fit, not exceeding one Month, or caufe him to be whipt by the Conftable •, and for a fecond Offence to be committed for one Month to hard Labour, and for the third Offence to be deemed incorrigible Rogues.

III.	And it is further enabled, That whomever fhall buy any Burthens of Wood, or any Poles or Sticks of Wood, or any other the Premiffes particularly mentioned in this Act, and it fhould appear to any Juftice of Peace, before whom fuch Matter fhall be enquired into on Oath, that the fame was bought of a Perfon who might jiffily be fufpebted to have ftolen or unlawfully come by the fame, and that the fame was ftolen or uni .wfully come by : In fuch Cafe, the faid Juftice fiinll award the Parry who bought the fame, to pay tu-blc the Value of the fame to tin* Part)' from whom the fame was ftolen dr unlaw! ull, taken; and in Default of prefent Payment thereof, to ilfue his Warrant to levy

the

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	137

the fame by Diftrefs, and in Default of fuch to be levied Diftrefs, to commit the Party to Gaol at his by Dl“rtfL own Charge, there to remain one Month with- profecution to out Bail. The i rofecution for the above Of-be within fix fences to be within fix Months.	Months.

IV.	And by the 6 Geo. 1. c. 16. it is enaCted,

That if any Perfon or Perfons, in a. riotous, open, tumultuous, or in a i’ecret and clandefline Manner, forcibly, or wrongfully and malici-oufly, and without the Conient of the Proprietor, Wood-Reeve, Wood-Keeper, or Perfons chiefly intruded with the Care, Overfight and Wrfonsmali-Cuftody of any Woods, Wood Grounds, Parks,

Chaces, Coppices or Plantations, fhall .cut deftroying’ down, deftroy, break, bark, throw down, defacing burn, take, deface, fpoil or carry away, any'Vo°ls> Wood or Springs of Wood, Under-Wood orFences°&c! C< ppice-Wood, or fliall in fuch a riotous, forcible, tumultuous, fecret or clandefline Manner as aforefaid, malicioufly break open, throw down, level or deftroy, any Hedges, Gates,

Polls, Stiles, Rails, Fences, Ditches, Banks or Inclofures, of fuch Woods, Wood-Grounds,

Coppices, Plantations, Timber-Trees, Fruit-Trees, or other Trees, Thorns or Quickfets, that then it fhall and may be lawful to and for any two Juftices of the Peace or the Juftices ];ablc to the open Stfiions, upon Complaint to them made, Penalties in-to hear and determine all and every the Offences Aided by aforefaid; and on Conviction of the Offenders1 ^co-'• ^at' to inflift the Punifhments prefcribed by the2,c'l8'

1 Geo. 1. c. 48. viz. to be committed to the Houfe of Correction to hard Labour for three Mouths, without Bail or Mainpri/.e ; or where there is no Houfe of Correction, to the common Gaol for four Months, and to be publicldy

whipt

*39

Extrn&s from the Penal Laws.

or in any other manner, fhall be heard and determined by one or more Juftices of the Peace, who may examine upon Oath any fuch Servant,

Artificer, &c. or any other Witnefs, touching any fuch Complaint, Difference or Difpute, who and make fuch Order For Payment of fo much make Order Wa^es to fuch Servant, Artificer, &c. as fhall for Pay menc feenTjuft and reafonable, provided that the Sum Wages, in Queftion do not exceed 10I. with Regard totainSamU~ any Servant, nor 51, with Regard to any Arti-. ficer, Handicraftfman, and in cafe of Re-	the

fufal or Non-Payment of any Sums fo ordered, Dittrcfs and by the Space of 21 Days after fuch Determina- Sals, tion, fuch Juftice may levy the fame by Diftrefs and Sale.

II.	That fuch Juftice upon Application' or Complaint made upon Oath by any Mafter, Juftices may Miftrefs or Employer, againft fuch Servant,hear Mafteis Artificer, Handicraftfman, Miner, Collier,

Keelman, Pitman, Glafsman, Potter or La- offenders by bourer, touching or concerning any Mifde-Commitment, meanor, Mifcarriage or ill Behaviour, in fuch ■^mcment oi his or her Service or Employment, may hear, Djimiffion examine and determine the fame, and punifh

the Offender by Commitment to the Houfe of Correction, there to remain and be corrected and held to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month, or otherwife by abating fome Part of his or her Wages, or by difeharg-ing fuch Servant, Artificer, from his or her Service or Employment.

III.	And in like manner, fuch Juftice, upon j } Complaint or Information upon Oath, by any

fuch Servant, Artificer, Handicraftfman, Miner, Complaints, Collier, Keelman, Pitman, Glafsman, Potter, or other Labourer, againft fuch Mafter, Mifirefs

or

ExtraBs from the Venal Laws,

’very evil Confequeuces, and often the Occajion of Servants having unjtift Characters.

idly. When Servants 'leave their Places, the Property of their Livery frequently begets very dif-agreeable Difputes, from the mijlaken Opinion that a Servant's having wore his Livery a Tear intitles him .to it: Indeed it is the Cufiom of moft Families to give their Servants the Old Livery, when they flay long' enough to have New •, but this is the Mafer's Pkafure, - not the Servant's Right, v.nlefs the Servant make it a■ Part of his Agreement when he hires himfelf \ a Servant carrying away his Livery without Confent of his Mafter or Miftrefs, is liable to an Action, and if he pawn, fell, or unlawfully difpofe of any Part of the fame, he fub-jeCls himfelf to be taken up by a Warrant, to be tarried before a Juftice of Peace, to pay a Penally of 20 s. or to be committed to Bridewell for fourteen Days, and to be publickly whipt.

Lajily, Moji of the Inconveniencies arifing in-Families from the MifconduCt of Servants, are owing to the partial and unjufi Characters given of them by their Mafters or Miftrejes, either from falfe good Nature, or undefervsd Refentment; and as it is the higheft InjuJHce to fay lefs of good Servants than they merit, it is the greateft Cruelty to fay more in Favour of bad ones than they ought; and it is a Rule never to be broke, not to take the Character of any Servant but from the P erf on 'whom they ferved la ft, if that can be had, and that by Word of Mouth if poffblc, as written Characters are an Inlet to Lnpojition.

And here I cannot avoid taking Notice, that among the various Injlauccs of domeftic Reformations, which we have lately experienced 'in this Kingdom, none gives me fo feu ft Ac a Fenfire as

H	the

142

Ncgrocf.

PxtraSls from the Penal Laws, the great Scarcity of French Cooks, French Valet de Chambres, and French Milliners, now to he met with in the EnglilH Families of Rank and Fortune, and as they firji obtained a Footing here by their Artifice and our own Caprice, I hope that they have now loft 'it from a Conviction for ever to be eftabl’fhed in the Minis of oux Ladies and Gentlemen, that /fo.Englifh Cook can drefs Ragouts, the Englifh Valet de Ch'ambre can drefs Hair, and the Englifh Milliner drefs Caps better than any French Man or Woman whatever. The Mixttire of Foreign Servants with the Englifh never fails to beget Jcalcifies, Quarrels .and Liftiirbances in the Families where they live ■, for as the former are too often beheld by the Mafter. or Miftrefs with a partial Eye, they confequently enjoy 'a greater Share of their Confidence, which they conftantly abufe by making them dijfatisfted with the Behaviour of their own faithful Countrymen. Indeed I have now and then heard a jemmy Gentleman fay, that no Englishman could drefs Hair in Tafte ; but when he recollects that Hair was never more wore -or better drefs’d than at prefent, and thatchiefly hy Englifh-men too, he may perhaps allow himfelf to be in the Wrong'for once ;' and it is clear to Demonftra-tion to every impartial Mind that' there cannot be a Conveniency that ought to be expected from a Servant, but what may be certainly found among thofe who are born and brought up in Great-Bri-tain : The itmnenfe Confufton that has arofe in the Families of Merchants and other Gentlemen who have Eftates in the Weft-Indies, from the great Number of Negro Slaves they have brought into this Kingdom alfo deferves the moft ferious Attention many of theft Gentlemen have cither at a vaft Expcuce caufcd feme of theft Blacks to be in-

ftrufled

244

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

it is therefore to be hoped that thefe Gentlemen will be extremely cautious for the future, how they bring Blacks to England, for befides that they are defeated in the Ends that they prop ofe by it, it.is a Species of Inhumanity to the Blacks themfelves, who while they continue Abroad in .a Degree of Ignorance fo necefjary to render a State of Slavery flipper table, are in fane Meafure contented with their Condition, and chearfuily fiibmit to thofe fevere Laws which the Government of fuch Pxrjons makes neceffary, but they no foov.er come over, but the Sweets of Liberty and the Converfation with free Men and Chrifiians, enlarge their Mind', and enable them too foon to form fuch Comparifons of the different Situations, as only ferve when they are fent back again to mbit ter their State of Sla ■ very, to make them rcfllefs, prompt to conceive, and alert to execute the blac-keji Confpiracies againfl. their Governors and Majlers.

CHAP. XXXI.

ExtraBs from 7 Geo, 1. flat’ 1. c, 13. for regulating the journeymen 'Taylors within the Weekly Bills of Mortality.

Contrails between Journeymen for advancing their Wages, or leflening the Hours of Work, declared void and illegal.

I. riT^ HIS Aft enafts, That. all .Contrafb, jf_ Covenants or Agreements, in Writing or not Writing, made or entered into by or between any Perlons brought up in, or profeffing, ufing or erercifing the Art or Myflery of a Taylor, or Journeyman Taylor, in making up Mens or Womens Work, within the Cities of London or Weiiminjicr, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, for advancing their Wages or leflen-

ing,

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	245

ing their ufual Hours of Work, are hereby declared to be illegal,^ null and void, to all Intents and Purpofes vvhatloever; and thofe who fhail keep up, continue, aft in, make, enter into, Taylors en-fign, feal, or be knowingly interefted or con-*er,nSinto cerned in any fuch Contradt, Covenant or^nt^g“^e Agreement, and being convi&ed thereof on the committed for Oath of one Witnefs, before two Juftices, fhail two Months, be committed to the Houfe of Corredion to hard Labour, or to the common Gaol, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding two Months.

II.	That the Hours of Work of all Jour-Hours of neymen Taylors, &V. fhail be from Six o’clockWork* in the Morning till Eight o’Clock at Night.

III.	The Wages of Journeymen Taylors, &c. vfcmes, &c. vary, as they are fettled by the Quarter-Seffions

who have alfo a Power of altering the Hours of Work *, and the Rates and Alterations made at fuch Quarter-Seffions are to be obferved by Taylors and Journeymen, on Pain of two Months Impri-fonment. Profecution to be within fin Lays.

IV.	The Wages of Journeymen Taylors, W how &V. may be recovered by Diftrefs and Sale, to be reco-on making Complaint before two Juftices. vered.

V.	That if any Perfon retained or employed journeymen as a Journeyman Taylor or Servant, in the Art departing or Myftery of a Taylor, fhail depart from his£roin,their Service before the End of the Term or Time^™^ 0Cp0re for which he is or fhail be hired or retained, or the Term, or till the Work for which he is hired or retained, the Work fhail be finifhed; or not being retained or

ployed, fhail refufc to enter into Work or Em-or refufm-r t0 ployment, (after Requeft made for that Purpofc enter into by any Maftcr-Taylor lor the Wages and Hours W°rk. limited, or to be limited and appointed, as

L	aforefaid)	1

147

Ex f raffs from the Pe?ial Laws.

complied with, while many other Majlers have had a total Stop put to their Bnfmefs, lecaufe they would not he guilty of a Breach of fo necejfary a Law ; hut the Succefs of the Journeymen in thefe Difputes, and the Suhmijfion of their Majlers, is chiefly owing to the Cuflom the Majlers now have got of charging extra Wages in their Bills, hy which Means they relieve themfelves, and the Im-pofition is thrown entirely on the Public, who can alone redrefs it, hy throwing it hack again upon the Majier Eay lor, for whofe Benefit and Security the Legijlattire has taken fuch Pains as leaves him without Room for Complaint.

CHAP. XXXII.

Extracts from 30 Geo. 2. c. 24.	9	Geo.	i.

c. 22.	27	Geo. 2. c. 15. relative to

Frauds and Fhreatning Letters.

I.	qn H E firft Adi ena&s, That all Perfons obtaining who knowingly and delignedly, by falfe Money or Pretences, fhall obtain from any Perfon Money, Goods by falfe Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, with Intent to Pretences-cheat or defraud any Perfon of the fame, fhall be deemed Offenders againfl Law and the public Peace; and the Court before whom fuch Offender (ball be tried and convidled, fhall order fuch Offender to be fined and imprifoned, or to be put in the Pillory, or publicldy whipped, or to be tranfported.

II.	And that all Perfons who fhall knowingly Sending fend or deliver any Letter or Writing, with or threrumng without a Name or Names, fubferibed thereto, or figned with a fictitious Name or Names,

L

Letter

148

Perfons convicted of fending Threatening Letters, or o: refcuing Perfons in Cufto-dy for fuch Offences, to fuffer Death.

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

Letter or Letters, threatning to accufe any Per-fon of any Crime punifhiable by Law with Death, Tranfportation, Pillory or any other infamous Punifhment, with a View or Intent to extort or gain Money, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes from the Perfon fo threatened to be accufed, fhall be deemed Offenders as abovey and pffer the fame Punifhment.

III.	By 9 Geo. 1. c. 22. All Perfons who fhall knowingly fend any Letter, without any Name fubfcribed thereto, or figned with a fifti-„tious Name, demanding Money, Yenifon or ■other valuable Thing ; or fhall refcue any Perfon in lawful Cuftody for fuch Offence *, or fhall by Gift or Promife of Money, or other Reward, procure any of his Majefty’s Subjefts to join him or them in any fuch unlawful Aft, fhall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fhall fuffer Death as in Cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

IV.	By 2y Geo. 2. c. 15. If any Perfon fhall knowingly fend any Letter without a Name fuofcribed thereto, or with a fiftitious Name, Letter or Letters, threatning to kill of murder any of his Majefty’s Subjefts, or to burn their Houfes, Ouc-houfes, Barns, Stacks of Corn or Grain, Hay or Straw, though no Money or Venifon or other valuable Thing fhall be demanded, in or by fuch Letter, or fhall forcibly refcue any Perfon being lawfully in Cuftody of any Officer or other Perfon for the faid Offence, fhall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fhall fuffer Death as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

Obs. i. As by the above Statute for the Pu-n foment of Frauds, the Magiflrate has Power to

bind

E'o	Extracts	from the Penal Laws.

was committed, for the Ufe of the Poor, any Sum not exceeding ios. And if fuch Offender fhall not make fuch Recotnpence or$Satisfa£lion to the Owner, and pay fuch Sum to the Ufe of the Poor,' then fuch Juflice may commit the Offender to the Houfe of Correction for any Space not exceeding one Month, or may order fuch Offender to be whipped by the Conflabie; and for a fecond Offence fhall be committed for three Months.

Limitation of Profecution to commence within 30 Days Profecution. after the Offence committed.

CHAP; XXX1Y.

Extracts from 16 Geo. 2. c. 8, 17 Geo. 2. c. 17.	24 Geo. 2. c. 40.	30 Geo.	2.

c. 19.	28 Geo. 2. c. 19. relative to the

Jelling oj IVine, Ale, Beer and Spirituous Liquors.

None to retail I- ¥ F any Perfon or Perfons fhall prefume or Spirituous	offer to retail any Sort of Spirituous Li-

Liquois with- qUOrs without taking out a Licence and renewed a iccnce-jng the fame yearly, he, fhe or they fhall ref-pcdtively forfeit the Sum of \ol. for each Offence ; and in cafe of Refufal or Negledl of Payment, the Juflice before whom convidled, may commit fuch Offender to the Houfe of Correction to hard Labour for two Months, anti not to be difeharged till the faid Sum of 10/. fhall be paid, or till the full Expiration of the faid two Months.

Offenders to	]I. And by 17 Geo. 2. c. t7. The Juflice

Mlvhipt	may, if he th.nlcs proper, inffead of levying

1	the

Extracts from the Pe?ial Laws.	151

the Penalty, commit the Offender to the Houfe before dif-of Correction, to be kept to hard Labour for from two Months ; and the Perfon fo committed lhall, before his Difcharge, be ftript naked from the Middle upwards, and whipt till his Body be bloody.

III.	And by 24 Geo. 2. c. 40.

naity of 10/. is not . to be mitigated lower than be reduced

5/. And all Spirituous Liquors which (hall be^.^.S1, and

found in the Cuftody of fuch Perfon for fix LquorTfound

Months after Convidtion, (hall be feized, ftaved in Pofleffion

or otherwife deftroyed for a lecond Offence, of theOffend-

exclufive of all other Penalties, to be commit-w'thln/ix

Months after

Penalty cf the faid Pe- iol. not to

hard Labour for three Months, and

Convidtion,

ted to

whipt, if the Juftice or Commiflioner think to be dcftroy-fkj, and for a third Offence to be tranfported ed-for feven Years.

Second

Offence.

Third

IV.	If any Diftiller or other Perfon fhali Offence, knowingly fell or deliver, or caufe to be fold D ^ and delivered by his Servants or others, any	c'

Quantity of Diftilled Spirituous Liquors, to the Liquors to be End that the fame may be unlawfully retailed, unlnwfuily or to any unlicenfed Retailer, he fhali forfeit ret|a'!ci,’ “r t0 10/. and treble the Value of fuch fpirituous Retailers, fbr-Liquors fo fold and delivered •, and if any Per- feits iol.’ and fon guilty of retailing diftilled Spirituous Li- treble the quors, (hall difeover the Diftiller or other Per-	d;(.

fon, who fhali have fupplied him with fuch Li- covering and quors, and (hall profecute him without Delay to convicting the Convidlion, he fhali not only be entitled to half ITfliller, mti-the Penalty, but fhali be indemnifiied againft all of p^°.j|[yllC Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by him, be- ;ilKj i1Kicmt'u-fore the Commencement of fuch Proleeution for lied, felling Spirituous Liquors without Licence.

L 4

V.

*53

Ey.traBs from the Penal Laws, not lefs than 10I. or be committed to hard Labour not exceeding three Months.

For by the fame Aft, any two or more of his Majefty’s Commiffioners for managing the Duties arifing by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, and no other Perfon whatfoever fhall grant Licences under their Hands and Seals to fuch Perfons as they fhall think fit to fell and utter by Retail in Manner aforefaid, any Kind of Wine or Wines, or Liquor called or reputed Wine whatfoever, in any City,

Town, or other Place within Great-Britain.

Obs. Jufiices of the Peace cannot by Law grant a Licence to fell Beer or Ale to any Perfon whatever who does not ■produce a proper Certificate of their good Fame, fiber life and Converfation and, tho’ this Refiraint is not laid on the Commiffioners of the Stamp-Office in granting Licenfes for retailing of Wine, and they are allowed to grant them to whom they think fit-, yet this Refir aint is certainly imply1d, and doubilefs on a Complaint from the Peace Officers or Inhabitants in any Neighbourhood where the Keeper of any Bawdy Houfe,

Bagnio, or other diforderly Houfe is become a Nu-fance to that Neighbourhood from the Power of felling Wine, the Commmiffwners will immediately remove the Caufe by re fifing to renew that Licence, for this is one of the principal Caufes of the many Mifcbiefs arifing from Bawdy Houfes.

VII.	By 30 Geo. 2. c. ,ig. it is enafted, That Perfons rc. no Perfon whatfoever (uniefs duly licenfed for tailing Wine that Purpofc, (hall fell or utter by Retail, that without is, by the Pint, Quart, Pottle or Gallon, or Llcencc’ by any other greater or lefs Retail Meafurc, or in Bottles in any lefs Quantity than fhall be equal to the Meafure of the Calk or VelTel in

which

154

forfeit iool.

Perfons fell! n Ale, Beer, &c. without Licence.

Brewers felling Beer or Ale to unli-cenfed Publicans.

Extract from the Penal haws. which the fame fhall have been, or may lawfully be imported, any kind of Wine or Wines, or any Liquor called or reputed Wines on Pain of forfeiting for every Offence ioo /. Complaint to be made to the Commiffioners of the Stamp-Office in Lincoln's Inn.

VIII.	By 26 Geo. 2. c. 31. and 28 Geo. 2. c. ig. it is enabled. That every Perfon con-vided of felling Ale, Beer or other Liquors, without a Licence from two-Juftices for that Purpofe, fhall forfeit for every firft Offence 40s. for every fecond Offence 4/. for every third Offence 61. and the faid Penalty of 61. for every Offence afterwards, and for Want of fuffitient Diftrefs, to be committed to the common Gaol or Houfe of Correction, without Bail or Main-prize, for the Space of one'Month for the firfl Offence ; two Months for the Second ; and for the third and every fiibfequent Offence until fuch Offender fhall be difcharged by Order ofAhe Court of General Quarter-Seffions. ~

The 4 J. s. c. 4. f. x. enadts, Thaf-no Perfon or Perfons, by himfelf or by other Ways or Means, diredtly or indiredly, fhall fell, utter or deliver, or caufe to be ibid, uttered or delivered, any Beer or Ale, to any Perfon or Perfons, or into the Houfe or Cellar of any Perfon or Perfons that then fhall fell or . utter Beer 01-Ale as a common Tipler or Ale-PIoufe Keeper, the fame Perfon not having any Licence then in Force to fell Ale or Beer, other than for the convenient Ufe or Expence of his, her or their Houfhold only; upon Pain to forfeit for every Barrel fold, uttered or delivered contrary to the Meaning of this Ad, the Sum of 6 s, 8 d. and

i©

Penalty.

J56

Pfrfons reserving or buying un-Szeablc Filh.

Size of Fifh.

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

Thames Smelts, (except only in the Seafon, in which the fame are hereby allowed to be caught) or fhall knowingly fell or expofe to or for Sale, at any Time of the Year, any unwholfome, unfeafonable or unfizeable Thames Fifh, or Fifh of the Waters of Medway, under Penalty to forfeit the fame to any Perfon who will make Seizure thereof (and which any Perfon is hereby authorized to do, and to bring the Offender before a Magistrate) and alfo under Pain to forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence 40 s.

II.	That no Perfon fhall, on the River ’Thames or Waters of Medway, within the Jurifdidlion aforefaid, or in any Part of the Cities of London or Wefimmfter or the Liberties thereof, or in the faid Counties of Middlefex, Surrey, Efjex or Kent, or any of them, knowingly buy or accept of, or take by way of Gift, Exchange or other-wife, any unwholefome Thames Fifh, or Fifh of the Waters of Medway, or any Thames Fifh, or Fifh of the Waters of Medway out of Seafon, or any Spawn, Fry or Brood of Thames Fifh, or Fifh of the Waters of Medway, or Spat of Oyfters, or any kind or fort of Thames Fifh, or Fifh of the Waters of Medway, under the Di-■menfion or Size the fame refpeftively are allowed to be taken by the Orders above-mentioned, under the Penalty to forfeit and pay ior. for every Offence.

III.	That no Fifh of any of the forts or kind herein after-mentioned, fhall be caught in the faid River of Thames or Waters of Medway, or fold, or expofed to or for Sale, if caught in the faid River of Thames or Waters of Medway, of Id’s Weight or Size than herein alter is fpe-eifted, that is to fay.

No

J57

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

No Salmon of lefs Weight than fix Pounds each Fifh.

No Trout of lefs Weight than one Pound each. Fifh.

No Pike or Jack under twelve Inches long from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Pearch under fix Inches long, from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Flounders under fix Inches long, from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Soles under feven Inches long, from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Plaice or Dabs under feven Inches long, from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Roach under fix Indies long, from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Dace under fix Inches long, from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Whitings under fix Inches long, from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Barbel under twelve Inches long.

No Chub under nine Inches each : under Pain to forfeit and pay 40 s. for every fuch Offence.

IV.	That the refpe&ive Times and Seafons for Per Tons going forth to fifh, and taking Fifh in the faid River of Thames and Waters of Medway, 111 all, from Time to Time, be ob-ferved by them, and be as follows, that is to Eiy,

Flounders fliall be taken all the Year.

Smelts fhall be only taken from the 25th Day of January to the j ft Day of June in every Year.

Shads fliall be only taken from the 10th Day of May to die 30th of June in every Year.

Salmon

Extracts from the Penal Lam.

Salmon fhall be only taken from the i ith Day of November to the 24th of Auguft yearly.

’Trouts fhall only be taken from the nth Day of November to the 24th Day of Auguft yearly.

Pike, Jack, Pearch, Roach, Dace, Chub and Barbel, fhall be only taken between the 24th Day of Auguft and the 21ft Day of March in every Year.

Gudgeons fhall be only taken from the 24th Day of Auguft to the 21ft Day of March in every Year.

Leap and Rods for Eels fhall be laid only from the 21ft Day of April to the 30th Day of Qftober yearly.

Lamperns fhall be only taken from the 24th Day of Auguft to the 30th Day of March yearly.

Whitings fhall be only taken from Michaelmas Day yearly till Ember Week.

Whitebait fhall be only taken from the iff Day of Auguft to the 1 ft Day of 0 dialer yearly.

White Shrimps fhall be only taken from Bar' tholomew Day to Good Friday yearly.

Red Shrimps fhall be taken in the River Medway, from the 25th Day of April to the ift: Day of July in every Year.

Buntings fhall be only taken from the ift Day of September to the firft Day of April yearly.

Hooker men may hook for Eels all the Year.

Stow-Boats, Drawlermen, Trmkermen, Heb-bermen, Draggerwen, and Bandiiigraen, may Jay Leaps for Eels and Smelts, during the Time and in the Seafons hereby allowed for taking fuch Fifli refpeftively.

And any Pcrfon who fhall catch any Fifh within the Jurifdidlion aforefaid, in any other

manner

i6o

not privy to the Fraud.

Penalty on the faid Fraud, or alfifting thereto.

If the Goods exceed not 501. Landlords to have Recourfe to two Juftices.

ExtraSls from the Penal Laws.

valuable Confideration to fome Perfon not privy to the Fraud.

II.	That if any fuch Tenant or Lefiee lhall fraudulently remove and convey away his or her Goods as aforefaid j or if any Perfon fhail wilfully and knowingly aid or affift any fuch Tenant or Leffee in fuch fraudulent conveying away or carrying off of any Part of his or her Goods or Chattels,. or in concealing the fame, fuch Perfon fo offending fliall forfeit and pay to ,the Landlord or Leffer from whofe Eftate fuch Goods and Chattels were fraudulently carried off as aforefaid, double the Value of the Goods by him or them refpedively carried off or concealed as aforefaid.

III.	That where the Value of the Goods fo carried off or concealed, lhall not exceed the Value of 50/. it lliall and may be lawful for the Landlord, his Bailiff, Servant or Agent, to exhibit a Complaint in Writing againft fuch Offender or Offenders before two Juftices, who may fummon the Parties, and determine in a fummary Way, whether fuch Perfon or Perfons be guilty of the Offence with which he, Ihe or they are charged, and upon Proof thereof fhail adjudge the Offender or Offencers to pay double the Value of the faid Goods or Chattels to fuch Landlord, to be levied by Warrant of Diftrefs ; and if no Diftrefs can be found, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Houfe of Cor-redion to hard Labour for the Space of fix Months, unlefs the Money lliall be fooner fatisfied.

IV.	That where any Goods or Chattels fraudulently or clandcftinely conveyed or carried away by any Tenant or Leffee, his or her

Servant,

Extracts from the Ee?ial Laws*	161

Servant, A°-ent or other Perfon aiding or affift- Landlords ‘ing therein” fhall be put, placed or kept in any “^cak Houfe, Barn, Stable, Outhoufe, Yard, Clofe ^e^sds cr Place locked up, fattened or otherwife fecu- fraudulently red, fo as to prevent fuch Goods or Chattels fecured from being taken and feized as a Diftreis fortherein’ Arrears of Rent, it fhall and may be lawful for the Landlord or Letter, his Steward, Bailiff,

Receiver or other Perfon impowered to take and feize as a Diftrefs for Rent, fuch Goods and Chattels (firffc calling to his Afliftance the .Con-ftable, Headborough, Borfholder or other Peace Officer of the Hundred, Borough, Parifh,

Diftridl or Place, where the fame fhall be fuf-pedted to be concealed, who are hereby required to aid and affift therein •, and in cafe of a Dwel-Jing-houfe, Oath being alfo firft made before fome Juftice of the Peace, of a reafonable Ground to fufpeft that fuch Goods or Chattels are therein) in the Day-time, to break open and enter into fuch Houfe, Barn, Stable, Out-houfe,

Yard, Clofe and Place, and to take and feize fuch Goods and Chattels for the Laid Arrears of Rent.

Y.	That any Leflor or Landlord, his Stew- and may chard, Bailiff, Receiver or ocher Perfon, im- ftrain Stock or powered by him, to take and feize as a Dittrefs pattlc;r°nftiie for Arrears of Rent, any Cattle or Stock of A?r™arsof°r their refpeftive Tenant or Tenants, feeding or Rent, depafturing upon any Common, Appendant or Appurtenant, or any Ways belonging to all or any Part of the Premiffes demifed or holden ; and alfo to take and feize all Sorts of Corn and Grafs, Plops, Roots, Fruit, Pulfe or other Product whatfoever, which fhall be growing on any Part of the Ettates fo demifed or holden,

M	as

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	163

of fourteen Days at lead) they will return to take a fecond View thereof; and if upon fuch fecond View, the Tenant or fome Perfon on his or her Behalf, fhall not appear and pay the Rent in Arrear, or there fliall not be fufff ienr Diftrefs upon the Premifies; then the faid Juftices may put the Landlord or LefTor into the Pofiefiion of the laid demifed Premifies, and the Leafe thereof to fuch Tenant, as to any Dernife therein contained only, fhall from thenceforth become void.

And whereas great Inconveniences have happened and may happen to Landlords whofe Tenants have Power to determine their Leafes, by giving Notice to quit the Premifies by them holden, and yet refufmg to deliver up the Pol-fefiion when the Landlord hath agreed with another Tenant for the fame, it is enacted,

VIII.	That in cafe any Tenant fhall give

Notice of his or her Intention to quit the Pre-

mifles by him or her holden, at a Time men- affer the Time

tioned in fuch Notice, and fliall not accordingly they notify

deliver up the Poffeffion thereof at the Time in f°r quitting

fuch Notice contained ; that then the faid Te-‘I’6r?, pay

double Ren-c,

nant, his or her Lxecutor or Admimftrator, fliall from thenceforward pay to the Landlord or LefTor, double the Rent or Sum which he or flic fliould otherwife have paid; which double Kent or Sum fhall continue to be paid during all the 1 ime fuch Tenant fliall continue in PofTel-fion as afore faid.

Ons. If this was ex/.ailed to Iloufes and Lodgings in London, hired ly the Week, 'Month cr Hear vi the following Manner, viz. cJhat on a Landlord or ‘Tenant, where the /louje cr Lodging is lett by the ILeek, giving a Weeli s Notice in

M 1	Writings

164	Extracts	from	the.	Penal	Laws.

Writing, when lett by the Months a Fortnight’s Notice, and by the Tear, a Quarter's Notice, and if they d:d not quit the fame to be liable to pay double Rent as above, it would be ufeful, as it would fave the \Trouble and Expence of Ejectments, which tho’ they may an fuser in Relation to Houfes, cannot in regard to Lodgings, and Lodgers from this Defect occafion great Mifchiefs, and infinite Plazue to the Landlords.

In the feizing of Goods for Rent, it is ufe-ftl to requeft the Attendance of a Confiable to keep the Peace, and necejfary to be very exaCi in the Inventories cf Goods feized, one of which foould be delivered to the Tenant •, and in giving Warning, Notice /hoteld always be left in Writing. But as the feizing of Goods is a difagreeable Circumfiance, and the getting rid of troublefome Tenants is always attended with much Difficulty, frequent Quarrels and Difputes, it is impojfble to be too careful and exalt, in enquiring into the Characters of fuch as are admitted Tenants to Houfes or Lodgings, and more particularly the latter; whofe Characters foould be enquired at the Place where they lajl lodged.

CHAP. XXXVI.

Extracts from 27 Eliz. c. 13.	8 Geo. 2.

c. 16. &c. relative to the Hue and Cry, and the Notice necefj'ary to he given by Per fens robbed on the Highway, who intend to Juc the Hundred.

The Party robbed dial! give Notice

O Perfon that fhall hereafter happen to be robbed, fhall have or maintain

any

I.

166

To give Notice to a Con-liable, delcri-bing the i'clon,

and publiih the Cafe in the London Gazette within 20 Days • after the Robbery,

and give Security to pay Colls, i

Vail.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Statute to be given of any Robbery, with as much convenient Speed as may be, after any Robbery on him, her or them committed, give Notice thereof to one of the Conftables of the Hundred, or to fome Conftable, Bor-fholder, Headborough or Tythingman of fome Town, Parifh, Village, Hamlet or Tything, near unto the Place wherein fuch Robbery lhall happen, or lhall leave Notice in Writing of fuch Robbery at the Dweiling-houfe of fuch Conftable, Borfholder, <oV. deferibing in fuch Notice to be given or left as aforefaid, fo far as the Nature and Circumftances of the Cafe will admit, the Felon or Felons, and the Time and Place of the Robbery ; and alfo lhall, within 20 Days next after the Robbery committed, caufe public Notice to be given thereof in the London Gazette^ therein likewife deferibing, fo far as the Nature and Circumftances of the Cafe will admit, the Felon or Felons, and the Time and Place of fuch Robbery, together with the Goods and Elfeds whereof he, Ihe or they were robbed; and lhall alfo, .before any fuch Adion be commenced, go before the chief Clerk or Secondary, or the Filazer of the County wherein fuch Robbery lhall happen, or the Clerk of the Pleas of that Court wherein fuch Adion is intended to be brought, or their refpedive Deputies, or Before the Sheriff of the County wherein the Robbery lhall happen, and enter into a Bond to the High Conftable of the Hundred in which fuch Robbery lhall be committed, in the penal Sum of joo/. with two fuffici-enr Sureties to be appointed by fuch chief Clerk, Secondary, Filazer or Clerk of the Pleas, or their refpedive Deputies, or the Sheriff of the

faid

167

'Extracts from the■ Penal Laws.

faid County, with Condition for fccuring to fuch High Conftable (who is hereby impowen-d and required to enter, or caufe to be entered, an Appearance, and alfo to defend fuch A&ion as herein after is mentioned) the due Payment of his or their Cofts after the fame fhail be taxed by a proper Officer in Cafe that he, fhe or they (the Plaintiffs in fuch Aftion) fhail happen to be nonfuited or difcontinue his Aftion, or in Cafe that Judgment fhail be given againft fuch Plaintiff on Demurrer, or that a Verdict fhail be given againft him.

IH. No,Hundred or Franchife therein fhali be chargeable by virtue of the above-mentioned or any Other-Statute, if one or more of the Felons, by whom fuch Robbery fhail be committed, be apprehended within 4.0 Days next after fucn public Notice given in the London Gazette as aforefaid.

IV.	29 Cka. 2. c■ 7 f. 5. IfanyPerfon which fhail travel on the Lord's Day, fhali be then robbed, that no Hundred or the Inhabitants thereof (hall be charged with or anfwerabie for any Robbery fo committed-, but the Perfon fo robbed fhail be barred from bringing any Addon for the faid Robbery: Nevcrthclefs, the Inhabitants of the Counties and Hundreds, (after Notice of any fuch Robbery to fome of them given, or after Hue and Cry for the fame to be brought) fhali make or caufe frefh Suit to be made alter the Offenders, with Horfemen and Footmen, according to the Statute of the 2 7 KHz. upon Pain of forfeiting to the King as much Money as might have been recovered againft the Hundred by the Party robbed, if this Law had not been made.

M 4

Hundred no* chargeable, if one of the Felons be apprehended in 40 Days after Notice in the Gaze'.te.

Hundreds not chargeable, if the Robbery be committed on the Lord’s Day.

neverthelef. to make Hue mid Cry.

Penalty.

V.

i68

No Perfon to recoverrnore than 2001, unlefs two were prefent at the Robbery.

Method of making Hue and Cry.

The Aftion to be commenced with-in one Year.

I

ExtraSis from the Penal Laws.

V.	By 22 Geo. 2. c. 24. No Perfon ft)all recover againft the Inhabitants of any Hundred more than 200/. unlefs the Perfon or Perfons fo robbed fhall be together in Company, and be in Number Two at the leaft, to atteft the Truth of his or their being fo robbed.

VI.	By 8 Geo. 2. c. 16. Every Borfholder, Headborough or Tythingman, to whom Notice fhall be given, or at whofe Dwelling-houfe Notice of any Robbery fhall be left as aforefaidj, and every Conftable of the Hundred,- and every Conftable, Borfholder, Headborough or Tythingman, of any Town, Parifh, Village, Hamlet or Tything, within the Hundred or the Eranchifes within the Precindt thereof, wherein fuch Robbery fhall happen, as foon as the fame fhall come to his Knowledge, either by Notice from the Party robbed, or from any other Perfon to whom Notice lhall be given thereof pur-fuant to this or any other Statute, fhall, with the utmoft Expedition, make and caufe to be made, frefh Suit and Hue and Cry after the Felon by whom fuch Robbery fhall be committed ; on Pain of forfeiting 5/. for every fuch Refufal or Negledt.

VII.	By 27 EJiz. c. 13. No Hue and Cry or Purfuit hereafter to be made by any County or Hundred, fhall be allowed and taken to be a lawful Hue and Cry or Purfuit, except it be done by Horfemen and Footmen.

VJII. No Perfon can take any Benefit by virtue of any Statute, to charge any Hundred, except he fhall commence his Suit or Adtion within one Year after the Robbery committed.

C FI A P.

i ;o

Perfons buying or receiving Materials from

Workmen.

forfeit for (lie frit Offence, :o I.

on Non pny-piont to be committal and whipped.

Extracts from the Penal' Laws.

II. That if any Perfon fhall buy, receive, accept or take by way of Gift, Pawn, Pledge, Sale or Exchange, or in any other manner whatfoever, of or from any Perfon or Perfons, hired or- employed to make any Felt or Hat, or to prepare oi Work up the Woollen, L.innen, Fuftian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Mohair or Silk Manufactures, or any Manufactures made up of Wool, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Cotton, Mohair or Silk, or of any of the faid Materials mixed one with another, any Thrums or Ends of Yarn, or any other Materials of any of the above-mentioned Articles, whether the fame or any Part thereof be or be not firfi .wrought, made up o.r manufactured, knowing the Perfon of whom he, fhe or they fo buy, receive, accept or take the faid Materials, to be lb hired; or employed as aforefaid, and not having firit obtained the Confent of the Perfon or Perfons fo hiring or employing .him, her or them, who fhall offer- to fell, pawn, pledge, exchange or othervvife difpofe of the faid Materials •, or .fhall'buy, receive, acceptor take, in any manner whatfoever, of or from any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, any of the-faid Materials,^ whether the fame- be or be not fkft wrought, made up or manufactured, knowing the lame to be purloined or embezzled, Inch Perfon fo offending and being thereof convicted a,s aforefaid, fhall, for the firit Offence forfeit the Sum of 20/• and in cafe the faid Forfeiture fhall not be immediately paid, fhall be committed to hard Labour for the Space of fourteen Days, unlefs the faid Forfeiture fhall be fooner paid ; And if within two Days before the Expiration of the faid fourteen Days the faid Forfeiture lhall

’ not

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	jyt

not be paid, fuch Offender fhall be publickly whipped at the Market Piace, &c. once or oft-per, as to the Juitice who fhall commit fuch Offender Ihail appear reafonable; and in cafe of a further Conviction, for or upon a fecond or Second any other fubfequent Offence of the fame kind, Offence fuch Offender fhall forfeit the Sum of 40/. forfeits401. And in cafe the faid Forfeiture fhall not be immediately paid, fhall be committed to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor lels than one Month, unlefs the faid Forfeiture hall be fooner paid ; and if within feven Days before the Expiration of the Time for which fuch Offender fhall be fo committed, the faid Forfeiture fhall not be paid, the Juflice fhall order fuch Offender to be publickly whipped at the Market-Place, &c. twice or ortener, as to fuch Juffice fhai 1 appear reafonable.

111. That if,any Perfon intruded'with any of the Materials herein before-mentioned, inpena]£y0n order to prepare, work up or manufacture the Workmen not fame, fhall not ufe all the Materials in the pre- returning the paring, working up, or manufacturing the J^“f!J]°f lame, and fhall neglect or delay for the Space vv;thin zi of 21 Days after fuch Materials fhall be pre-Days, paled, worked up or manufactured, to return (if required by the Owner or Owners of fuch Materials fo to do) fo much of the faid Materials as (hall not be ufed as aforefaid, to the Perfon or Perfons intruding him, her or them therewith, fuch NegleCt and Delay fhall be deemed to be an embezzling or purloining of fuch Materials-, and the Perfon convicted, in manner before preferibed, of fuch NegleCt or Delay, fhall fuller the like Punilhment as Perfons conviCtcd of purloining any of the Materials

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	173

that they fall not fell their Vi finals but at certain Prices \ or if any Artificers, Workmen or Labourers do confpire, covenant, or promife together, or make any Oaths that they Jhall not 'make or do their Works but at a certain Price or Rate, or fall not enter-prize or take upon them, to finif that another hath begun, or fall do but a certain Work in a Day, or fall not work but at certain Hours and Limes, every Perfon fo confpiring, covenanting, or [wearing or offending, fall on Convifiion, forfeit for the frfi Offence 10 J. to be paid in fix Days after Convifiion, or be imprifoned twenty Days, and have only Bread and Water for his Suftenance; and for the fecond Offence to forfeit 201. in like Manner, or fuffer Punifiment of the Pillory, and for the third Offence to forfeit 401. in like Manner, or elfe fall fit on the Pillory and lofe one of his Ears, and alfo Jhall at all Times after that be taken as & Man infamous, and his Saying, Depofitions, or Oath not to be credited at any Time in any Matters of Judgment.

V.	The 12 Geo. 1. c. 34. enadts, That all Con- All Combina-trafts. Covenants or Agreements, and all By-uonsof Laws, Ordinances, Rules or Orders, in unlawful ^°°j^onxb' Clubs and Societies, by or between any Perfons leavers brought up or in profeffing, ufing or exerciling illegal, the Art and Myilery of a Wool-Comber or Weaver or Journeyman Wool-Comber or Journeyman Weaver, for regulating the laid Trade or Myftery, or for regulating or fettling the Prices of Goods, or for advancing their Wages, or for lefiening their ufual Hours of Work, lhall be and are hereby declared to be illegal, null and void, to all Intents and Purpofes: And further,

X hat if any Wool-Comber or Weaver, 01-Journeyman Wool-Comber or Weaver, or

other

174-	Extracts	from the Penal Laws.

and if other Perfon concerning in any of the Woollen convifted Manufactures of this Kingdom, fhall keep up,

of keeping up .	,	0	- rr Y

fuch Combi- continue, act in, make, enter into, lign, lea], nations, may or be kpowingly concerned in any Contract, be committed Covenant, Agreement, By-Law, Ordinance, ^^■Rule or Order, any	1 ub, Society or Com-

bination by this Adt declared to be illegal, null and void, or fhall prefume or attempt to put any fuch illegal Agreement, By-Law, Ordinance, Rule or Order, in Execution ; every Perfon fo offending, and being thereof convicted on the Oath of one Witnefs before two Juftices, upon any Information exhibited or Profecution within three Calendar Months after the Offence committed, fhall be committed to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months.

Obs. If the Printers or Publifhers of Adver-tifernents or Pland- Bills, to colletd Journeymen together for the Purpofe of Combination were made liable to be pinfeed by the fame Law.,' it would be a great Means of preventing them.

Quitting	VI.	That if any Perfon adfually retained or

Service bt oree i d as a Wool-Comber or Weaver, or

the lime for r J	,	n	r	,,, ,

which	hiied.	Servant, m	the	Art or My fiery	of	a Wool-

Comber or Weaver, fhall depart from his

Service before the End of the Time or Term

for which he is or fhall be hired or retained,

or fhall quit or return his Work before the fame

fhall be finifhed according to Agreement, un-

lefs it be for feme reafonable or Efficient Caufe

to be allowed by two or more Juftices, and

being thereof convidted as aforefaid, fhall be

committed	to hard Labour	for any Time not

exceeding	three	Months;	and	if	any fuch

Perfon, lb retained or employed as aforefaid,

fhall

276	Extracts	from the Penal Laws.

2s aforefaid, or fufficient Satisfaction given for the fame, to the good Liking of' the Party aggrieved, to levy the fame by Diftrefs and Sale; and for Want of fufficient Diftrefs to commit the Offender to the common Gaol for fix Months, or until fuch Wages or Price agreed on ffiall be paid in Money, or full Satisfaction be given for the fame, to the good Liking of the Party grieved.

Clothiers VIII. That if any Clothier, Serge Maker, paying Wages Woollen or Worfled Stuff-Maker, or Perfon in Goods, concerned in making any Woollen Cloths, Serges or Stuffs, or any ways concerned in employing Wool-Combers, Weavers or other Labourers in the Woollen Manufactory as aforefaid, ffiall pay any Perfon or Perfons employed by them, their Wages or other Price agreed on, or any Part thereof, either in Goods or by Way of Truck, or in any other Manner than in Money as aforefaid, every Perfon fo forfeit 10I. offending ffiall alfo forfeit and pay the Sum of 10/. to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale as aforefaid.

A {faulting or ]X. That if any Perfon or Perfons ffiall STL a^'au*c or abufe any Matter Wool-Comber or Felony/ ' Mafter-Weaver, or other Perfon concerned in any of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, whereby any fuch Matter or other1 Perfon ffiall receive any bodily Hurt, for not complying with, or not conforming, or not fubmitting to any fuch illegal By-Laws, Ordinances, Rules or Orders aforefaid or if any Perfon ffiall write, or. caufe to be written, or fend or caufe to be fent, any Letter or other "Writing or M eft age, threatening any Hurt or Harm to any fuch Matter, threatening to burn.

Extra ft s from the Penal Laws.	177

pull down or deftroy any of their Houfes or Outhoufes, or to cut down or deftroy any of their Trees, or to maim or kill any of their Cattle, for not complying with any Demands,

Claims or Pretences, of any of his or their Workmen, or others employed by them in the faid Manufacture, or for not conforming or not fubmitting to any fuch illegal By-Laws;

Ordinances, &c. as sforefaid ; every Perfon wilfully or knowingly offending in the> Premiffes, fhall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fhall be tranfported for feven Years.

Obs. As it is the more general Practice for Journeymen to decoy, or by Threats, and Ajfaults, to terrify their Brother Journeymen from working for the ufual Prices •, it would be ufeful to add the following Words to this Claufe, viz. 44 That if 44 any Journeyman, or other Perfon, fhall beat,

44 decoy, perfuade or deter, any other Journey-44 man by any Means whatever from working 44 with any Matter at the ufual ftated Prices, or 44 from working the ufual Hours, and (hall be 44 convidtcd of the fame, before one or more Juf-44 tices, on the Oath of one or more Witneftes,

44 he (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and 44 fhall be tranfported for feven Years.”

X.	The 22 Geo. 2. c. 27. enadts, That all Pi*°vifioHs in the Provifions, Regulations, Pains, Penalties ^ ^end'to and Forfeitures contained in the above Claufes toPerfonsem-from 12 Geo. 1. c. 34. (hall extend to Journey* ployed in the men Dyers, Journeymen Hat-Proffers, and all Manufactures other Perfons whatfoever employed in or aboutcnumcrale any of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, and alfo of Journeymen, Servants,

Workmen and Labourers, &c. employed in the making of Felts or Flats, or in, or about any

N	of

iy8	Ext raffs from the Penal Laws.

of the Manufactures of Silk, Mohair, Fufr* Hemp, Flax, Linen, Cotton, Fuftian, Iron or Leather, or in or about any Manufactures made up of Wool, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Cotton, Mohair or Silk, or any of the faid Materials mixed one with another.

Breaking into XL The i 2 Geo. i. c. 34. further enaCts, a Shop to cut	if any Perfon lhall by Day, or by Nlghc,

Felony &C" break int:0 any Floufe or Shop, or enter by Force into any Houfe or Shop, with Intent to cut or deftroy any Serge dr other Woollen Good in the Loom, or any Tools employed in the making thereof, or lhall wilfully and malicioufly cut or deftroy any fuch Serges or Woollen Goods in the Loom or on the Rack, or lhall burn, cut or deftroy any Rack on which any fuch Serges or other Woollen Goods are hanged in Order to dry, or lhall wilfully and malicioufly break or deftroy any Tools ufed in the making any fuch Serges or other Woollen Goods, not having the Confent of the Owner fo to do, fuch Offender, being thereof convicted, lhall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and lhall fuffer Death in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

CHAP. XXXIX.

Extraffs from 23 Geo. 2. c. 13. and

5 Geo. 1. c. 27. relating to the Jcducmg Artificers.

p-p H E firft of thele Statutes enaCts, That if 1 at any Time after the 24th Day of June, 1750, any Perfon or Perfons lhall contract with,

entice.

i8o

Captains of VeiTels permitting fuch Utenfils to be put on Board forfeits ioo 1. &c.

.Artificers going into foreign Parts and not returning after

Warning.

Lxfraffs from the Penal Laws.

fhall on Conviction, not only forfeit and lofe all fuch Tools or Utenfils, or Parts or Parcels thereof, which fhall be fo loaded or put on board as aforefaid, but alfo the Sum of 200/. to be recovered by ACtion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information. And the Officers of the Cuftoms are by this ACt impowered to feize fuch Tools, (s7c.

And Captains or Maflers of Ships permitting fuch Tools or Utenfils to be put on board, forfeits 100/. to be recovered in like Manner; and if the Ship belongs to his Majefty, then the faid Captain or Mafter, fhall moreover forfeit his Employment, and be difqualified from holding any other Employment under his Majefty his Heirs or Succeffors.

And by 5 Geo. 1. c. 27./. 3. It is enaCted, that from and after the 1 ft of Ma)\ 1719, any fuch Artificer or Manufacturer as aforefaid, going into a foreign Country, there to exercife his Trade, and not returning in fix Months after Warning given him by his Majefty’s Ambaf-fador. Envoy, Refident, Minifter, Conful, or Secretary of State, fhall be incapable of taking any Legacy, fsV. forfeit all his Lands, <UV. and be deemed an Alien.

CHAP. XL.

Exiraffs from 32 Geo. 2. relating to Cam-brick and French Lawns.

BY this Statute it is4enaCted, That in Cafe I any Pcrfon or Perfons fhall after the ift of Augtijt) 1759, fell, offer or expofe to Sale,

or

Extraffs from the Penal Laws.	lSi

or have in his, her, or their Cuflody Goods

for that Purpofe, any Cambricks or French ^xPofed*° t	/	L - r J-	,	T	/-	Sale, or found

Lawns, (other than in luch Ware-Houle, as in pr5vate

fhall be approved of by the Commiffioners) PoiTcffion, the fame fhall be forfeited, and fhall be liable to be fearched for, and feized in like Manner 35 offender other prohibited and uncuftomed Goods are, t0 forfe;t and every fuch Perfon fhall alfo forfeit 200/. 2001. extra, over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures by any former Adi.

And if any Doubts or Queftions fhall arife •with Refpedl to the Species or Quality of the ar°fingcon_ faid Goods, feized by Yirtue of this Adi, orcerningthe where the fame were manufadtured, the Proof Species or fhall lie on the Owner, and not upon the Pro- QHallty> &Ci fecutor.

CHAP. XLL

Ext raffs from 25 Geo. 2. c. 36. for regulating Places of public Entertainment within twenty Miles of London ; and for punijh-ing Perfons keeping diforderly Konfes.

Cl)ti# remarkable are t|je SSHorbg of tge |3re= amble to tbtsi Statute,

I.	YY 7 HERE AS the Multitude of Places Unlicenfed Vy of Entertainment for the lower Sort Places of of People, is a great Caufe of Thefts and Robbe- public ties, as they are thereby tempted to fpend their fmall Subftance in riotous Pleafures, and in Con- diforderly iequence are put on unlawful Methods of fup-Houfcs, plying their Wants and renewing their Pleafures :

Be it enadled. That any Houfe, Room, Garden

N 3	or

I 82

ferfons keeping the fame, forfeit I oo 1.

Conftables may feize Peribns found therein.

J icenfed Places to have an Infcription over them,

and not to be opened before 5 in the Evening.

Oh Breach of either of thefe Conditions, Licence to be revoked.

Profecution to be within fix Months.

Extratfs from the Penal Laws.

or other Place, kept for public Dancing, jVIufick or other public.Entertainment of the like kind, in the Cities of 'London or JVeJlminfter, or within 20 Miles thereof, without a Licence had for that Purpofe, from the Michaelmas Quarter-feffions, under the Hands and Seals of four or more of the Juftices there aflembled, fhall be deemed a disorderly Houfe or Place; and the Perfom or Perfons keeping the fame, fhall forfeit i oo /. and be otherwise punishable as the Law djreds, in Cafes of diforderly Houfes.

II.	And it Shall and may be lawful to and for any ConSlable, or other Perfon being thereunto authorized by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one or more Juftices of the Peace, to enter fuch Houfe or Place, and to feize every Perfon who Shall be found therein, in Order that they may be dealt with according to Law.

III.	That in Order to give public Notice what Places are iicenfed purfuant to this Ad, there Shall be affixed and kept up in fome notorious Place ovey the Door or Entrance of every fuch Houfe, Room, Garden or other Place, kept for any of the faid Purpofes, and fo Iicenfed as afore-faid, an Infcription in large Capital Letters in the Words following, viz. LICENSED PURSUANT TO ACT OF PARLIAMENT OF THE TWENTY FIFTH OF KING GEORGE THE SECOND; and that no fuch Place Shall be opened before Five o’Clock in the Afternoon; on Breach of either of the above Conditions, the Licence Shal| bp forfeited, and Shall not be renewed.

IV.	No Adion fhall be brought by virtue of this Ad, unlefs the fame Shall be commenced

Extracts from the Penal Laws;	183

ced 'within fix Months after the Offence com-mitted.

Obs. ‘The very fevere Penalty of this Law Jhould make Perfons cautious how they fuffer Weekly Hops and Mujick Meetings in their Houfes, as it is not not only productive of great Mfchief to Society, but mujl ruin the Keeper of fuch Houfe, whofe Gam on thefe Occafions is but trifling, and the Hazard great.

CHAP. XLII.

Extracts from 10 Geo. 2. c. 28. relative to	,

the adding Plays, &c. without Authority»

I.	PipHIS Ad ena6ts? That every Perfon whoperfonsa^;ng fhall for Hire, Gain or Reward, ad, Plays, &c. in reprelent or perform, or caufe to be aded, re- Places where prefented or performed, any Interlude, Tragedy, have no Comedy, Opera, Play, Farce or other Enter- withou^A^ tainment of the Stage, or any Part or Parts there- thority, &c. in, in cafe fuch Perfon fhall not have any legal Settlement in the Place where the fame fhall be aded, reprefented or performed, without Autho-to be deemed rity by virtue of Letters Patent, or Licence from Vagabonds, Lord Chamberlain, fhall be deemed to be a Rogue ?md Vagabond.

II.	That if any Perfon, having or not having a legal Settlement as aforefaid, fhall, without fuch Authority or Licence as aforefaid, ad, re-prefent or perform, or cauie to be aded, or reprefented or performed, for Hire, Gain, or Reward, any interlude, Tragedy, Comedy, Opera,

Play, Farce or other Entertainment of the Stage,

N 4	or

185

Extracts from the Penal Laws. the Walls of the feveral Houfes or Buildings, at any Diftance not exceeding 50 Feet from each other ; and to agree with Perfons to fix LampsPerfons to be thereon, which are to be kept burning from Sun-C0.n^ae^ letting till Sun-rifing throughout the Year. And^. °r ur' if any Perfon fhall break or extinguifh any fuchLamps. Lamps, or damage the Pedeftals, Polls or Furniture thereof, he fhall forfeit 40 s. for every Penalty of fuch Offence; and for Non-payment be com-^ea!cinS mitted for one Month, unlefs the Laid Forfeiture tiera’ fhall be looner paid.

II.	The Parifhioners are to meet on the 29thParifhioners of September annually, to make a Pound Ratet0 meet on on all Perfons inhabiting in the feveral Streets, 29 SeP-ann“-Lanes, &c. where the faid Lamps are or fhall ^ R^e for^e be erefted; except fuch Perfons as fhall put upLamps. Lamps at their refpeftive Houfes or Buildings

at their own Expence, and caufe them to be Perfons put-lighted from Sun-fetting to Sun-rifing, and whotmSuPLamPs fhall give Notice of fuch their Intention to theg Veftry-Clerk, in Writing, to be left at his Dwel-empted. * ling-houfe, at leaf! 21 Days before the 29th of Penalty on September yearly ; and in cafe any Perfon, after	to

giving fuch Notice, fhall negleft to put up fuch,kefp ^amPs Lamp, or to keep the fame lighted as aforefaid,1 c ’ he fhall forfeit 2 s. for each Night’s Default.

III.	The faid Committee, on Complaint to Committee,

them made, that any Part of the Pavement ofup°nCom-the faid Parifh is not kept in Repair, are toPla,nttotf!em view the Condition of liich Pavement, and	V1LW

give Notice in Writing, figned by three of thements, and faid Committee, to the Perfon who ought to make Orders repair fuch Pavement, to repair the fame in(c,oncernInS the manner in this A6L diredlcd: And in cafe* fuch Perfon fhall not, within 14 Days after fuch Notice given, well and fufficiently repair

4	the

the lame, &c.

.Extrafils from'the Penal Laws,	■	ri-$7

if fuch Perfon ilia!! not within fix Days after-who is to re-iuch Notice given, remove the fame, the Com- ^ mittec may caufe the fame to be removed, andExp^ce 1 the Expence thereof fhall be defrayed by the thereof to be Perfon guilty of fuch Negleft, who fhall ' aifo levied dn him,, forfeit 5J. for every fuch Neglefo, and aifo $s.	10

for every Day during the Continuance of fuchfnd.^s# Nuifance or Encroachment.	.	•	Diem.

VI.	No Perfon fhall breed, feed or keep any No Swine to fort or manner of Swine, within too Feet of be bred or any Part of the Houfes, Yards or Backfides of kept within a the Streets, .Lanes, PafTages or Alleys, wherecertain pjF

% T" T f*	*	(	|T	t2flC6	OX	tll&

the Honks are contiguous; nor tuber any* tOHoufeS# 0r go about the Streets, Lanes, Paffages or Alleys fuffered about aforefaid-, upon Pain of forfeiting the fame to the Streets, the Church-wardens and Overfeers of the Poor,?.11^2!” for the Ufe of the. Poor: And any of the °r.e U^C* -Church-wardens, Overfeers of the Poor, Con- -ftables or Beadles of the faid Parifh, by Warrant Search may from one Juftice, may fearch in the Day Time “ade far .for the finding of fuch Swine, and may tak'ethe afBe* and drive away the fame, and fell for the befl .Price that can be had, and the Money therebyandSalemade-produced, to be applied to the Ufe of thetilerEo’

Poor.

VII.	If any Perfon fhall, without the PrivityEditions and Conlent of the Owner, take away any Duftmari to Coal Duft or Afhes, not being a real or properberamm’tl®4*

•Agent or Servant to the Perfon contracting with the laid Committee, he fhall be committed to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month.

VIII.	If any Perfon fhall put or caft any Penalty.on }SJight Soil out of any Cart, Tub or othmvifo,Pe>fons caft. in or near any of the Streets, Squares, Limes,

Alleys or Ways in the faid Parifh, he fhall be of the'Streets,

committed&c.

i88

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

committed for any Time not exceeding one Month; and any Watchman may apprehend fuch Offender, and carry him to the Watch-Committee houfe. And the Committee aforefaid may order may order 2oj. to be paid to the Perfon who fhall detecft any Offender, on Convidtion, out of the Offender. Rates for cleanfing the Streets and repairing the Highways.

CHAP. XLIV.

Extracts from 8 Geo. z. relating to Lincoln’s Inn Fields.

Penalty on Perfon s annoying the Fields or Houfes,

to be levied by Diflrefs, and Offender to be committed till the Annoyance be removed.

Penalty on Perfons mating Encroachments.

I. HIS Law enafts, That if any Perfon 1 fhall in any-wife annoy the faid Fields, Houfes, Buildings, Walls, Ground or Soil, by any Filth, Dung, Allies or Rubbifh, the Truftees, their Servants and Agents, or the Proprietors, Owners, and Inhabitants, may apprehend and carry fuch Offenders before a Juf-tice of the Peace; and every fuch Offender fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit 20 s. over and above the Expences of fuch Profecution; to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale, and be committed till he fhall remove the faid Annoyance.

II. Perfons making or cohtinuing Encroachments in or upon the faid Fields, or any Parc theieof, forfeit 50/. over and above all Cofts, Damages, Charges and Expences happening or to be occafioned thereby, or by the removing or carrying away fuch Encroachment, to be recovered as aforefaid.

in.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	189

III. And if any Ioofe, idle or diforderly Penalty on Perfon or Perfons, (hail affimble or uft: any Sport or Sports; or if any Perfon fhall ride or Sports, riciing air any Horfe in the faid Fields or any Part Horfes, &c. thereof, or fhall remove or caufe to be removed, break through or get over all or any Part of the Fence or Inclofure; every fuch Offender, being convifted as aforefaid, fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence 40 s. to be recovered as aforefaid; and in Default of Payment to be committed to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month.

CHAP. XLV.

ExtraBs from 30 Geo. 2. c. 24. relating to Perfons pawning Goods without the Con-fent of the Owner, and for the Regulation ■ of Pawnbrokers.

I. rnHIS Aft enafts, That if any Perfon JL fhall knowingly and defignediy pawn ® ° or exchange, or unlawfully difpofe of the Goods from the or Chattels of any other Perfon, not being cm- Owner, ployed or authorifed by the Owner thereof fo to do, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit 20s. or be committed to the Houfe of Correction to hard Labour for 14 Days, unlefs the faid Forfeiture fhall be fooner paid; and if within three D/>ys before the Expiration of the faid 14 Days, the faid Forfeiture fhall not have been paid, fuch Offender, on Application from the Profe- * cutor, flrall be publickly whipped in the Houfe of Correction, or in fome open public Place of the City, Riding, &c. wherein the Offence

was

LxlraBs from the Penal Laws. come 'or have been rendered of iefs Value than Where Goods the fame were at the Time .of pawning or Pa™ne(I pledging thereof, by . or through the Default,

Negleft or wilful Mifbehaviour of the Perfon ofPawnbro-to whom the fame were fo pledged or pawned, ker. fuch Juftice may allow or award a reafonable: Satisfaction to the Owner, in RefpeCt of fuch Damage.

]Vi That if any Perfon (hall knowingly buy Taking-a or take in as a Pledge, any Linen or Apparel, Linen'or Ap~ intruft to any other Perfon to wafh, fcour, parel intruded iron, mend or make up, he fhall forfeit doublet0 °5hcr610 the Sum given for or lent on the fame and fhall wa or mea * likewife be obliged to reftore the faid Goods to the Owner.

V.	That in cafe any Perfon, who fhall of- p r

fer by way of Pawn, Pledge, Exchange or j„g Goods/* Sale, any Goods or Chattels, fhall not be able, not giving a or fhall refufe to give a fatisfadory Account of good Account him or herfelf, or of the Means by which he ma^be de-^ or fhe became poffefied thereof; or if there tamed and fhall be any other Reafon to fufpedt that fuch carried before Goods or Chattels are flolen, otherwife il- aJuflice. legally or clandeftinely obtained, the Perfon to whom fuch Goods or Chattels fhall be fo offered, may feize and detain fuch Perfon and the faid Goods and Chattels, and deliver them into the Cuftody of a Conftable, in Order to their being conveyed before a Magiftrate.

Obs. Where there is Efficient Caufe of Sufpicion for Pawnbrokers to Jlop Goods, they Jhall always, if poffible, fop the Party ; as the contrary wilt appear to the Difadvantage of the Pazvnbroker.

VI.	That in Cafe fuch Goods or Chattels, fo Perfon de-fci/.al and detained as aforefaid, fhall afterwards tai"in£ Party appear to be the Property of the Perfon who indemnified.

offered

1921	Extracts	from the Penal La*ws.	J

offered the fame to be pawned, pledged, ex- i changed or fold; or that fuch Perfon was au- i thorized by the Owner thereof to pawn, pledge, , exchange or fell the fame, the Perfon who ' fhall fo feize and detain the Party who offered > fuch Goods or Chattels, fhall be indemnified for having fo done.

Juftice upon VII. That if the Owner of any Goods or Oath of the Chattels unlawfully pawned, pledged or ex-Owner to if- changed, fhall make it appear to the Satisfaftion to^wrch^he a Ju^'ce °f the Peace, that fuch Goods or fufpeftcd Per- Chattels were unlawfully obtained or taken from fon’s Houfe. him, and that there is juft Caufe to fufpedl that any Perfon hath knowingly and unlawfully taken the fame to Pawn, or by way of Pledge, or in Exchange, without the Privity of, or Authority from, fuch Owner, fuch Juftice may iffue his Warrant to fearch in the Day-time the Houfe, Warehoufe or other Place of fuch fufpedted On Refufal of Perfon; and if fuch fufpedted Perfon fhall re-Admittance. fufe? on Requeft made, to open the fame, and

open the* permit the fame to be fearched, it fhall be Door. lawful for the Officer to break open fuch Houfe, Warehoufe or other Place, and to fearch as he fhall think fit therein, for the Goods or Chattels fufpefted to be there, doing no wilful Damage; Perfons hin- and if any Perfon fhall oppofe or hinder any tiering Search, fuch Search, every Perfon offending in the Preforfeit 51. mj(feS (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence 5/.

and if fuch Forfeiture be not paid down within 24 Hours, fuch Offender fhall be committed or to he com-to the Houfe of Corredlion, there to be kept mitted. to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month, nor lefs than five Days; unlefs in the mean Time fuch Forfeiture fhall be paid; and if upon Search of the Houfe, Warehoufe

or

Extrafts from the Penal Laws.	193

or other Place, any of the Goods or Chattels Goods found which lhall have been fo knowingly pawned,t0 be reftored’ pledged or exchanged, as aforefaid, lhall be found, and the Property of the Owner from whom the fame fhall have been lawfully obtained or taken, fhall be made out to the Satif-fadtion of fuch Juftice, he lhall caufe the fame to be forthwith reftored to the Owner thereof.

VIII.	That if any Goods or Chattels fhall Gpods pawn-be pawned or pledged for fecuring any Money ed for a Sum lent thereon, not exceeding in the whole the ”°je:^ principal Sum of 10/. and the Intereft thereof; recovered and if within two Years after the pawning or within two pledging thereof. Proof of the fame having ^ears-been made by the Oath of one or more credible WitnelTes, or by producing the Duplicate of the Entry diredled to be given by this A& as aforefaid, any fuch Pawner who was the real Owner of fuch Goods or Chattels at the Time of pawning or pledging thereof, his Executors, Adminiftrators or Afligns, lhall tender unto the Perfon who lent on the Security of fuch Goods or Chattels, his Executors, &V. the principal Money borrowed thereon, and all Intereft due for the fame, together with fuch Charges for the Warehoufe Room of fuch Goods or Chattels, as fhall be agreed on at the Time of pawning the fame ; and the Perfon who took fuch Goods or Chattels in Pawn, fhall refufe to deliver back the fame ; any Juftice may order fuch Goods or Chattels to be forthwith delivered to the Pawner thereof: And if the Perfon to whom fuch Goods or Chattels were pawned, {lull negledt or refufe to deliver up or make Satif-fadtion for the fame, fuch Juftice imy commit the Offender to the Houle of Curredlion, there

O	to

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	195

X. Provided that every Perfon to whom Entry to lie any Goods or Chattels fhall have been pawned n1*?^ of S:iles or pledged, fhall enter in a Book, to be kept p|nvnJJfor for that Purpofe, a true and jufl Account of2|. 01-up-the Sale of all Goods and Chattels pawned for wards.

2 /. or upwards, expreffing the Day when the Money for which, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon buying the fame ; and in cafe any fuch Goods or Efledts fhall be fold for more than the principal Money with Intereffc and the Charge of Warehoufe Room due thereon at the Time of fuch Sale, the Overplus fhall by every fuch Perfon be paid on Demand to the Perfon by or on vvhofe Account fuch Goods or Chattels were pawned, his or her Executors, Adminiftrators or Aliigns, who may infpect the Entry of fuch Sale, on paying the. Sum of id. and no more; and in cafe any Perfon fhall refufe to permit fuch Infpedidon, or in cafe the Goods or Effects were fold for more than the Sum entered in any fuch Book; or if any fuch Perfon fhall not make fuch Entry, or fhall not have, bona fide, fold the Goods or-Chattels for the beft Price that he or fhe might have got for the fame, without his or her wilful Default; or fhall refufe to pay fuch Overplus on Demand, every fuch Perfon fo offending final 1, for every fuch O fie ace, ioifeit treble the Value of fuch Goods and Chattels to the Perfon by whom or on whole Account luch Goods and Chattels were pawned.

XL Provided always, That no Fee or Gratuity ?«mmonfcs wliatfoever fhall be had, taken or received, ami e/.. .-.ivi:. for any Summons or Warrant granted by any 10 ‘,H Jufliec of the Peace in any ut the ah relaid ulL',tlk 1 u' Cafes.

O a.

Ons.

196

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Obs. Befides the Reftraints laid upon the Pawnbrokers by this JlEt^ the reputable Part of them agreed for the more eafy Detection of Frauds and Felonies, to obferve feveral Rules that have been recommended to them, which the Reader may find at the End of the Extracts.

CHAP. XLVI.

Extracts from 32 Geo. 2. rdative to the Dufy upon Licences to be taken out by certain Dealers in Gold and Silver Plate; and alfo a Dufy upon Liceticcs to be taken out by Pawnbrokers dealing in Gold or Silver Place, and Refiners of Gold or Silver.

What Quan- I.	I	S	Aft	enafts,	That no Perfon fhall

tity of Gold j|^ either publicly or privately, byhimfelf

WareJfhall or ot^ers5 trac*e ^n> ven<^ or anY Piece of fubjeft the ' Plate or Goods or any Ware in which the Traders in or Quantity of Gold fhall be of the Weight of Venders two Ounces or upwards, or in which the Qiian-tak^out'aLi-	Silver fhall be of the Weight of 30

cencc. ' Ounces or upwards, unlefs he fliall have firft paid a Duty of 5/. for a Licence, which fhall have been taken out in the Manner required by The Manner 31 Geo. 2. c. 32. viz. If fuch Licences be taken of taking out ollf \n London, Weftminfter or any other Parts a Licence. within the Limits or Jurifdi'clion of the Chief Office of Excife. in London, then fuch Licences fhall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of his Majefly s Comwifjioners for the

£>	Duty

198

on Penalty of forfeiting 20I.

Pcrfons in Partnership carrying on Trace in one Houfe only. &c. not liable to take out more than one Licence.

Licence to ferve but one Shop or Houfe.

Booths and Stalls at Fairs or Markets

executed.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

pradtife the Trade or Bufinefs of a Refiner of Gold or Silver, and fuch Pawnbroker or Perlon refpedtively, fhall not have firft taken out a Licence, for which the Laid Duty of 5/. fhall have been paid, or fhall not have renewed the fame Licence, and made Lch Payment yearly as aforefaid, he fhall forfeit 20/. for every fuch Offence.

III. Perfons in Partnerfhip, and carrying on their Trade or Bufinefs in one or Tenement only, fhall not b out more than one Licence in any for the carrying on fuch Trade or Bufinefs : And that no Licence which (hall be granted by virtue of this Act, fhall authorize or empower any Perfon to whom the fame may be granted, and who fhall fell or vend fuch Gold or Silver Plate in any other Shop or Place, except in fuch Houfis or Places thereunto belonging, wherein they fhall inhabit and dwell at the Time of granting fuch Licence, or in Booths or Stalls at Pairs or Markets.

Houfe, Shop obliged to take one Year

CHAP. XLVII.

'Extracts from 9 and 10 W. 3. c. 28. f. 2. and 27 Geo. 2. c 7. relating to Watchmakers and their 'Journeymen.

J. TQ. Y the above Statute of IF. 3. it is enadhd, j[j) That no Perfon or Perfons whatfoevor, fhall export or fend, or endeavour to export or find, out of this Kingdom of Euylai.d, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Bended ut>on

I'wt ed7

Extraffis from the Penal Laws.

[99

'Tween, any outward or inward Box, Cafe or No Cafe or Dial-Plate of Gold,_ Silver, Brafs or other, Metal for Clock or Watch, without the Move-£r\y/ltch°c’ ment in or with every fuch Box, Cafe'or Dial-fha!! be ex-Plate, made up fit for Ulc, with the Clock orPorted whh-Watchmaker’s Name engraved thereon; or"’1.

out the Movement, &c.

fhall make up, or caufe to be made up, any Clock or Watch without engraving or putting, Maker’s or caufing to be engraven or put, his or her i^ameand own Name and Place of Abode or Freedom, °*pr'ce and no other Name or Place, on every Clock jom t0 be or Watch, he or fhe fhall fo make up, or caufe engraved on to be made up, under the Penaky of forfeiting Cjocks antl every fuch empty Box, Cafe and Dial-Plate,

Clock and Watch not made up and engraved Penalty, as 2forefaid ; and alfo for each Offence the Sum of 20L to be recovered by Bill, Plaint * or Information, in any of his Majefty’s Courts of Record.

Obs. The Manner of recovering the above Penalty will aha ays prevent the Execution of this Law, fo fieceffary to preferve the Credit cf that Trade both at Home and Abroad; but it is apprehended, if the Offence was to be heard in a fumnary Way before one or mere Juficcs of the Pea.ce, and the Penalty to be ra.ifed by Warrant cf Dijlrefs, it would recover the Utility of the Adi \ but the great Expcnces c.f Suits in the Courts of Jujlicc at prefent reduces all Penal Laws, however ufeful in thcmfelvcs, to a mere dead Letter.	Penalty on

II. And by the Statute cf 27 C,co. 2. it is lhaaud'fcoin-' cnafted, That if any Perfon or Per Ions whatfo-mined byPer-cver, who fhall be hired or employed by any Per- lour employed fon or Perlon- pratdiling the Trade or Ti.tdcs ofp1,!'11

PI ,	1	•	1	1	1	•	1, taauie of

Clock-making or Watch-making, or any Part t lock:, and

O 4	or	Watches.

TLxfraBs from the Pe?ial Laws.	201

ceive, accept or take by way of Gift, Pawn, Penalty of Pledge, Sale or Exchange, or in any other man- b“yinS> rece‘-ner whatfoever, of or from any Perfon or Per- q™J$ fons whatfoever, any Clock or Watch, or any or Materials Part or Parts of a Clock or Watch, or any Gold, knowing the Silver or other Metal or Material as aforefaid, whether the fame or any Part thereof be or bepar°mc ' not wrought or manufaftured, or any Diamond or other precious Stone, which fhall have been intruded with any Perfons hired or employed as aforefaid, by any Perfon or Perfons pradtifing the faid Trade or Trades, he, Are or they fo buying, receiving, accepting or taking any Such Goods, Materials or Effefts, knowing the fame to be fo purloined or imbezilled, being thereof convicted as aforefaid, fhall, for the firft Offence, forfeit 20 I. or be committed to hard Labour Firft offence, for the Space of 14. Days, unlefsthe faid Forfeiture fhall be Loner paid; and if not paid within two Days of the Expiration of the faid 14 Days, fhall be publicly whipt •, and for a Second or other fubfequent Offence, fhall forfeic 40 I. or be com- Subfequent mitted in like manner for a Time not exceeding Offence, three Months, and not lefs than one Month •, and if the Penalty fhall not be paid within Seven Days of the Expiration of the Term, he fhall be pub-lickly whipt as aforefaid, twice or oftner.

Ons. If the above Claufes had extended to the _•purloining, &c. and reccivinif, &c. of Clocks and IVaides minified to Watchmakers or their Journeymen to repair, clean, &c. by any Perfons whatever, it would have made this Act of more public Utility.

C II A P.

02

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

CHAP;	XL VIII.

Extracts relating to the Quartering of Soldiers, &c.

Confiables, I. V T fhall and may be lawful to and for the &c. to quarter j[ Conftables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs> Officers and ar)(]	Chief Officers, and Magiftrates o

Ale-houfesT' Cities, Towns and Villages, and other Places &c<	’	within	England, Wales and the Town of Ber-

wick upon Tweed, and in their Default or Ab-fence, for any one Juftice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any fuch City, Town, Village or Place, and for no others; and fuch Conftables and other Civil Magiftrate as aforefaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in his Majefty’s Service, in Inns, Livery Stables, Ale-houfes, Vidhialling-houfes, and the Ploufes of Sellers of Wine by Retail to be drank in their own Ploufes or Places thereunto belonging, and all Houfes of Perfons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder or Metheglin, by Eut in no Di- Lctail, to be drank in Houfes, other than and flilicrsllouics, except the Ploufe or Houfes of any Diftillers, or shopkeep- who keep Houfes or Places of diftilling Brandy ers, orin any anc] Strong Waters, and the Ploufe of any Shop-pivatc ou j,eCper^ vvj10pe principal Dealings fhall be more in other Goods and Merchandizes, than in Brandy and Strong Waters (fo as fuch Diftillers and Shopkeepers do not permit or fufter Tippling in his or their Houfes) and in no other, and in no private Houfes whatlocver; nor fhall any more ftilleis at any 'Pime be ordered, than thete are efkdlive Soldiers prefent to be quartered ; and if any Conflable, Tythingman or fuch

like

204

Extra Hs from the Penal Laws.

more Juftice or Juftices of 'the Peace of the Divifion, City or Liberty:, where fuch Soldiers ; are quartered ; or in cafe fuch Chief Officer or Magiftrate fhall be a Juftice of the Peace, then on Complaint made to two or more Juftices of the Peace of fuch Divifion, City or Liberty, fuch Juftices. refpedtively fhall have, and have hereby Power, to relieve fuch Perfon, by ordering fuch andidb:many of the Soldiers to be removed, and quartered upon fuch other Perfon or Perfons, as!they fhall fee Caufe ; and fuch other Perfon or Perions fhall be obliged to receive fuch Soldiers accordingly.

Obs. Peace Officers, ffiould be particularly care- j fill to i billet Soldiers equally on the Hotifes in their j Divifion, and ?iot let Refen tine nt or Favour influence them- in this Part of their Duly, for this would be a fcandalous- Breach ofPrufi ; and in London they jhould take fome Pains to accommodate the Publicans, by billeting fitch Men as want Money Quarters, on Houfes where Room is fcarce, and thofe who chufe to lye at their Quarters, on Houfes where they can conveniently receive them, taking Care to-place young Recruits in the .modi reputable Houfes; and as the ■Soldiers are conftantly endeavouring to impofe, as well on the Conflable, •as the Publican, Care jhould be taken not to give out more Edicts than there arc Men that appear,. and anfwcr to their Names, and if .poffible. the Confiablc jhould fijew cveiy Publican the Man that anfwcrcd to the Name contained in the Billet, for they too frequently get Money from different Publicans, by appearing in-different Places, and jrocucing Billets in different Names and Publicans JLouid be cautious of refufing Soldiers Quarters on account of their Mijhchavtour, for in this Cafe they fubjtid themfelves to the Penalty of 5 1.

whereas

20 6

Penalty on Officers taking Money, to excufe the quartering.

Dragoons,

&c. and their Idorfes, to be billeted in the fame 1 Joule.

Extracts from the Penal Laws. the Pay and Subfiftence of fuch Non-commiffion Officers and Soldiers, fhall pay the feveral Slims herein after-mentioned, to be payable out of the Subfiftence Money for Diet and Small Beer, to the Non-commiffion Officers and Soldiers afore-faid, and not to the Innholder or other Perfon on whom fuch Non-commiffion Officers and Soldiers are quartered ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the Authority aforefaid, that if any Officer fhall take, or caufe to be taken, or knowingly fuffter to be taken, any Money of any Perfon for excusing the quartering off Officers or Soldiers, or any of them, in any Houfe allowed by this Aft, every fuch Offender fhall be cafhiered, and be incapable of ferving in any Military Employment whatfoever.

V.	And whereas great Inconveniences have arifen, and may arife, in fuch Places where Horfe or Dragoons are or may be quartered, by the billeting of the Men and their Horfes at different Ploufes, and often at great Diftances from one another, contrary to the true Intent and meaning of this Aft ■, be it therefore enabled by the Authority aforefaid. That in all Places where Plorfe or Dragoons fhall be quartered or billeted, in Purfuance of this Aft, for the future the Men and their Plorfes fhall be billeted in one and the fame Ploufes fexcept in Cafe of Neceflity) and that in no other Ca(e whatfoever there be lefts than one Man billeted where there

fhall be one or two Plorfes, nor lefts than two Men where there fhall be lour Horfes, and fo in Proportion for a greater Number; and in

fuch

Extracts from the Eenal Laws.	207

fuch Cafe each Man Hull be billeted as near his Horfe as poffible.

VI.	And whereas fome Doubts have arifen, Manner of whether Commanding Officers of any Regi- changing Men ment, Troop or Company, may exchange any and ll0:fes‘ Men or Horfes quartered in any Town or Place,

with another Man or Horfe quartered in the fame Place, for the Benefit of the Service-, be it declared and enacted by the Authority afore-faid,'That fuch Exchange as above-mentioned may be made by fuch Commanding Officers refpe&ively, provided the Number of Men or Horfes do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on fuch fioufe or Houfes; and the Conftables, Tythingmen, Headbcroughs and other chief Officers and Magiftrates of the Cities, Towns and Villages, or other Places where any Regiment, Troop or Company fhall be quartered, are hereby required to billet fuch Men and Horfes fo exchanged accordingly.

VII.	And that the,Quarters both of Officers and Soldiers in Great Britain and in Jerfev,

Gncrnjiy, Alderney and Sark, and the Hands thereto belonging, may hereafter be duly paid and fatisfied, and his Majefty’s Duties of Excife better antwered, be it enabled by the Authority aforefaid. That Irorn and after die laid 24th Oflk-en to Day of March 1759, every Officer to whom it give Notice to belongs to receive, or that dots actually receive,

the Pay or Subfillence Money, cither lor a whole ^'oneyln1" Regiment or particular Troops and Companies, their Ilaudc. or othmvife, final I immediately, upon each Receipt of every particular Sum which !hall, from I ime to I. mu.-, be paid, returned or come to his or their Hands, on .Account of Pay or Suhfift-ence, give public Notice thereof to all Perfons

keeping

PxtraBs from the Penal Laws.	iag

aforefaid, (hall not give Notice, as aforefaid, paying Sub-and (hall not immediately, upon producing fuch ^en£e Account dated, fatisfy, content and pay theMoney* fame, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof, by any two Witneffes, at the next Quarter-Seffi-ons for the County or City where fuch Quarters were, (which Oath the Judices of the Peace at fuch Seffions are hereby authorized and required to adminider) the Paymader or Paymaders of his Majedy’s Guards and Garrifons, and Marines, are hereby required and authorized, (upon Certificate of the faid Judices before whom fuch Oath was made, of the Sum due upon fuch Accounts, and the Perfons to whom the fame is Owing) to pay and fatisfy the faid Sums out of the Arrears due to the faid Officer or Officers, upon Penalty that fuch Paymader or Paymaders fliall forfeit their refpeftive Place or Places of Paymader or Paymaders, and be difcharged from holding the fame for the future : And in Cafe there fhall be no Arrears due to the faid Officer or Officers, then the faid Paymader of Paymaders are hereby authorized and required to deduft the Sums he or they fhall pay, purfu-ant toti'e Certificate of the faid Judices, out of the next Pay or Subfidence Money of the Regiment to which fuch Officer or Officers (hall belong-, and fuch Officer or Officers (hall, for every fuch Offence, or for neglecting to give Notice of the Receipt of fuch Pay or Subfidence Money as aforefaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipfo fatto cafliiered, And Where it fliall happen that the Subfiltence Money due to any Officer or Soldier fhall, by Occafion of any Accident, not be paid to fuch Officer or Soldier, or fuch Officer or Soldier fliall n eg I eft

P .	to

2io	ExtraSfs from the Penal Lam.

to pay the fame, fo that Quarters cannot be or are not paid, as this Adi diredls; and where any Horfe, Foot or Dragoons, fhall be upon their March, fo that no Subfiftence can tnen be remitted to them, to make Payment as this Adi diredls, or they fhall negledl to pay the fame; On Non-pay- in every fuch Cafe it is hereby further enadled, mentofQuar-That every fuch Officer fhall, before his or ters, the ofK- tjjejr Departure out of his or their Quarters,

cer to make »	/- » tj •	rr~*	^

up Accounts, uhere fuch Regiment, Troop or Company, See.	fhall remain for any Time whatfoever, make up

the Accounts as this Adi diredls, with every Perfon with whom fuch Regiment, Troop or Company fhall have quartered, and fign a Certificate thereof, and give the faid Certificate, fo by him figned, to the Party to whom fuch Money is due, with the Name of fuch Regiment* Troop or Company, to which he or they fhall belong; to the End the faid Certificate may be forthwith tranfmitted to the Paymafter of his Majefty’s Guards and Garrifons, or to the Paymafter of the Marines, who are hereby required immediately to make Payment thereof to the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Money fhall be due, to the End the fame may be applied to fuch Regiment, Troop or Company refpedlive-ly; under Pain as is before in this Adi diredted for Non-payment of Quarters.

NoMuficrin ^III. And be it further enadled, that no I'Vcjimhjhr, Commifiary fhall mufter any Regiment, Troop &c. but in or Company, within the City of IVeJtmwJier the l'rcici.cc and Borough of Southwark, and Liberties there-twl| °n-. of, but in the Prefence of two or more Juft ices !l"L ' of the Peace, not being Officers of the Army, under the before-mentioned Penalty ; unlefs fuch Jufticcs, upon 48 Hours Notice given to fix of 4	his

212

Conilab’ep, See. to cklivc Lids nt Qiiai tcr-Seflions, on Oath, of Inhabitants, and Solciicu; cjunrtcrcd in their refpec-tive Diviftont

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Houfes only as by this Aft: is limited within his refpeftive Pariffi, Hamlet or Diftrift; and iuch Petty Conftables, Headboroughs and Ty-thingmen, fhall, in Purfuance thereof, billet and quarter every fuch Officer and Soldier in fuch Houfes fo fubjefted thereto by this Aft, equally and proportionably, according to the Number of fuch Officers and Soldiers fo to be billeted and quartered, and of the Houfes fo fubjefted to receive them; and fuch Officers and Soldiers of the Foot Guards, fhall be quartered within the faid City and Liberties of Wefhninfier, and the Places adjacent, in the fame Manner, and under the fame Regulations, as in other Parts of England, in all Cafes for which particular Provifion is not made by this Aft.

Obs Pawnbrokers and other Per fans JbouJd be ■particularly careful not to buy or receive the Linen cr Regimentals of any Soldier, as this is one great Caufe of Deferticn, and has been -particularly injurious to the Guards, and to prevent this Evil it would be right always to have their Linen and Shoes particularly marked.

X.	And for the better preventing Abufes in , billeting and quartering fuch Officers and Soldiers in the faid City and Liberties of Weftmin-fer, and Parts adjacent, be it cnafted by the Authority aforefaid. That the Petty Conflables, Headboroughs and Tythingmen of their re-Iptftive Paddies, Wards, Hamlets and Dillrifts within tlit: lame, fhall, at every General Quarter-’ hellions of the Peace, to be holden for the faid City and Liberties of IVcJhninJler and Parts adjacent, make and deliver to the Jufiices then in open Seliions allembled, upon Oath (which Oath they the laid Jullices arc hereby authorized and

required

213

Extracts from the Penal Law;.

required to adminifter) true Lifts figned by them refpedtively of all fuch Houfes, together with the Number of all fuch Perfons refpedtively inhabiting the fame, within his or their Parifh,

Ward, Hamlet or Diftridt refpedtively, as are fubjedt and liable by this Adt to receive fuch Officers and Soldiers, together with the Number of all fuch Officers and Soldiers as are quartered and billeted in each Houfe refpedtively; and fuch Lifts fhall remain with the Clerk of the Peace of the faid City and Liberties of Weftmin-Jler, to the Intent that all and every Perfon and Perfons fhall and may be at Liberty to infpedt t0 be infpea_ the fame without Fee or Reward; and fuch ed without Clerk fhall forthwith, from Time to Time, Fee. make and deliver to every or any Perfon or Perfons who fhall require the fame, true Copies of n . „rr ,

■ I j	r	,	t	-n	*	*	»	,	Copies offuch

all and every or any fuch Lilts, upon being paid Lifts to be 2if. a Sheet for each and every fuch Copies fo wrote by the taken, each Sheet to be computed af, and con- CIerI:> at zd-tain 150 Words; and if Default or Negledtcontaining fhall be made by any petty Conftable, Head-15o Words, borough or Tythingman of any fuch Parifh,

Ward, Hamlet or Diftridt, in the delivering fuch Lift to the Juftices at their Quarter-Seffi- j^n,alty nn ons, as aforefaid; or if he or they fhall f > deli- C aU C‘ ver or caufe to be delivered in, any falfe or defective Lift, not including and fpecifying therein all and every fuch Houfe and Houfes io liableon by this Adt to receive fuch Officers and Soldiers, (.ivimCld'cc-or the Names of all fuch Officers and Soldiersrive Pills, as are quartered and billeted in each Houfe refpedtively-, fuch Petty Conftable, Plead borough and Tythingman, or any of them fo offending therein, fhall, for each fuch Offence, forfeit each the Sum of 5/. to the Ufe of the Poor of P 5	fuch

215

Extracts from the Penal Laws:

any Soldier or Deferter, any other Perfon, upon any Account or Pretence whatfoever, or caufe the Colour of fuch Cloaths to be changed j the Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of 5 /. and upon Convidtion by the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, before any of his Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, the faid refpediive Penalties of 5/. and 5/. fhall be levied by Warrant under the Hands of the faid Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender-, one Moiety of the faid firft-mentioned Penalty of 5/. to be paid to the Informer, by vvhofe Means fuch Deferter fhall be apprehended; and one Moiety of the faid laft-mentioned Penalty of 5/. to be paid to the Informer; and the Refidue of the faid ref-pedtive Penalties to be paid to the Officer to whom any fuch Deferter or Soldier did belong : And in Cafe any fuch Offender, who fliall be convidted, as aforefaid, of. harbouring or afiift-ing any fuch Deferter or Deferters; or having knowingly received any Arms, Cloaths, Caps or other Furniture, belonging to the King-, or having caufed the Colour of fuch Cloaths to be changed contrary to the Intent of thisAdt, fliall not have fufficient Goods and Chattels, whereon Diftrefs may be made, to the Value of the Penalties recovered againft him for fuch Offence, or fliall not pay fuch Penalties within four Days after fuch Convidtion •, then, and in fuch Cafe, fuch Juftice of the Peace fliall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, either commit fuch Offender to the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprizc for the Space of three Months, or caufe fuch Offender

P 4	to

216	Extracts	from	the	Penal	Laics.

to be publicly whipt, at the Difcretion of fuch Juftice.

Penalty on XII. Provided always. That no Commif-Officer break-f10n Officer ffiall break open any Houfe to HouflTwith- ^earc^ ^or Deferters, without Warrant from a out Warrant. Juftice of the Peace •, and that every Commifr fton Officer, who ffiall, without Warrant from one or more of his Majefly’s Juftices of the Peace (which faid Warrants the faid Juftice or Juftices are hereby impovvered to grant) forcibly enter into, or break open the Dwelling-houfe or Out-houfes of any Perfon whatfoever, under Pretence of fearching for Deferters, ffiall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum of 20/.

Penalty on XIII. And be it farther .enadted, by the Au-taking Mo- thority aforefaid, That if any High Con (table, ney to excufe Conftable, Beadle, or other Officer or Perfoa any Perfon whatfoever, who, by Virtue or Colour of this _rom quarter- fhan qUajrter or bjjjet-} or be employed in

quartering or billeting any Officers or Soldiers, ffiall negledt or refute, for the Space of two Hours, to quarter or billet fuch Officers or Soldiers, when thereunto required, in fuch Manner as is by this Adt diredted, provided fufficient Notice be given before the x\rrival of fuch Troops ; or fhall receive, demand, con-trad! or agree for any Sum or Sums of Money, ^ or any Reward whatfoever, for or on Account pf excufing, or in Order to txcufc any Perfon or Perfuns whatfoever, from quartering or receiving into his, her or their Houle or Houfes, nr VidUiallets any fuch Officer or Soldier; or in cafe any refufing to Vidtualler or any other Perfon liable by this quarter Sol- yyft £0 have any Officer or Soldier billeted or 1 ,L J‘	quartered	on	him	or her, ffiall rci'ufe to receive

oy

217

Extracts from the Penal Laws. pr vidual any fuch Officer or Soldier fo quartered or billeted upon him or her as aforefaid; or ffiall refufe to furnifh or allow, according to the Diredions of this Ad, the feveral Things herein before refpedively direded to be fur-niffied or allowed to Noncommiffion Officers and Soldiers fo quartered or billeted on him or her as aforefaid, or ffiall neglect or refufe to furnifh good and fufficient Hay and Straw for each Horfe fo quartered or billeted on him or her as aforefaid, at the Rate herein before-mentioned, and ffiall be thereof convided before any one or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty, within which fuch Offence ffiall be committed, either by his own Confeffion, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes (which Oath the faid Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby im-powered to adminifter every fuch High Conftable, Conftable, Beadle or other Officer or Per-fon fo offending, ffiall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of 51, or any Sum of Money not exceeding 5/. nor lefs than 40s. (as the faid Juftice or Juftices, before whom the Matter ffiall be heard, ffiall in his or their Difcretion think fit) to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods of tfte Pcrfon offending, by Warrant, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of fuch Juftice or Juftices, before whom fuch Offender ffiall be convided, or of one or more of them, to be direded to any other Conftable within the County, City or Liberty, or to any of the Overfecrs of the Poor of the Pariffi where the Offender ffiall dwell; the faid Sum of 5/. or the faid Sum not exceeding 5 /. nor lefs than 40 s. when levied, to be paid to the Overfeers

of

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

in his Majefty’s Land Service, he and they (hall, within four Days, but not fooner than 24 Hours, after fuch Inlifting refpe&iveiy, be carried before the next Juftice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief Magiftrate of any City or Town Corporate, (not being an Officer in the Army) and before fuch Juftice or' Chief Magiftrate, he or they ffiall be at Liberty to declare his or their Diflent to fuch Inlifting; and upon fuch Declaration, and returning the Inlifting Money, and alfo each Perfon fo diflenting paying the Sum of 20 s. for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, fuch Perfon or Perfons fo inlifted ffiall be forthwith difcharged and fet at Liberty, in the Prefence of fuch Juftice or Chief Magiftrate ; but if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall refufe or negledt, within the Space of 24 Hours, to return and pay fuch Money, as aforefaid, he or they ffiall be deemed and taken to be inlifted, as if he or they had given his or their Aflent thereto before the faid Juftice or Chief Magiftrate; or if fuch Perfon or Perfons ffiall declare his or their having voluntarily inlifted himfelf or themfelves, then fuch Juftice or Chief Magiftrate ffiall, and he is thereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand, that fuch Perfon or Perfons is or are duly in-lifted ; fetting forth the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling of him or them refpeftively (if known) and that the fecond and fixth Sections of the Articles of War againft Mutiny and Defertion were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the Oath mentioned in the faid Articles of War; and if any fuch Perfon or Perfons, fo fo be certified as duly

220

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

Infilled, {hall refufe to take the faid Oath of Fidelity before the faid Juflice or Chief Magi-lfrate, it {hall and may be lawful for fuch Officer, from whom he has received fuch Money as aforefaid, to detain or confine fuch Perfon or Perfons, until he or they fhall take the Oath before required; and every Military Officer, that {hall adt contrary hereto, or offend herein, ihall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture, as is by this Adi to- be inflidted upon any Officer for making a falfe and untrue Mufter; and the Penalty and Forfeiture {hall be levied and recovered in the fame Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Adt to be levied and recovered.

.	XVI.	And be it further enadted, by the

fufing the faid Authority aforefaid, That if any Perfon or Relief to be Perfons fhall receive the Inlifting Money from proceeded a- any Officer (knowing it to be fuch) and fhall abfcond or refufe to go before fuch Juftice or uylB1 e Chief Magiftrate, in order to declare his Af-fent or Diflent, as aforefaid ; fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be deemed and taken to be in-lifted, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever; and ffiall and may be proceeded againft, as if he or they had taken the Oath diredted by the faid Articles of War to be taken before fuch Juftice or Chief Magiftrate,

C II A P.

221

ExraBs from the Penal Laws.

CHAP. XLIX.

Extracts from 28 Geo. 2. c. 12.	9 Anne,

c. 29.	1	James,	c. 27. and 11 H. 7. c.

] 7. relative to the felling of Game, and the defroying of Swans Eggs.

Y the firft Statute it is enadted, That if Perfonsfelling

__ any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, whe- Game<

ther qualified or not qualified to kill Game, fhall fell, expofe or offer to Sale, any H2re, Phea-fant, Partridge, Moor, Heath-Game' or Groufe, every fuch Perfon fhall forfeit the Sum of 5 I.

II. And it is likewife enadted, That if any HavingGame Hare, Pheafant, Pratridge, Moor, Heath-Game in their Poffef-or Groufe, fhall be found in the Shop or PofTef- on-fion of any Poulterer, Salefman, Fifhmonger,

Cook or Paftry Cook, the fame fhall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be an expofing thereof to Sale, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Adt.

III. By 9 Anne, c. 25. §. 2. If any Hare, Pheafant, Partridge, Moor, Heath-Game or Groufe, lhall be found in the Shop, Houfe or Poffeffion of any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, not qualified in his own Right to kill Game, or being intitled thereto under fome Perfon fo qualified, the fame lhall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be an expofing thereof to Sale.

Lhe general Qualifications by Efate or Degree to kill Game.

By 22 and 23 Car. 2. c. 25. §. 3. it is enacled. That every Perfon not having Lands and Tenements,

222

LxtrnBs from the Penal Laws:

ments, or fome other Eftate of Inheritance, in his own or his Wife’s Right, of the clear yearly Value of loo I. per Annum, or for Term of Life, or having Leafe or Leafes of 99 Years, or for any longer Term, of the clear yearly Value of 150 I. (other than the Son and Heir-Apparent of an Efquire, or other Perfon of higher Degree, and the Owners and Keepers of Forefts, Parks, Chafes, or Warren, being flocked with Deer on Conies for their neceffary Ufe, in refpeft of the faid Forefts, Parks, Chafes, or Warrens,) is hereby declared to be a Perfon, by the Laws of this Realm, not allowed to have or keep for himfelf, or any other Perfon, any Guns, Bows, Greyhounds, fetting Dogs, Ferrets, Coney Dogs, Lurchers,Hays, Nets, Lowbels, Harepipes, Gins, Snares, or other Engines, for the talcing and killing of Game.

Taking or de- IV. By i James, c. 27. it is enafted, That flroywg every Perfon who fhall take the Eggs of any Swans ggs. gwans out Qf t]-,e	or wilfully fpoil them

in the Neft, fhall, on Conviction, be committed to Gaol three Months, unlels he pay 20 s. for every Egg •, or after one Month of his Commitment become bound by Recognizance with ttoo Sureties in 201, a-piece never to offend again in like Manner.

V.	And by n H. 7. c. 17. it is enaCted, That no Perfon fhall take, or caufe to be taken, on his own Ground, or any other Man’s, the Eggs of any Swan ; on Pain (on Conviction before the Jufticcs of the Peace) of fmprifonment for a Year and a Day, and Fine at the King’s Will; half to the King and half to the Owner of the Swans.

CHAP.

Extracts from the Penal Laws,

223

CHAP. L.

ExiraB from 4 Geo. 2. c. 14. relating to the making of Hair Powder, and felling and ufmg the fame.

Y this Statute it is ena&ed, That if any. Penalty of K ^ Maker of Hair Powder, or any Perfumer, mixing with Peruke-maker. Barber, or any Seller or Sellers HmrAli°}w<ler of or Dealers in Hair Powder, fhall mix or&<^ a er* caufe to be mixed any Powder of Alabafter,

Piaifter of Paris, Talk, Chalk, Whiting, Lime or any other Material or Materials of any other Kind or Nature whatfoever, (Rice firft made into Starch, and Sweet Scents only excepted) with any Starch, or with any Powder of Starch, to be made Ufe of, for making of Hair Powder, and fhall make or caufe to be made, any Hair Powder, with any of the Materials before-mentioned, or with any other Material or Materials of any other Kind or Nature whatfoever, other than Starch, or Powder of Starch, or of Rice firft made into Starch, and fhall ufe, fell, or offer to fell, any Hair Powder* fo mixed or made, he, fhe or they fhall forfeit all the Hair Powder fo mixed or made, and likewife the Sum of 201.

C I I A P.

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws,	225

t& the faid Qut-Penfion, he fhall lofe and forfeit his faid Office or Employment; and over and abotfe forfeit the Sum of tool, and likewife be deemed incapable of ferving his Majefty, hig Heirs and Succeffors, in any Office or Employ-menc* Civil or Military, whatfoever.

CHAP. LII.

' Extracts from 5 Eliz. c. 21. 22 &; 23 Ch. 2. c. 2.5.	9	Geo. 1. c. 22. for funijlnng the

unlawful taking of Fijh.

I.^T^ H E firfl Adfc enadts, That if any Perfofi Breaking tM J. fhall unlawfully break, cut or deftroy, Dams °f Fill* any Head or Dam of a Fifh Pond, or fhall fi{yngther&* wrongfully fifh therein, with Intent to take or in. kill Fifh ; he fhall, on Convidtion at the Suit of the King, or of the Party, at the Affixes or Seffions, be imprifoned three Months, and pay treble Damages; and after the three Months are expired /hill find Sureties for his good Abearing for fevcn Years, or remain in Prifon till he doth.

II.	The 22 6? 23 Ch. 2. enafts. That if any NoPerfon Perfon fhall life any Net, Angle, Hair, Noofe,

Troll or Spear; or fhall lay any Wears, Pots, ^ney P°"fo ° Fifh Hooks or other Engines; or fliall take without his any Fifh, by any Means or Device vvhatfoever, Content, with or be aiding thereunto, in any River, Stew, Nct? °K otlwJir. Pond, Mote or other Water, without the Con- 'n£incs-font of the Lord or Owner of the Water ; and . be thereof conviftcd by Confeflion or Oath of one Witnefs, before one Juflice in one Month

after

226

Penalty.

Juftice of Peace may cut the Nets, &c.

Stealing Fifh, and breaking down the Heads of Ponds.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

after the Offence *, every fuch Offender in taking or killing Fifh; fhall pay any Sum not exceeding treble Damages, to the Overfeers for the Ufe of the Poor, by Diftrefs; for want of Diftrefs, to be committed to the Houfe of Corredfion .not exceeding one Month *, unlefs he enter into Bond with one Surety to the Party injured, not exceeding lol. never to offend in like manner.

III.	And fuch Juftice may take, cut and deftroy, all fuch Angles, Spears, Hair, Noofes, Trolls, Wears, Pots, Fifh Hooks, Nets or other Engines, wherewith fuch Perfon fhall be apprehended.

IV.	The 9 Geo i. c. 22. commonly called

the Black	enadts,	That	if	any	Perfon

being armed and difguifed, fhall unlawfully Heal or take away any Fifh, out of any River or Pond ; or (whether being armed or difguifed or not) fhall unlawfully and malicioufly break down the Head or Mound of any Fifh Pond, whereby the Fifh fhall be loft or deftroyed; or fhall refcue any Perfon in Cuftody for fuch Offence; or procure any other to join with him therein, he fhall be guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

C H A P.

ExtraSls from the Penal Laws„

227

CHAP. LIU.

Extracts jrom 10 Geo. 2. relating to Watermen plying on the River Thames.

I. Y this Statute it is enabled. That no Apprentices:

Waterman (although free of the Company) fhall take an Apprentice under 14 Years of Age, nor above 20; and that Apprentices be taken for feven Years ac the leaft, and be bound by Indentures, and inrolled in the Book of the Company; on Penalty of the Mafter’s forfeiting 10/. and the Apprentices bound contrary to the true Intent of that A<5t, forfeit the Freedom, Privileges and Advantages, otherwife obtained by Apprenticefhips. Neverthelefs, a Freeman may have two Apprentices at one Time, provided the firft has ferved four Years, when the other is taken; on Penalty of 10/.

And Proprietors of 12 Lighters may take two Apprentices at one Time ; as may Proprietors of 40 Lighters take four, and no more, provided fuch Proprietors make Oath of owning fuch Number of Lighters, Barges, or flat bottomed Boats.

II.	And for preventing the loflng the Lives Number of of Perfons pafiing on the River, it is enafled, Paflbngers. That no Tilt-Boat, Row-barge, or Wherry, take at one Time more than Thirty-feven Paf-fcngers, and three more by the way; nor in any other Boat or Wherry more than, eight, and two more by the way ; nor in any Ferry-boat or Wherry, allowed to work on Sundays, any more than eight Paflcngers on pain of forfeiting for

dz

the

223

Ext rads from the Penal Laws,

the firft Offence 5/. for the fecond Offence 10/. and for the third Offence to be disfranchifed for 12 Months from working on the River, and from enjoying the Privileges of the Company : And in cafe any Perfon fhall be drowned, where a greater Number of Paffengers is taken in than is allowed, the Watermen fhall be deemed guilty of Felony, and tranfported as Felons.

Tonnage of III. That every Tilt-boat fhall be of the Bur-Boats. then of 15 Tons, and any other Boat or Wherry three Tons ; and that no Gravefeni Boats or Wherries with clofe Decks or Bails nailed down, and not moveable, be navigated, Tilt-boats only excepted, on the Penalty of 10/.

Watermen IV. Any Watermen or Wherry men who wil-wilfully lofing fully or negligently lofe their Time from Billingf-<-heir Vfr r Sate t0 Grave/end, or from thence to Billingfgate^ gate or inS*' putting afhore for other Paffengers, or by Gravefend. waiting or loitering by the Way, fo that the firft Paffengers fhall be fet on Shore two Miles fhort of the Place to which they are bound, fuch Paffengers fhall be difcharged from paying any Thing for their Paffage.

A Bell to be rung when Boats are to put olF.

V. The Rulers of the Watermens Company are to appoint two or more Officers to attend, one at Billingfgate, at every Time of High Water at London Bridge, and the other at Gravefend, at the firft of Flood ; who fhall publickly ring a Bell for 15 Minutes, to give Notice to the Tilt Boats and Wherries to put off. And if fuch Wherrymcn, &c. do not immediately put off on ringing the faitl Bell, and do not effe&ual-ly proceed on their Voyage, but put on Shore within two Miles of Billingfgate or Gravefend, as the Cafe may be; or if fuch Boats arc not

navigated

236

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

From the Temple, Dorfet-flairs,^s. d. Black-fryers-flairs t or Paul' s-wharf, Co 8 to Lambeth,	• ■■	j

Over the Water dire&ly, fromp any Place between Vauxhall and > o 4 Limehoufe,	-——	J

s.

o

o



d>

4

2

RATES of Oars, Down and JJp the River, as well for the whole Fare, as Company.

Down the River.

ROM London to Gravefend, To Grays or Greenhithe, —

To Purfieet, or Erith,	-----

To Woolwich,	........

To Blackwall, ---------------

To Greenwich or Deptford, —

Fare, s. d.

4

4

3

2

2

1

6

o

o

6

o

6

Up the River.

To Chelfea, Batterfea, and Wandfworth, -■■■ ■ ■

To Putney, Fulham, or itor//-

JE/ww,	--------

To Hammerfmith, Chifwick or

Morlack,	-------

To Brentford, Ifleworth or

Richmond,	-------

To Twickenham, ----------  '

To Kingfl on, -------------

To Iiampton-court,

To Hampton-town, Sunbury > or 1 Fait on,	*----«—«	$

}•

P

}*

6

o

6

6

o

o

o

o

Ccm. s. d. o 9 o 8 o 6

o 4 o 3 o 3

0 3 o 4

o 6

o 6

o 6

0	9

1	o

1 o

1

To

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

$33

CHAP. LIV.

Extracts from 29 Geo. 2. c. 30. relative t& the Jlealing and the buying mid receiving of folen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell Metal and Bolder.

Buyers or Re-1. Til Y this Statute it is enadted. That every ceivers of the	Perfon	who	fhall	buy	or	receive	any

herein rnen- ^ea^’ ^ront Copper, Brafs, Bell-metal or Sol-tioned, know- der, knowing the fame to be ftolen or unlaw-ing the fame fully come by ; or fhall privately buy or receive to be Helen, any ptQ]en Leac^ Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-metal . &>meby °&c.0r bolder, by fuffering any Door, Window or Shutter, to be left open or unfaftened between to be tranf- Sun-fetting and Sun rifing for that Purpofe; or ported for 14 fhall buy or receive the fame, or any of them, at Years. any Time in any clapdefline manner from any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, fhall, on Con-vidlion, although the principal Felon has not been convidled of Healing the lame, be tranfport-ed for 14 Years.

Where there	’£	’s	like wife enadted, That any

is Caufc of	Of	the	Peace	may, upon Complaint made

Suspicion, to him upon Oath, that there is caufe to fufpedl ilolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-Metal klflic.e ‘ff'/^or Solder, is concealed in any Dwelling-houfe, mot,0 a* Out houfe, Yard, Garden, or other Place or Places, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, caufe every fuch Dwelling-houfe or other Place and the Mn- to be /i arched in the Day-time; and if any tcrails ami ihe0[ the fiid 'filings fhall be found therein, to whom'tht	C;uik the fame and the Party in whole Cullody

fume are	they fhn.il be found, to be brought before any

/bund, to be	two

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	233?

£wo or more Juftices of the Peace of the fame carried before County ; and if the faid Perfon or Perfons fhall not give an Account to the Satisfaftion of fuch Tuftices, how he, fhe or they came by the fame, Party not or fhall not within fome convenient Time, to accoumingfa-be fet by the faid Juftices, produce the Party g^of yz’ or Parties of, or from whom, he, fhe or they Mifdemeanor. bought or received the faid Goods ; that then the faid Perfon or Perfons fo offending, fhall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Mifdemeanor.

III.	And it is likewife farther enadled, That Sufpc£ledPer-every Conftable, Headborough or Tythingman, fons with any in every County, City or other Place, where MateriaTs in they fhall be Officers, and every Beadle within the Night-his Ward, Parifh or Diftrifl, and every Watch- time, may be man during fuch Time only as he is on his Duty,	of

fhall and may apprehend, or caufe to be appre- gcersTnd bended, all and every Perfon or Perfons who Watchmen, may reafonably be fufpedted of having or carrying, or any wife conveying at any Time after Sun-fetting and before Sun-rifing,any Lead, Iron,

Copper, Brafs, Bell-Metal or Solder, fufpefied

to be ftolenor unlawfully come by •, and the fame,

together with fuch Perfon or Perfons, as foon as

conveniently may be, to convey or carry before and carried

any two or more Juftices of the Peace; and if before two

the Perfon or Perfons fo apprehended conveying Juftices» &c-

any fuch Lead, CjV. fhall not produce the Party

or Parties from whom he, fine or they bought or

received the fame, or fome other credible Wic-

nefs, to depofe upon Oath, the Sale or Delivery

of the faid Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-

Metal, or Solder, or fhall not give an Account

to tiie Satisfaction of any two or more of fuch notnccounting

Juftices, how he, fhe or they, came by the fame,

that then the faid Perfon or Perfons fo appre- Mifdemeanor.

4	hended.

23$

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

where fuch Offence fhall be committed (if it is known) or elfe where fuchConvi&ion fhall be made.

V.	And it is likewife enadted, That every Peifons to Perfon to whom any Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs,^".^ Bell-Metal or Solder, fhall be brought and offer-i,e brought to ed to be fold, pawned or delivered, is impower-bc fold or

ed and required (there being reafonable Caufe roPavvned’r[iay> fufpeft that fuch Goods were ftolen or unlawfully^1^ come by) to apprehend, fecure and carry before flop and carry a Juftice of the Peace (having it in his or herthe Party be-Power fo to do) the Perfon or Perfons fo bring-fore a juftice, ing or offering the fame, together with fuch Iron,&c*

Copper, Bell-Metal or Solder, and fuch Perfons fo apprehended, fhall be dealt with, and the Goods depofited and difpofed of in the fame manner as if he, fhe or they had been apprehended by any Peace Officer as aforefaid ; and if itotherwife, up-fhall appear upon the Oath of any Perfon, n0C'funcb7e°fo°n withftanding fuch Perfon was concerned in fteal-2bie Caufe of ing the fame, if corroborated with other credible Sufpicion, he Circumftances to the Satisfaction of two Jufticesis £uilty of a of the Peace, that there was reafonable Caufe EO Misdemeanor, fufpeft fuch Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-Metal or Solder, was ftolen or unlawfully come by, and that the Perfon or Perfons to whom it was fo brought or offered, did not (having it in his, her or their Power fo to do) apprehend, fecure, and carry before a Juftice of the Peace, as aforefaid, the Perfon or Perfons who fo brought or offered the fame, that then the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs,

Bell-Metal or Solder, was fo brought or offered, fhall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Mif-demeanor.

VI.	And it is farther ena&ed, That every Per-Pf1"005 con“

fon deemed and adjudged guilty of a M i fcl e m e a - ^ ^;	r

nor.

i

Ext raffs from the Penal Laws.

having in his, her or their Pofleffion,

-23 6

in having in nor, in

tl^rPoffefficin any Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-Metal or fa!5Materials Solder, fufpedted to be ftolen or unlawfully &c.	come by, and not producing the Party of whom

he, fhe or they bought or received the fame, nor giving a fatisfaftory Account how he, fhe or they came by the fame, or in having, carrying or conveying any fuch Goods fufpected ro be ftolen or unlawfully come by, and not producing the Party from whom he, floe or they bought or received the fame, nor any credible Witnefs to depofe upon Oath the Sale or Delivery thereof, nor giving a fatisfadlory Accounthow he, fhe or they, came by the fame, (as the Cafe fhall be) (hall, for every fuch Mifdemeanor, forfeit for the firft Offence 40 s. for the fecond 41. and for every fubfequent Offence the Sum of 61. And that every Perfon deemed and adjudged guilty of the Mifdemeanor of neglecting to ap-prehend, fecure and carry before a Juftice of the in'noTcarr101^ -Peace’die Petfon or Perfons(having it in his, her ing fufpedted or their Power fo to do) who brought or offered Perfons before to fell, pawn or deliver, any Lead, Iron, Cop-a Jnfnce, for- per-i ]jrafSj Bell-Metal or Solder, (as the Cafe cu	fhall be) fufpetfted to be ftolen or unlawfully

fnrtlie firft come by, fhall, for every fuch Mifdemeanor, ftconTof0 5' ^or^c f°r the firft Offence 20s. for the fecond fence, 40s	4°s. and for every fubfequent Offence the Sum

and every fub-of 4/. the Penalty to be levied by Diftrefs and feqnent Offence, 4 1.

Forfeiture:;

];o\v to be levied ;

for Vv'nnt of Jliflrtfs. Of-fender to be committed.

forfeit for the firft Offence, 40 s. fecond Offence, 4.I every other Offence, 61.

and being guilty of a

Sale, and difpofed of in the Manner before-mentioned ; and in Default of Payment of any of the faicl Forfeitures, the fa id Juftices may commit fuch Offender fo deemed and adjudged guilty as aforefaid, to the common Gaol or other Prifon or Houfe of Correftion within their Ju-rildidlion, without Bail or Mainprize, for the

Space

238

Extracts from the Penal Laws;

CHAP. LV.

. _ Extraffs from 33 H. 8. c. 9. 2 Geo. 2.

.	\	c.	28. 9 Ann. c. 14. 13 Geo. 2. c. 19.

18 Geo. 2. c. 34. relative to the Preven-\	'	tion	of Gaming.

Perfons keep-1* HPHE 33 H- 8- G 9* ena^s» That no marling Places tor j[ ner of Perfon or Perfons, of whatDe-uniawful gree, Quality or Condition foever he or they be, Games, by himfelf, Fadtor, Deputy, Servant, or other Perfon, (hall for his or their Gain, Lucre or Living, keep, have, hold, occupy, exercife or maintain, any common Houfe, Alley or Place of Bowling, Coyting, Clayfh-Cayls, Half-Bowl, Tennis, Dicing-Table or Carding, or any other manner of Game prohibited by any Statute heretofore made, or any unlawful new Game now invented or made, or any other new unlawful Game hereafter to be invented, found, had or Penalty. made; on Pain of forfeiting for every Day keeping or fuffering the fame, contrary to the Form and effedt of this Statute, 40 s.

Qes. It is apprehended that the above Claitfe takes in every Species of Gaming carried on for Hire that is now in Ufe, or that can be invented.

PeWonshaunt-	H. And alfo every Perfon ufing and haunt-

ing the fame. ing any of the faid Houfes and Plays, and there playing, to forfeit for every Time fo doing, 6 s. %d.

Magiftrates III, That it fhall be lawful for the Juftices in may fupprefs cvery Shire, Mayors, Sheriffs, Bailiffs and other Games1* ami Head OiEcers, within every City, Town and punifli Of- Borough, as well within Liberties as without, to lenders. ;	2	come.

239

' MxtraBs from the Fenal Laws.

come, enter and refort into all Places where fuch Games are fufpedted to be carried on, and to imprifon the Keepers and the Pcrfons frequenting the fame, until they fhall be bound by Recognizance, the Keeper no longer to ufe or keep the fame, and the Haunters no more to play, haunt or exercife any of the faid Games.

• IV. By 2 Geo. 2. e. 28. Where it fhall be Aft 33 H. 8. proved upon the Oath of two or more credible againft unfaw-Witnefies, before any Juftice of the Peace, asful Gamcs’ well as where fuch Juftice fhall find upon his own efftauaL^ View, That any Perfon or Perfons have uftd or exercifed any unlawful Game contrary to the 33 H.- 8. c. 9. the faid Juftice fhall have full Power and Authority to commit every fuch Offender to Prifon without Bail or Mainprize; unlefs and until fuch Offender fhall enter into one or more Recognizances, with Sureties or without, at the Difcretion of the Juftice, that he will not thenceforth play at or ufe any fuch unlawful Game.

Obs. From the additional Power given to M;i-giflratcs by this Claufe, which is very recent, it plainly appears, that the Legifiature deemed the above Statute of H. 8. as a moft ufefulLaw, and that it ought to be looked upon to be in as full Force as when firfi made; and not obfolete, as fome have endeavoured to deem it.

V. By 33 H. 8. c. 9. No manner of Artificer Pcrfons pro-or Craftfman, of any Handicraft or Occupation, t0.PIay Hufbandman, Apprentice, Labourer, Servant at Gam«out of Husbandry, Journeyman, or Servant of Arti- ChriJfmas. ficer. Mariner, Fifhermen, Watermen or ferv-ing Men, fhall play at the Tables Tennis, Dice,

Cards, Bowls, Clayfh, Coyting, Logating, or

any

1

Extracts from the Pernl Laieis.

before whom, if any Perfon JhouU be convified oil the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs, of winning, by playing or betting at any Cams whatever, atone Sitting, any Sum not exceeding iol. nor lefs than 5 s. or Goods of any Sort to the fame Value, and of receiving the fame, to forfeit double the Sum or Value of Goods fo won, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale ; one half to the Poor, the other to the Lofer, and for want of fujfcient Diftrefs to be committed, &c.

VIII.	That if any Perfon whatfoever do, orperfonsvv;n-fhall, by any Fraud or Shift, Coufenage, Cir-ningbyfraud* cumvention, Deceit or unlawful Device or ill above iol. Pradtice whatfoever, in playing at any of forfeit five aforefaid Games ; or by bearing a Share or Part Times the Vain the Stakes-, or by betting on the Sides orlue, (hall be Hands of fuch as do play, win, obtain or ac- dcemed infa-quire to himfelf or others, any Sum or valua- j^ffcr’as'in ble Thing-, or fhall win, at one Sitting, aboveCafo ofwil* the Value of io/. fhall forfeit five Times the ful P'erjury. Value of the Money, or other Thing fo won,

if convidted on an Indidtmenc or Information -, and in Cafe of fuch ill Pradtice as aforefaid, fhall be deemed infamous, and fuffer fuch Corporal Punifhment as in Cafes of wilful Perjury.

IX.	That any two Juftices may caufe to come Two Jufiices or to be brought before them, every Perfon with- may cau(i; . in their refpedtive Limits, whom they fhall have1>L!rC0Ils f13"1'

«	a	'	J	tni n 111 ^ t hemj

juft Caufe to fufpedt to have no vifible Eflate, f-eives"by Ga-Profdlion or Calling, to maintain themfelves by, ming, but do, for the molt Part, fupport themfelves by t0 fin iSurctico Gaming-, and if fuch Perfon fhall not make it for their good appear that the principal Part of their Expences is not maintained by (faming, fuch Jfiflices Hullct),IliilU require of him or them lufficicnt Securities for their good Behaviour for the Space of twelve

R	Months	j

242

Extracts front the Penal Laws.

Months-, and in Default of finding Securities, to commit him or them to the common Gaol, until he or they can find fuch Securities.

X.	That Perfons fo finding Sureties, and afterwards playing or betting during the Time for which they fliall be bound, at any one Sitting,

ring dieTime, for any Sum or Thing exceeding in the whole forfeittheir the Sum or Value of 20;. fhail be deemed or taken to be a Breach of his or their Behaviour, and a Forfeiture of the Recognizance given for the fame.

XI.	That in Cafe any Perfon or Perfons what-foever, fliall afiault and beat, or fliall challenge

Perfons fo finding Sureties, • ■•laying for 20 s. du-

Recogni

zance.

.A/Faulting,

&c. on Account of Mo- nrovoke to fight, any other Perfon or Perfons ney won at ,r -	°	’	1	r	..

Play, to for- whatfoever, upon Account of any Money won

felt all his by Gaming, Playing or Betting, at any of the Goods, and Games aforefaid, fhail, being thereof convidted aYears!0ned l1Pon an In^i&ment or Information, forfeit to the King all his Goods and Chattels and perfonal Eftate whatfoever, and fhail alfo fuffer Imprifon-ment without Bail or Mainprize during the Term of two Years.

XII. By 13 Geo. 2. c. 19. That no Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing, fliall be run for beTun for un- by any Horle, Mare or Gelding, or advertifed, dcr 501. Va- publiflied or proclaimed to be run for by any luc.	Horfe, Mare or Gelding, unlefs fuch Plate,

Prize or Sum of Money, fliall be of the full real and intrinfic Value of 501. And in Cafe any Perfon fliall enter, flartor run any Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, contrary to this Ad!, he fliall forfeit 200/. or (hall make, print, publifh or proclaim any Advertifement contrary thereto, fliall forfeit 100/.

lof"Vo? X1IL Ry18 Gco-2-34-That if anyPerfon

'l’inie.'oi- 201. win or iofe at Play, or by betting at inzyllouis.	any

No Plate to be run for or advertifed to

244

Extra Sis from the Penal Laws.

fo ftolen or loft, the Money To paid or advanced, or any other Sum of Money or Reward for the and thePrinwr Return of fuch Things: And any Perfon print-forfeit 501. ing or publifhing fuch Advertifement, fhall re-fpedtively forfeit 50 /. for every fuch Offence.

Obs. The Pawnbrokers having agreed to take in the Publick Advertifer, it is 7/1 oft ufefuhto advert ife Things loft or ftolen in that Paper.

Perfons taking	JJt The ^ Q£0t Cm n. ft. 4, enadts, That

bel^in tofto- w^erever any Peifon taketh Money or Reward, lenGoods.un-diretftly or indireftly, under Pretence or Account lefs they caufe of helping Perfons to any ftolen Goods or Chat-the Felon to £e]s (unlefs he doth apprehend or caufe to be ap-of Fclonf1.1 ty ptehended, the Felon who ftole the fame, and caufe fuch Felon to be brought to Trial and give Evidence againft him) he fhall be guilty of Felony in fuch and the fame manner as if he had himfelf ftolen fuch Goods or Chattels.

III. And it is further enadted, That it fhall and may be in the Power of the Court before whom any Perfon has been tried and convifted of any Grand or Petit Larceny, or other Felony, at the Prayer of the Profecutor, and on Confi-deration of his Circumftances, to order the Trea-furerof the County in which the Offence fhall have been committed, to pay unto fuch Profecutor fuch Sum of Money as to the faicl Court fhall feem reafonable, not exceeding the Expen-ces which it fhall appear to the Court, the Profecutor was put unto in carrying on fuch Profe-

In Profecu-tions for Felony, Court may make Orders for Payment of the Prolocutor's Expen-

CCf.

fo; liid'.Ordei

cution, making him a reafonable Allowance for • his I ime and Trouble therein which Order the Clerk ol AlTize, or Clerk of the Peace rcfpec-tively, is hereby dire fled and required forthwith to make our and to deliver unto fuch Profecutor, upon beingpaid lor the fame, ihcSum of is and no 1	more.

ExtraSts from the Penal Laws.	245

more. And the Treafurer of the County is here- County Trea-by authorized and required, upon Sight of fueh Order, forthwith to pay to fuch Profecutor, or r other Perfon authorized to receive the fame, fuch Sum of Money as aforefaid, and (hall be allowed the fame in his Accounts.

Obs, 1. All Profecutcrs whofe Circumfiances in-title them to the above Relief fhould take Care to apply to the Court for it, the Moment the Trial is over.

Obs. 2. Bills of IndiAment for Felony in the Directions for County of Middlefex, are preferred before	Pr°^u'

Grand Jury at Hicks’s Hall in St. John’s Street,	e'

where there are two Clerks, viz. Mr. Higgs and Mr. Ma('on, who are appointed to draw the fame.

Mr. Higgs draws the IndiAments againfi fuch Felons whofe Name or Names begin with any Letter in the Alphabet from A. to M. and Mr. Mafon draws thofe againfi fuch whofe Names begin with any Letter in the remaining Part of the Alphabet *, and Profccutors for Felony fhould endeavour, if poffible, to be at Hicks’s Hall on the Tuefday Morning in the Seffwns Week, and take with them their Witneffes; audit will always fave their Time, if they carry with them in Writing\ the Name or Names of the Prifoner or Prifoners, with the Names of the Witneffes, and an Account of the Things flolcn, and the Time when •, which they mufi give to the Clerk of the IndiAments, agreeable to the above Rule of the Alphabet, and if the Bill be there found a true Bill, they mufi immediately attend the Old Bailey, where the Offetider will be tried •, and if the Offence is committed in the City of London, the Profecutor mufi prefer his Bill of Indictment at the Old Bailey, and apply to Mr.

Ford.

R 3

C I I A P.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	247

reafonable Time as be or fhe may give Notice without Li-to fome Peace or Parifh Officer, who is cence,Penalcy required to carry fuch Perfon before fome^(^20(17 Jutiice of the Peace; and if it fhall appear to sale. * the faid Juftice, that the faid Hawker, &c. had traded without a Licence, he may caufe the aforefaid Sum of 12/. to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, Wares and Merchandtees.

IV.	If any Perfon lhall forge or counterfeit Perfonsforg-any Licence, or travel with fuch forged or inS °r.coim: counterfeited Licence, for the Purpofes aforefaid, t^rnf!‘tlng Lu he fhall forfeit 50 A

V.	That every Perfon, who being a&ually Not pi.0(ju. trading as an Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chap- ring Licence, man, fhall not, upon Demand, have his Licence ready to be produced, fhall be adjudged

to forfeit, as if he had traded without a Licence : And if any Perfon fhall lend or let out his Licence, fuch Perfon and the Perfon trading under Colour of the fame, fhall either of them forfeit the Sum of 40 /. and the Perfon fo lending or letting out to Hire fuch Licence, fhall alfo forfeit the fame. 3 C? 4 Ann• a 4.

/. 4.

VI.	If any Conftable, Pleadborough or other Neg]eft of Officer, fhall rcfufe or negled, upon due No- officers, tice, or on his own View, to be aiding and affifting in the Execution of this A<5t, and be thereof convifted by the Oath of one Witnefs.

9 y ioff. 3.

VII. Any Perfon who fhall fell, hawk, carry Any Perfon about, utter or expofe to Sale, any News Paper, may appre-or any Book, Pamphlet or Paper, deemed or 1'cydMawlccrs conflrued to be a News Paper, within the In-Ncwfi>;jp^. tention and Meaning of any of the A£ls of

R 4	Par-

248	.	Extracts	from	the	Penal Laws.

Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties now in Force, not being ftampt or marked, and be thereof convided by the Oath of one Witnefs before one Juftice, ffiall be committed to the Houfe of Correction for any Time not exceed-ccivea^Rtf" *nS ^ree Months; and any Perfon may feize, ward of 20 s. apprehend and carry any fuch Offender before for every a Juftice of the Peace; and on producing a Cer-Hawkercon- tificate of fuch Convidion from fuch Juftice, v!^ed. fhall ^ jnticiec5 t0 a Reward of 20 s. to be paid by the Receiver General of his Majefty’s Stamp Duties.

C PI A P. LVIII.

Extracts from 22 Geo. 2. c. 46. fed. 36 & 37. and 8 Geo. 1. c. 6. relative to the Affirmation of Quakers.

N D whereas a Doubt hath arifen whether the folemn Affirmation or Declaration of the People called Quakers, prefcribed by 8 Geo. j. can be allowed and taken inileadof an Oath, in any Cafe wherein by any Ad or Ads of Parliament an Oath is required, unlefs the faid Affirmation or Declaration be by fuch Ad or Ads particularly and exprefsly direded and allowed to be taken inftead of fuch Oath: By reafon of which Doubt, the Teftimony of the faid People called Quakers, is frequently refufed, whereby the faid People, and others requiring their Evidence, are fubjeded to great Inconvenicncics : Mirimtion of Therefore, to remove the faid Doubt, it is, by CUmki-rs :il- t|ie jajtj Ad; of 22 Geo. 2. enaded, that in

ohm Oath?' Cafes wherein by any Ad or Ads of Parliament

250

Form of Affirmation.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

And by the faid A<5t of 8 Geo. the Form of Affirmation is as follows, viz.

i A. B. do folemnly, fincerely and truly declare and affirm----

CAUTIONS to Shopkeepers and LradeJ-men in general, and to their Journeymen^ Apprentices, Errand Boys and Porters; and to Book-keepers, Inn-keepers, &c.

MISFORTUNES and Diftreffes have been obferved to have very different Effedls according to the Difpofition of the Party on whom they fall: When well-difpofed Perfom are afflifted, it is apt to make them mild, humble, grateful and refigned-, but when the Malevolent meet with Difficulties, it generally makes them envious, impatient, malicious and repining. Neceffity, they fay, is the Mother of Invention •, and when that arifes rather from Accident than Extravagance, the Invention is generally employed in what is ufeful to Mankind, and its Productions deferve the Name of Ingenuity •, but when the Neceffity arifes from extravagant Debaucheries, the Invention is then racked to the Injury of Mankind, to obtain their Property, as Fuel for their own Profufc-nefs. The Produce of this Species of Invention is what 1 call Fraud ; and excelling in this Sore of Deceit is what conflitutes the Character of a (Ambler, whofe various Devices are the Sub|edt o 1 what follows.

Doubtiefs there are Gamblers in every Rank ol Life, as well as Gameflcrs: As to thofc

who

2$l

Extradts from the Penal Laws.

Fho trick you out of your Knowledge, by what they commonly call Sucking your Brains, ior out of your Reputation, your Wife or your Daughter, under the fpecious Pretence of Friendfliip, they are out of the Reach of the Daw. The greater the Capacity of a Gambler, the more dangerous he is to Society, as his Abilities and Refolution enable him to execute great and deftruftjve Schemes, while thofe of a lower Rank content themfelves with fmaller Acquifitions. But in Order to convey a juft Idea of this Animals I {hall endeavour to fhew him in all the different Spheres in which he exerts his Ingenuity, from the loweft to the higheft.

A Pickpocket, though a Felon, feems to be in the loweft Clafs of Gamblers; but his Suc-pefs rather arifes from the Dexterity of his Hands, than the Contrivance of his Head ; and like Rats and other ftjch Vermin, they appear rather to take the Advantage of your Negligence and Inattention, than to contend with your Underftanding. The firft and loweft Clafs of Gamblers then, who would cheat you with your Eyes open, are thofe who invite you to prick in the Belt or Garter for a Wager; and the Certainty of Winning at this Sort of DiverfiQn appears fo dear to the Novice, that he never fails to bite, if he be a proper Objedl. And here I mud premile, that thefc Gamblers are fuch cxquilite Judges of ihcir Prey, that they feldoin fail of Succcfs.

The next Clafs arc thole who find a Paper full of Gold Rings, which they take Care to pick up in the Sight of a proper Object, whole Opinion they afk. This Set appear very mean, b	wjiich

253

Extracts from the Penal Laws;

with which he decamps the Inftant the Porter’s Back is turned. And as Tradefmen generally employ Country Fellows for Porters in their Houfes, two or three of thefe Gamblers are generally waiting at the Corner of the Streets near fome of the great Inns and if they hear one of the Porters, charged with a Box or Bundle, afk his Way to the Inn, one of them fteps up to him very civilly, tells him that he is going that Way, and will fhew him the Houfe. The Countryman implicitly follows his Guide, whilft the Gambler’s Comrade takes the Hint, marches before and plants himfelf at fome convenient Pafiage, puts his Hat into his Pocket, and hicks a Pen in his Wig to repre-fent a Book-keeper-, the Guide acquaints the Countryman, that that is the Book-keeper of the Inn, who immediately lays down his Burthen, and the Book-keeper defires him to go over the Way to his Wife for the Key of theWare-houfe, and in the mean Time the two Gamblers march off with the Goods.

The next Clafs ufe the Following Stratagem: One of them goes in the Drefs of a Footman, and defires fome Tradefman to carry Goods to his Mailer, which are generally fent by the Journeyman, who is carried into a Parlour hired for that Purpofe by the Footman, who tells him that he will carry the Goods up to his Mailer, and will bring down an Account of what he chufes ; but the Moment he has got PoiTefiion of the Goods, he fiiuts the Parlour Door, and marches out of the Pafiage ; or if the Mailer has a Mind to nfiiit the Servant, he fends the Tradefman back for other Sorts; but before he returns, makes off with what he has. Servants, who

have

Ext rads from the Penal Laws*

have lived with Taylors, Mantua-makers, Milliners, and other Trades that fend frequently to the Shops, have, when they have been difchargr ed, gone in the Name of their Matters and Mif-trelfes to the faid Shops, and taken up great Quantities of Goods, in which they have fuc-ceeded the eafier from their being known to the Shopkeeper. Might it not then be ufeful to give Notice to the Shopkeepers ufed by the faid Trades-people of their Difcharge of fuch a Servant ?

There is another Set who defraud Tradefmen by taking on themfelves falfe Names, and by pretending to be related to, or connected with* fome Perfons of Credit and Fafhion, and produce falfe Letters to prove their Intimacy. Some of thefe Gamblers attend moft of the' Fairs in the Country, where they make it their Bufinefs to enquire at Inns who ferves them with their Wines and Brandies from London j and fifh out of Shopkeepers the Names of the Tradefmen here who fupply them with Goods. Furnifhed with this Knowledge, they come to London, and one Day appearing in the Character of a Country Inn keeper, they go to the Diftiller, whofe Name they have learned, telling him he has taken an Inn in fuch a Country; that he was recommended to him by one of his Cuftomers, whofe Name he tells him, and deferibes his Houle and Family. The Dittiller’s Sufpicion being lulled afleqp by this Stratagem, he chcarfully fupplics his new Cuftomer with fome of his belt Goods, and fends them to fome appointed Inn in Town, from whence they are conveyed by the Gambler and converted into Calh, by felling them as

Run

256

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

Value of the faid Goods, generally fall into their Trap.

1 he following Stratagem has been of late very fuccefsful. The Gambler goes to a Shop, and with great Coolnefs and Compofure, looks over many Goods, deals hard, calls himfelf a ready, money Cuftomer, and experts for that Reafon to buy cheaper; theGoods being pitched on and their Price fixed, he orders them to be packed up with a Bill and Receipt, and to be fenc to his Houfe in about an Hour, where he promifes to be and to pay for them. Sufpicion being thus removed, the Porter carries the Goods, but the Gentleman is not come home, though the Wife is there, ready to receive all that comes, and who generally by Artifice baffles the Porter, and sets Poflefiion of the Goods. The Tradesman

O

calls Time after Time, but the Gentleman is not at Home, and the Tru,th is, he lodges at fome diffant Part of the Town, and makes Ufe of this Ploufe only as a Ware-houfe, to depofit fuch Goods as he can obtain by Fraud from Tradefmen.-

In the Cafes of fuch ready-money Cuftomers as thefe, Porters fhould be directed not to leave the Goods till they have received the Money for them, on Pain of paying for them themfelves.

The liigheff Rank of Cheats who attack the Underftanding, have made Ufe of the following Stratagems : One of the Gang, who is happieft in his Pcrfon, and has the beft Addrefs, is pitched upon to take a Houle, which, by Means of the extreme good Charadler given of him by his Comrades to the Landlord, is foon accom-plifhcd. The next' Conlideration is to furnifh

it,

Exfraffs from the Penal Laws.

it, when Mr. -------,	a	young Ironmonger ju$

fet up, is pitched upon to provide the ’Squire’s Grates who, glad of fo fine an Order, foon ornaments his Chimnies with thofe of the neweft

Falhion. This being done, Mr. --------;—, the

Upholder, is immediately applied to for other Furniture, and is brought to the Houfe in Order that he may fee the Grates, which he no fooner beholds, than he tells his Honour that he could have furnifhed him likewife with Grates of the beft Kind at the moll reafonable Rates ; to which ’Squire Gambler replies, that he intends taking fome little Villa in the Country, where

Mr.--------lhall furnilh every Thing he can.

The Houfe being now compleatly fuinilhed, the ’Squire drefies himfelf in his Morning Gown, Velvet Cap, and red Morocco Slippers, puts one or more of his Comrades into Livery, then fends for Taylor, Linnen-draper. Silverfmith, Jeweller, C?c. takes upon him the Character of a Merchant, and by getting Credit of one by pawning the Goods the Moment he has got them, he is enabled to pay ready Money t6 others; by which Means he extends his Credit and increafes his Orders till he is detefted ; which fometimcs does not happen till he has defrauded Tradefmen to a very confiderable Value. Nay, 1 have known them fometimes carry their Scheme ib far, as to fix one of their Comrades at fome Rendezvous in Wapptng, in the Character of a Captain of a Vefiel lying at fuch Stairs, and bound to fome of the American Plantations, by which Means the aforelaid Merchant procures Goods to be fent aboard ; and as his Credit advances, he makes Ufe of Draughts, which are constantly accepted by his Comrades, who have

S	con-

259

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Yards, in the Duflc of the Evening, at a Dif-tance from the Warehoufe •, and if any Porter or Apprentice brings a Parcel, and enquires for the Book-keeper, his Hat in a Minute is whipt into his Pocket, and a Pen in his Mouth: The Porter is fent into the Tap-houfe of fome Mef-fage, and the Sharper efcapes. Sometimes they go into a Publick-houfe, and defire them to fend a Gallon of Beer to fome Neighbour, whofe Name they have enquired, and to bring Change for a Guinea, which is generally fent by the Maid or fome little Boy. The Sharper takes Care to meet the Boy in the Way, receives the Change and Beer, fends him back for a Pipe, and then makes off. Thefe Sharpers likewife, fometimes, take Portmanteaus frorri behind Stage-Coaches, when there are no outfide Paffengers, out of the Tails of Waggons, or from behind Poft-Chai-fes, or out of Shops in the Evenings, where Goods lie near the Window, or out of Shew-Glaffes, by breaking the Glaffes. To prevent fome of thefe Evils, the following Cautions would be ufeful *, nrft, for Book-keepers and Inn-keepers to keep their Yards clear from loitering Fellows, and to caution their Porters not to deliver Goods at the Outfide of the Door of any Houfe to which they are fent: To caution the Waggoners and Stage-Coachmen to watch their Coaches and Waggons off the Stones; Shop-keepers fiiould remove Goods from their Windows or Shew-Glafies, early in the Evening, and to fix a Bell at their Shop-door at that Time : To diredl their Porters, Apprentices and Errand-Boys, when fent with Parcels, to be cautious of aflcing their Way in the Streets, but at Houfes or Shops; or of entering into any

S 2	C	on-

26i

ExtraBs from the Fenal Laws:

Coals to be delivered at that Tradefman’s Houfe for his Ufe. Thus far the Gambler who attacks the Underftanding.

I fhall now mention a Set of Cheats who make a Dupe of the Heart, and impofe on the Benevolence and Compaflion of the Charitable■, thefe are called Sky-Farmers, and execute their Schemes in the following Manner: One of them drefies himfelf extremely genteel, and takes upon himfelf either the Charadter of a private Gentleman or reputable Tradefman. He is attended by two Men in the Charadter of Country Farmers, with clumfey Boots, Horfeman’s Coats, &V. The Objedts pitched upon for Impofition, are good old charitable Ladies, to whom the Solli-citor tells a dreadful Story of Lofies by Fire, Inundation, &c. to the utter Ruin of thefe two poor Farmers and all their Families; their Wives are big with Child, their Children down in the Small-Pox, &c. A Book is then produced by the Solicitor, who undertakes this difagreeable Office purely out of Good-Nature, knowing the Story to be true. In this Book are the Names of the Nobility and Gentry fet down by himfelf, who have contributed to this Charity ; and by fetting out with falfe Names, they at length get real ones, which are of great Service to them in carrying on their Fraud j and well-difpofed Perfons are daily impofed upon by falfe Appearances of Diftrefs. There are Perfons in this Town who get a very good Livelihood by writing Letters and Petitions of this.Stamp, with which thofe Noblemen and Gentlemen, who are diftinguifhed for their Generofity and Benevolence, arc conftantly tormented, and thefe Wretches often obtain Relief for their falfe Dif-S 3	trefies.

2 62

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

treffes, whilft the really miferable fuffer, from their Modefty, the acuteft Affliftions. A Woman fluffed up as iffhe was ready to lye in, •with two or three borrowed Children, and a Letter giving an Account of her Hufband’s falling off a Scaffold and breaking his Limbs, or being drowned at Sea, &c. is an irreftftable Objedt.

Laftly, the following Cautions to Inns and Livery-Stables may not be ufelefs ; it is become a Trick for a Man to hire a Horfe at one Place, and at his Return to London to put him up at another as his own, and to borrow Money at that Place, and then give Notice to the Owner of the Horfe where he is.

As Perfons coming to London in a Stage-Coach from a Diftance, are defirous of getting into a Hackney-Coach as foon as they can, they flop at the firft Stand, which is generally near fome Inn; here the Sharpers attend, and by their pretending to be Porters, or by other Stratagems, frequently rob the Paffengers of their Box or Portmanteau ; who being eager to fee their Friends, throw afide their Caution, and trufttoo much to the Care of the Coachman. Thefe fort of Sharpers alio attend the unloading of Road Waggons, where Quantities of Goods are put into a Cart to be difperfed about Town ; this Cart they follow till they have an Opportunity of taking fomething out of it, while the Carter or Porter is making fome Enquiry ; a Man riding in thefe Carts would prevent thefe Robberies. Faftening Portmanteaus behind Poll-Chaifes with Chains inftead of Straps, will preferve them ; and Stable-keepers not letting their Saddle-Horfes to Strangers, unlefs they bring fome

Perfons

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

jnen and Shopkeepers, as fhall approve of this Plan, fliall form themfelves into a Society, by the Name and Title of A Society for the Security of Trade, by bringing Cheats and Felons to JuJ'tice.

I.	That out of the Society three Perfons be chofe as Treafurers, to whom all Subfcriptions fhall be paid once a Month by the Secretary.

II.	That the Secretary keep a Book at his Houfe for the Entry of the Names and Suh-fcriptions as they are paid in.

III.	That out of the Lift of the Society, the Names of twelve Perfons fhall be taken according to their Seniority, the three firft of which fhall be the Treafurers, as a Committee this Committee to laft for a Year, and to execute the Bufinefs of the Society for that Year.

IV.	That this Committee fhall meet once a Month, when they fhall be attended by the Solicitor of the Society, who fhall alfo be their Secretary ; who fhall then and there make Report to them of all Perfons in Cuftody for Fraud or Felony committed on any Member of the Society, and take their Directions for the Profe-cution.

V.	That the Solicitor fhall be impowered to difburfe fuch Money for the purfuing or adver-tifing fuch Offenders before they are taken, as the Magiflrare fhall direct; and that no Bill of this Kind fhall be paid the laid Solicitor, unlds figned by the Magi ft rate.

VI.	That the Money fubferibed fhall be paid into a Banker’s Hand, or into the Bank, horn whence no Part oi it fhall be taken, but by a Draught figned by the three Perfons appointed

Treafurers

2 65

Extracts from the Penal Laws. Treafurers for the Time being ; but the Solicitor lhall always have 20/. in his Hands for immediate Ufe, to be accounted for.

VII.	That the Committee lhall meet once a Month, and be allowed 1 s. each for their Expence ; and that any Member of the Society may be prefent at the fame Committee, but they Jhali not be allowed any Thing for their Expence, nor have any Vote in the Bufinefs going forward, and not Jefs than five of the Committee to be a Board.

VIII.	The Chairmen of the faid Committee lhall take it by Turns according to their Seniority, as they Hand on the Lift of Subfcribers; and the Day before the Meeting of fuch Committee, the Solicitor lhall fend Notice to the twelve Members, and acquaint them whofe Turn it is to be in the Chair.

IX.	That a Regifter of the Profecutions carried on by the faid Society, lhall be kept by the Secretary, containing a Ihort Abftradt of every Cafe, fubjefl to the Examination of every Member of the Society; and that no Adi or Order lhall be put in Execution without the Confent of the Majority of the Committee.

X.	That any Member of the Society, attended by the Solicitor, lhall always be intitled to Mr. Fielding's Opinion, gratis, on any Cafe relating to the faid Society. No Perfon to be benefited by the Society that is not a Subfcriber, or who fhall defer the Payment of their fecond or any fubfequcnt Subfcription, more than a Month after it is due.

XI.	That twice a Year, as many of the Society as think proper to attend, be called together by Means of an Advcrtifement put

in

z66

Extracts from the Fend Laws.

in the Paper a Week before the Day of the Meeting, in Order to hear the Tranfadtions of the Society, together with the-Bills of Profe-cution, &c. read over; at which Times only, new Laws for the Government of the Society fhall be propofed and confirmed by the Con-fent of the Majority of the Members then prefen t.

XII.	And that a Fortnight before the laft Meeting in the Year, the Perfons who are to fuc-ceed as Treafurers and Committee, fhall have Notice of the fame ; and if any of them do not choofe to be of the Committee, that they immediately declare it to the Secretary, who fhall fum-mons others in their room, in Order to make up the Number twelve.

XIII.	That the annual Subfcription be Five Shillings.

Was a PJan of this fort once begun, much more perfedt Rules for its Regulation than the above might be made; thefe being only thrown out to be improved by others.

RULES propofed by John Fielding, Efip, and unanimoufly ajjented to by a J'eleSl Body of Pawnbrokers, in the Tear 1758, for their future Obfervance, as a farther Prevention of Frauds and Felonies.

1.(0 OME one publick News-Paper to be fixed on by them, to be taken in, and publick Notice to be given of the fame. This

will

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.	z6f

will fave Expences to the Pawnbrokers of different Papers, and Ihew the Publick where to adverb fe Things loft, ftolen or fraudulently obtain-r ed; the Publick Adveriifer was then fixed on to be the Paper taken in.

II.	A corred Lift of the Pawnbrokers Names and Places of Abode to be given to Mr. Fielding, that Hand-Bills may be fent; which, as they make no Noife, may often deted in Cafes of Confequence. Thefe Bills may be numbered, fo that if any Pawnbroker finds himfelf negleded by their not being brought regularly, he may complain to that Magiftrate.

III.	It would beufeful to diftinguifh the Time of Day in which every Pledge is received ; Ex.gr. for the Morning write M. for the Afternoon A. for this may often prove material Evidence.

IV.	To advertife at the Pawnbrokers Expence, the Claufes relating to the Punifhment of Perfons pawning Goods without the Confent of the Owners-, and the Pawnbrokers Power of flopping Perfons fufpeded with Impunity.

V.	Pawnbrokers to fhut up Shop at Nine, from Michaelmas to Lady Pay-, and at Ten from Lady Day to Michaelmas, Saturday excepted ; and to exclude them from their feled Society, that will not comply therewith.

VI.	This feled Body to ufe their beft Endeavours to convid Offenders againft the Sabbath j and likewife to convid Perfons offending againft the late Ad of Parliament, in not making proper Enquiries, and fuch Entries in their Books as is thereby required. This vigoroufiy executed, will deftroy Petty Pawnbrokers who keep Chandlers-fhops and Alehoufes; by whom it has

been

4

268

Extracts from the Penal Laces.

been too common for Itolen Goods to be received.

VII.	To take nothing in of a ftrange Meflcn-ger, that may not be luppofed to be their own, unlefs you take down the Name of the real Owner, their Place of Abode, &c. and in Pledges of Confequence, fuch as Plate, Jewels, fed to fend to the Owner.

VIII.	To keep a Book on Purpofe for Watches, in which all Watches advertifed to be loll or flolen, fhould be entered.

IX.	To take no Goods whatfoever of any Soldier in his Regimentals.

X.	No Perfon to be admitted a Member of the feledt Body, who has not ferved a regular Apprenticefhip to the Bufinefs, unlefs balloted in by the Society.

XI.	Never to fend a Boy before a Magillrate or Court of Juftice, when the Mailer can attend and give the fame Evidence.

XII.	To be particularly careful in receiving Piece Goods, as an Error or Miftake of that Kind may bring a llronger Imputation.

XIII.	To receive no Pledges from Children, unlefs their Parents or Mailers or Mil!relies are well known to the Pawnbroker, and in general to avoid fo doing as much as pohible.

XIV.	Great Care fhould be taken to keep Books with the utmoll Regularity, as they may come under the Cognizance of the Magillrates.

XV.	That every Member of the Society fhould have the Name of the nearcfl. Conflable to him; and that his Servants fhould know the fame, and to have a By-word to his Servants to go for the Conltable.

F E L O-

2^0

Stealing 40 s. outof aDwel-ling-Houfe.

Stealing Orders, Tallies, Bonds, Notes. &c.

Extracts from the Penal Laws:

let to ufe, in or with any Lodging ; is made Felony with Clergy. %W. & M. c. 9. fedi. 5.

4.	Felonioufly ftealing any Money, Goods or Chattels, Wares or Merchandizes, of the Value of forty Shillings or more, being in any Dwelling-Houfe or Out-Houfe thereunto belonging, although fuch Houfe or Out-Houfe be not adually broken by fuch Offender, and although the Owner of fuch Goods, or any other Perfon or Perfons be or be not in fuch Houfe or Out-Houfe; or affifting or aiding any Perfon or Perfons to commit any fuch Offence, is Felony without Clergy. 12 Ann. c. 7. fell. 1. This Claufe extends not to Apprentices under the Age of fifteen Years. Sett. 2.

5.	Stealing or taking by Robbery, any Exchequer Orders, or Tallies, or other Orders, intitling 'any other Perfon or Perfons to any Annuity or Share in any parliamentary Fund, or any Exchequer Bills, Bank Notes, South Sea Bonds, Eaft India Bonds, Dividend Warrants of the Bank, South Sea Company, Eafi India Company, or any other Company, Society or Corporation, Bills of Exchange, Navy Bills or Debentures, Goldfmiths Notes for Payment of Money, or other Bonds or Warrants, Bills or promiffory Notes for the Payment of any Money, being the Property of any other Perfon or Perfons, or of any Corporation, notwithftanding any of the faid Particulars are termed in Law a Chofe in Adion, fhall be deemed and conflrued to be Felony, of the fame Nature and in the fame Degree, and with or without the Benefit of Clergy, in the fame Manner as it would have been, if the Offender had ftolen or taken by Robbery any other Goods of the like Value, with the Money due

on

Extras from the Penal Laws.	t

on fuch Orders, Tallies, &c. or fecured thereby, and remaining unfatisfied. 2 Geo. 2. c. 25. Jeff. 3.

6.	Falfly Making, Forging or Counterfeiting, Forgery, or caufmg or procuring to be falfely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly afting or af-fifting, in the falfe Making, Forging or Counterfeiting any Deed, Will, Teftament, Bond,

Writing obligatory. Bill of Exchange, Pro-miffory Note for Payment of Money, Indorfe-ment or Affignment of any Bill of Exchange or Promiffory Note for Payment of Money, or any Acquittance or- Receipt, either for Money or Goods, with Intention to defraud any Perfon whatfoever; or uttering or publifhing as true, any falfe, forged or counterfeited Deed, Will, Teftament, Bond, Writing obligatory. Bill of Exchange, Promiffory Note for Payment of Money, Indorfement or Affignment of any Bill of Exchange, or Promiffory Note for Payment of Money, Acquittance or Receipt, either for Money or Goods, with Intention to defraud any Perfon, knowing the fame to be falfe, forged or counterfeited, is Felony without Benefit of Clergy. 2 Geo. 2. c. 25. fcEl. 1.

7.	Forging or counterfeiting Mediterranean Counterfeit-

Paffes, or adting or afiifting therein, is Felony ing Mediier-without Benefit of Clergy.	ranean Partes.

8.	Falfely Making, Altering, Forging orForgingAc. Counterfeiting, or caufing or procuring to be ceptance to falfely made, altered, forged, or counterfeited, Kills °fEx-or willingly adting or afiifting in the falfe Male- cilanSe-ing, Altering, Forging, or Counterfeiting any Acceptance of any Bill of Exchange, or the Number or principal Sum of any accountable Receipt for any Note, Bill, or other Security

for Payment of Money, or any Warrantor Order



Extracts from the Penal Laws.	273

lo. By 8 Geo. 1. c. 22. feSl. 1. it is enabled, Fo ging Let*

That if any Perfons whatfoever fhall forge or Attor'

„ . J	ic 1	ncy, «c. to

counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counter- transfer Shares

feited, or knowingly and wilfully aft or affift in of and in the the forging or counterfeiting any Letter of At- capital Stock; torney or other Authority or Inftrument to tranf-fer, affign, fell or convey any Share or Shares, Aa 0f Parlia-or any Part of any fuch Share or Shares of any mem, &c. capital Stock or Stocks, or to receive any Annuity or Annuities, Dividend or Dividends, or any Part thereof, or fhall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully aft or affift in the forging or counterfeiting any the Name or Names of any the Proprietors of any-fuch Share or Shares in Stock, or of any the Perfons intitled to any fuch Annuities, &c. in or to any fuch pretended Letter of Attorney, Inftrument or Authority, or fhall knowingly and fraudulently demand or endeavour to have any fuch Share or Shares in Stock, or any Part thereof, transfered, affigned, fold, or conveyed, or fuch Annuities, &c. or any Part thereof, to be received by virtue of any fuch counterfeit or forged Letter of Attorney,

Authority or Inftrument, or fhall falfely and deceitfully perfonate any true and real Proprietors of the faid Shares in Stock, Annuities and Dividends, or any of them, and thereby transferring or endeavouring to transfer the Stock, or receiving or endeavouring to receive the Money of fuch true and lawful Proprietor, as if fuch Offender were the true and lawful Owner thereof •„ ail and every fuch Offender or Offenders, fhall, on Conviftion, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fhall fuller Death without Benefit of Clergy.

T

11. Bv

274

Forging the Hand of the Accountant to a Certificate to receive Suitors Effects in the Bank,

or any Fail India or Sourli-iea Bond, Felony without Cler-

%)’•

Ext r a Sis from the Penal Lairs.

ii. By 12 Geo. i. c. 32. fed. 9. it is enafted, That no Perfon {hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly ait or afiift in the forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand of the Accountant General, the Regifter, the Clerk of the Report-Office, or any of the Cafhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to any Certificate, Report, Entry, Indorlcmenr, Declaration of Truft, Note, Direftion, Authority, Inftruments or Writing whatfoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any the Money or EfFefts of any of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, or fhall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly ait or afiift in forging or counterfeiting any Certificate, Report, Entry, Indorfement, made by fuch Accountant General, Regifter, Clerk of the Report-Office, or any of the Cafhiers of the Paid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Bond or Obligation under the common Seal of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafi Indies, or any Indorfement or Aflignment thereon, or on any Bond or Obligation under the Common Seal of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other

Parts of America, and for the encouraging the Fifhery; or fhall utter or publifh any fuch, knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited, with Intention to defraud any Perfon whatfoever, on Pain of Death, without Benefit of Clergy. Counterfeit- 12. That if any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, inn st;ni;'s. {hall counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Mark, to refemble any Stamp or Mark which fhall be provided, made or tiled in purfuance of this Aft,

or

Extracts from the Pend Laws,	275

or fhall counterfeit or refemble the Impreffion of the fame thereby, upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or fhall utter, vend or fell, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper with fuch counterfeit Mark or Stamp thereupon, knowing fuch Stamp or Mark to be counterfeit; or if any Perfoti whatfoever fhall privately and fraudulently ufe any Stamp or Mark thereby to defraud her Ma-jefty, her Heirs or Succeffors, of any Duty upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper hereby granted; every Perfon fo offending, fhall, on Conviction, fuffer Death without Benefit of Clergy. 10 Ann. c. 19. feSt. 115,

13. Perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt Per-perjury* jury, or Subornation of Perjury, over and above all former Punifhments to be inflicted on fuch Offenders, may be committed by the Court or judge, to fome Houfe of Correction, or tranf-ported for feven Years. 2 Geo. 2. c. 25. fell. 2.

14.. Entering into the Manfion or Dwelling- Burglary. Houfe of another, by Day or by Night, without breaking the fame, with Intent to commit Felony; or being in fuch Houfe commiting any Felony, and in Night-Time breaking'fuch Houfe to get out of the fame, is Burglary, and fuch Offenders are oufted of the Benefit of their Clergy. 12 Ann. c. 7. Stat. 1. fc5t. 3.

15. That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall for-Rape and Ra-tune to commit or do any Manner of felonious vifliment of Rape, Ravifhment or Burglary, and fhall be	.

found guilty of any the laid Offences, by Ver-jj’amRlT,3 did, or that any Perfon or Perfons fhall fortune and Burglary, to be out-lawed for any the Offences aforefaid, or upon his or their Arraignment (hall confels any luch felonious Rape or Burglary ; every Perfon and Perfons fo being found guilty, out-

1' 2	la	wed.

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.	277

dealing or embezzling any EffeAs or Eft ate, whether real or perfonal, to the Value of twenty Pounds, or any Books of Account, Papers or Writings relative thereto, with Intent to defraud the Creditors, is Felony without Benefit of Clergy. 5 Geo. 2. c. 30. Jett. 1.

■ Perfons concealing the Effects of any Bankrupt forty two Days after the iffuing of fuch Commiffion of Bankrupt, forfeit lool. and double the Eftate and EffeAs fo concealed, for the Benefit of the Creditors of fuch Bankrupt. Sed. 21. ig. This Offence is made-Felony without Threading Clergy, by 9 Geo. 1. c. 22. and by 2y Geo. 2.ieCters-c. 15. as per Page 147.

20. SubjeAs of the Crown of Great Britain^ Miffing in or, who fhall enlift or enter themfelves, within the f°r f?reign Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, or withoutServjce’ the fame, or any Perfons procuring any SubjeA of his Majefty to enlift or enter, or hiring or retaining any Perfon, being a SubjeA of his Majefty, with Intent to caufe fuch Perfon to enlift or enter; or procuring any Perfon, being a SubjeA of his Majefty, to go beyond the Seas, or embark with Intent and in Order to be enlifted, to ferve any foreign Prince, State or Potentate, as a Soldier, without Leave or Licence of his Majefty, his Heirs or Succeffors, under his Sign Manual, are deemed guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. 9 Geo. 2. c. 30. felt. 1.

Perfons inveigled fo to inlift: themfelves, making a Difcovery in fourteen Days to a Juf-tice of the Peace or other Civil Magiftrate, fo as fuch Offender may be conviAed, fhall be indemnified. Sett. 3.

T 3

21. Fc-

ExtraBs from the Venal Laws.	279

Perfons affaulting any Colleblor of the Toll, or Affaulting or threatning him or them in the Execution of his or their Office; or forcibly patting through any ^Vor-Turnpike-Gate or Gates, Rail or Rains, Chain cibiy palling or Chains, or other Fence or Fences, fet up, or throughTum-to be fet up bv Authority of Parliament withoutpi!:es-* £:c‘ paying the Toll appointed to be paid at fuch Gate or other Fence; or forcibly carrying away or detaining any Collector of the Toll, fo as he flu 11 not be able to return to his Duty for three Days, forfeit 5/. one Half to the Informer, thepcn2jty> other Moiety to the Truftees, Commiffioners,

Proprietors or Undertakers, to be employed for the Ufe of any Turnpike, or navigable River ; and for a fecond or any fubfequent Offence 10 /. sezond Grand for want of Diftrefs for every Offence, after fence, the firft, to be fent to the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for one Year; and before difeharged, give Security at the General Quarter Sefficns for their good Behaviour for feven Years. 8 Geo. 2. c. zo.feft. 11.

23.	Pulling down Churches, Chapels, i£c. or Pulling down. Dwelling-Houfes, Barns, Stables, E?r. is Felo-*Joufe£’

ny without Clergy, i Geo. 1. c. 5. fe£t. 12. lurc es>5:c' See Page 70.

24.	Unlawfully and malicioufly affaulting with Afla.ilting any offenfive Weapon or Inttrument, or demand-

ing by Menaces, or in or by any forcible or vio- tor° lent Manner, any Money, Goods or Chattels of or from any other Perfon, with a felonious Intent to rob or commit Robbery upon fuch Perfon, is Felony ; and the Offenders arc liable to be tranfported as in Cafes of Felony. 7 Geo. 2. f. 21. Jct't. 1.

Breaking Gaol, or returning from Tranfpor-tation, when committed or tranfpoitcd for T 4	any

200

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

any of the Offences in the foregoing Claufe, is Felony without Clergy. Seel. 2.

Stealing from 25- Felonioufly taking, Healing and carrying whitening a way, or wilfully or rnalicioufly hiring, or pro-Grounds, &c. curing, for Money or other Reward, any other PerLn or Perfons feionioufly to take, fleal and carry away, out of or from any Whitening or Bleaching Croft, Lands, Fields or Grounds, Bowking-Houfe, Drying-Houfe, or other Building, Ground or Place made ufe of by any Whir-fler, Crofter, Bowker or Bleacher, for whitening, bowking, bleaching or drying any Linen, Fuftian or Cotton Cloath, or Cloath worked, woven or made of any Cotton and Linen Yarn mixed, or any Thread, Linen or Cotton Yarn, Linen or Cotton Tape, Incle, Filleting, Laces, or any other Linen, Fuftian or Cotton Goods or Wares whatfoever, laid, placed or expofed to be whitened, bowked, bleached, or dried in any fuch whitening, bowking, bleaching or drying Croft, Lands, Fields, Grounds, Houfe?, Buildings or other Places, to the Value of tor. or buying or receiving any fuch Goods or Wares, knowing the fame to be ftolen, is Felony without Clergy.— %ir if the Judge or Court, from the Circum-fiances of the Cafe, fhould think the Prifoner deferves Lenity, they may order him to betranf-ported. 4 Geo. 2. c. 16. Jeff. 1. f-vnjn^	26.	Marrying a fecond Hufband or Wife, the

b	former	HuPoand or Wife being alive, is Felony

with Clergy j uniefs the former Hufband or Wife fhall be continually remaining beyond the Seas for feven Years, or fhall abfent him or herlelf from the other for feven Years, the one of them not knowing the other to be Jiving within that Time. 1 jac. c. 11. fc£t. 2, 3.

Qi’.s.

$82

Cutting, {polling, &c. the Cloathsofany Perfon in the Streets or Highways.

Taking Rewards for helping to itolen Goods.

Breaking Pri-fon.

Affilling Pri-foners to Ef-cape.

Conveying Arms or Dif-guife.

ExfraBs from the Penal Laws.

Efcape From the Perfon or Perfon contrafled with for their Tranfportation, or their Afligns, is Felony without Clergy. 6 Geo. i. c. 23. feS. 5.

30.	Wilfully and malicioully affaulting any Perfon in the public Streets or Highways, with an Intent to tear, fpoil, cur, burn or deface, and tearing, fpoiling, cutting, burning or defacing the Garments or Cloaths of fuch Perfon is Felony, and fuch Offenders may be tranfported for feven Years. 6 Geo. 1. c. 23. Jett. 11.

31.	Taking Rewards for helping to ftolen Goods, unlefs they caufe the Felon to be brought to Trial, is Felony. 4 Geo. 1. c. 11. ftfl. 4 See Page 244.

32.	Concerning Prifoners which break Prifon,

our Lord the King willeth and commandeth, That none from henceforth that breaketh Prifin, fhall have Judgment of Life or Member for breaking of Prilon only, except the Caufe for which he was taken and imprifoned did require fuch Judgment, if he had been convift thereupon according to the Law and Cuftom of the Ream, albeit in Times paft it hath been ufed other wife.	1 Edzv. 2. c. 2.

33.	Aiding or afiifting any Prifoner to at-

tempt to make his or her Efcape from any Gaol -, or conveying or caufing to be conveyed into any Gaol or Prifon, any Vizor, or other Difguife, or any Inflrument or Arms proper to facilitate the Efcape of Prifoners; and delivering or caufing the fame to be delivered to any fuch Prifoner in any fuch Gaol, or to any other Perfon there, for the Ufe of any fuch Prifoner, without the Confent or Privity of the Keeper or under Keeper of fuch Gaol, although no Efcape be actually madcj in Cafe fuch Prifoner then was ar-a	tainted

ExtraBsfrom the Penal Laws.	283

tainted or convidted of Treafon, or any Felony, except petty Larceny, expreffed in the Warrant of Commitment or Detainer, is Felony, and the Offender fhall be tranfported for feven Years; and in Cafe fuch Prifoner then was convi&ed of, committed to, or detained in any Gaol for petty.

Larceny, or any other Crime, not being Treafon or Felony, expreffed in the Warrant of Com- t mitment or Detainer, or then was in Gaol upon any Procefs whatfoever, for any Deht, Dama- „ ges, Cofts, Sum or Sums of Money, amounting in the whole to tool, it is then a Mifdemea-nor, and the Offender liable to a Fine and Im-prifonmenc. 16 Geo. 2. c. 31. feff. 1, 2.

34.	Aiding or affifting any Prifoner to at- Refcu;ng tempt to make his Efcape from the Cuftody ofbns from any Conftable, Tythingman, Headborough or Conttables. other Officer or Perfon who fhall then have the

lawful Charge of fuch Prifoner, in order to carry him to Gaol by virtue of a Warrant of Commitment for Treafon or any Felony (except petty Larceny) expreffed in fuch Warrant; or being aiding or affifting to any Felon to attempt to make his Efcape from on board any Boat, Ship or Yeffel, carrying Felons for Tranfportation, or from the Contractor for the Tranfportation of Felons, his Affigns or Agents, or any other Perfon to whom fuch Felon fhall have been lawfully delivered in order for Tranfportation, is Felony, and the Punifhment Tranfportation for feven Years. 16 Geo. 2. c. 31. fe£i. 3.

35.	If any Perfon or Perfons being armed withoflbncesmacle Swords, Fire-Arms, or other offenfive Weapons, capital l>y the and having his or their Faces blacked, or other-

wife difguifed, fhall (1). appear in any Foreft,

Chace, Park, Paddock, or Grounds enclofccl

with

285

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

threatening to kill or murder any of his MajeL ty’s Subjefts, or to burn their Houfes, Qut-Houfes, Barns, Stacks of Corn or Grain, Hay or Straw, 27 Geo. 2. c. 15.] or (14). (hall forcibly refcue any Perfon being lawfully in Cuftody of any Officer or other Perfon, for any of the faid Offences; or (15). (hall by Gift or Promife of Money, or other Reward, procure any of his Majefty’s Subjects to join him or them in any iiich unlawful Aft; or (16). fhall unlawfully and malicioufly break down, or cut down the Bank of any River, or any Sea Bank, whereby any Lands fhall be overflowed and damaged ; or (17)- (hall unlawfully and malicioufly cut any Hop-Binds growing on Poles in any Plantation of Hops; or (18.) (hall wilfully and malicioufly fee on Fire, orcaufe to be fet on Fire, any Mine, Pit, or .Delph of Coal, or Cannel Coal; every fuch Perfon fo offending, (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy. 9 Geo. c. 22. commonly called the Black Adi: And 6 Geo. 2. c.

37. and 10 Geo. 2. c. 32. which are incorporated with it.

36.	Stealing, ripping, cutting or breaking, StealingLead, with Intent to fteal any Lead, Iron-Bar, Iron- Iron-Bars,&c. Gate, Iron-Palifadoe or Iron-Rail whatfoever, f}xe^ t0 ^ou~ being fixed to any Dwelling-Houfe, Out-Houfe, ‘

Coach-Houfe, Stable or other Building ufed or occupied with fuch Dwelling-Houfe, or thereunto belonging, or to any other Building whatfoever, or fixed in any Garden, Orchard, Court-Yard, Fence or Outlet, belonging to any Dwelling-Houfe or other Building; or aiding, abetting or aflifting in any of the above Offences; or buying or receiving any fuch Lead, Iron, &c. knpwing the fame to be flolcn, is Felony, and

the

2

Extracts from the Penal Laws. and Lambs, as well as Sheep, and to no other Cattle whatfoever. 15 Geo. 2. c. 34.

. Obs. There are in this Metropolis, a Number of Perfsns who make it their Bufmefs to Jleal Dogs that are kept either for Ufe or Pleafure, and as it is diffictdt to recover fuch Dogs and punifh fuch Offenders, this not being Felony, it is recommended to Dog Steal-all Per fans to put Brafs or Steel Collars on their ™g-Dogs Necks, with the Name and Place of Abode of thdr Owners, and to foften them with a Padlock % for the ftea'ing fuch'Collars being Felony, it will facilitate the punifhing of the Offender, and the Dog, when found, is recoverable by Action.

The 1 ft of Hawkins, p. 93. fe£i. 23. fays, touching this Matter, That to conftiiute a Felony—

“ They ought not to be Things of a bafe Nature,

“ as Dogs, Cals, Bears, Foxes, Monkeys, Fer-“ rets, and the like but the ftealing of Hawks, Stealing “ knowing them to be reclaimed, is Felony, both Hawks.

“ by the Common Law, and by the Statute of 37 “ Edw. 3. c. 19.”

40. If any Perfon or Perfons having at any imbezzling Time the Charge or Cuftody of any Armour, King’s Arms, Ordnance, Munition, Shot, Powder or Habili- Amunmon ments of War, or of Victuals provided for the anli Store9' victualling of any Soldiers, Gunners Mariners, or Pioneers, (hall, for any Lucre or Gain, or wittingly, advifedly, and of Purpofe, to hinder or impeach her Majefty’s Service, imbezzle, purloin or convey away any of the fame Armour,

Ordnance, Munition, Shot or Powder, Habiliment.'! of War, or Vidtuals, to the Value of 20s. at one or feveral Times, they fhall be adjudged

Felons, and fufFer as in Cafes of Felony.-----------

■Profccution to be within the Year. 31 Eliz. c- 4-

41. All

288	Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Acknowledg- 41. All and every Perfon and Perfons who fhali -ngifaw &C’ acknowledge, or procure to be acknowledged, of another116 any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries’ without their Deed or Deeds inrolled. Statute or Statutes, Re* Confent. cognizance or Recognizances, Bail or Bails, Judgment or Judgments, in the Name or Names ‘ of any other Perfon or Perfons not privy or con-fenting to the fame, (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. But this not to extend to Attornies acknowledging Judg* ments, &c. for their Clients. 21 Jac. 1. c. 26. Officers of the 42. If any Officer or Servant of the Gover* Brnk MbeZ’ nor an<^ ComPany of the Bank of England, be-or other°E{- ing entrufted with any Note, Bill, Dividend-fefts. Warrant, Bond, Deed, or any Security, Money, or other EfFedts belonging to the faid Company ; or having any Bill, Dividend-Warrant, Bond, Deed, or any Security or EfFedts of any . other Perfon depofited with the faid Company, or with him as an Officer or Servant of the faid Company, fhali fecrete, imbezzle or run away with any fuch EfFedts as aforefaid, or any Part of them ; every fuch Officer or Servant fo offending, fhali fuffer Death, on Convidtion, without Benefit of Clergy. 15 Geo 2. c. 13. Jett. 12.

Breaking into 43. The i2th of Geo. x. c. 34.feti. 7. en*: a Shop to cut a(cj.Sj That if any Perfon or Perfons fhali by Day

other Woollen01" by Night, break into any Houfe or Shop,, Goods. with Intent to cut or deftroy any Serge or other Woollen Goods, in the Loom or any Tools employed in the Making thereof, or fhali wilfully and malicioufly cut or deftroy any fuch Serges or Woollen Goods, in the Loom or on the Rack; or fhali burn, cut or deftroy any. Rack on which any fuch Serges or Woollen 8	Goods

290

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

the Kingdom, and wilfully and malicioufly break, cut, feparate or deftroy the fame, or any Part thereof, or the Harnefs of the Horfes drawing the fame, or unlawfully take off, drive away, kill or wound any of fuch Horfes, or unlawfully beat or wound the Driver or Drivers thereof, in order to Hop the fame, or fhall, by cutting of the Sacks, or otherwife, fcatter or throw abroad fuch Wheat, &c. or fhall take or carry away, fpoil or damage the fame, or any Part thereof; every fuch Offender fhall, on Conviction, fuffer Imprifonment, and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three, nor lefs than one Month, and to be once publiekly whipped; and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall be guilty of a fecond Offence, or fhall wilfully and malicioufly pull, throw down, or otherwife deftroy any Store Houfe or Granary, or other Place where Corn fhall be then kept in order to be exported j or fhall unlawfully enter any fuch Store-Houfe, Granary or other Place, and-take and carry away any Corn, Flour, Meal, or Grain therefrom, or fhall throw abroad or fpoil the fame, or any Part thereof; or fhall unlawfully enter on board any Ship, Barge, Boat or Veffel, and fhali wilfully and malicioufly take or in Veffel?, and carry away, call, or throw out therefrom, or otherwife fpoil or damage any fuch Meal, Flour or Grain therein, intended for Exportation, every fuch Offender fhali be adjudged guilty of Felony, and be tranfported for the Space of feven Years.

Smug'fc, 46* "Fhe cjtL of Geo. 2. c. 35. ena&s, That Perfons, two or more in Number, aflembled and armed with Fire-Arms, &c. to be aflifting in running, landing or carrying away uncuftomcd

2.	Goods;

- 291

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Goods; or found paffing within five Miles from the Sea-Coafts with any Horfes, whereon fhall be more than fix Pounds of Tea, or five Gallons of Brandy, &c. landed without Entry, and that obftrudt or aflault any Officer of the Cuftoms; or who fhall wound or beat fuch Officers on board any Ship or Boat, &c. fhall be

guilty of Felony, and tranfported.---------And

Perfons taking the Benefit of this Adt for any Offence for which they were liable to be transported, and fhall afterwards be convicted of the like Offence, fhall be adjudged guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

47.	By 11 Geo. 2. c. 26. fe£t. 2. it is en- RefcringOf-adted, That if any Perfons, to the Number offenders, or five or more, fhall, in a tumultuous and riotous Cubing In-Manner affemble themfelves to refcue any Of- ^^^he Refender or Offenders againft the Adt of 9 Geo. 2. failed of Spi-c. 23.—or to affaulr, beat or wound any Perfon muons Li-or Perfons who fhall have given or be about to ^ors '’''“I10111 give any Information or Evidence againft, orLlcence-fhall have difcovered or given Evidence againft,

or be about to difcover or give Evidence againft, feize or bring to Juftice any Perfon or Perfons offending againft the faid Adt; all and every9ge0 2 c; Perfon and Perfons fo aflembling themfelves, 23. their Aiders and Abettors, fhall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and be tranfported for feven Years.

48.	The 3d of Hen. 7. c. 14. enadts, That„ .... Conspiracy or Imagination, though by Wordskin^hexlg0 only, to kill the King, or any of the King’s or any of the Council, or any Lord of the Realm, &c. within Hotilhold. the Kings Houfhold is Felony, the Offenders being thereof convidled by twelve of the faid Houfhold before the Lord Steward.

U 2

The

292

- Extra Sis from the Penal Laws:

Horfe-Steal- 49. The 2 C? 3 of Edw. 6. c. 33. enadls, inS-	That	all and lingular Perfon and Perfons felo-

nioufly taking or Healing any Horfe, Gelding or Mare, fhall be adjudged guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

Carrying 50. The 3d of H. 7. c. 2. ena&s, That Per-man^ainft" ^ons ta^*ng away any Woman againft her Will, her Will and unlawfully, that is to fay. Maid, Widow or marrying her. Wife, fuch taking, procuring and abetting to the fame, and alfo receiving wittingly the fame Woman fo taken againft her Will, and knowing the fame, and Receitors knowing the faid Offence in Form aforefaid, fhall be adjudged guilty of Felony.

PickingPock. 51. The 8th of Eliz. c. 4. feft. 2. enafts, ets, or pri- That no Perfon or Perfons which fhall happen vately fteahng tQ be jndicted or appealed for felonious taking fan? e £r °f any Money, Goods or Chattels, from the Perfon of any other, privily without his Knowledge, in any Place whatfoever, and found guilty of the faid Offence, of confefs the fame on his or their Arraignment, or will not anfwer direftiy to the fame according to the Laws of the Realm, or fhall ftand wilfully or of Malice or obftinately mute, or fhall challenge peremptorily above the Number of twenty, or fhall be upon fuch In-didment or Appeal outlawed, fhall not be admitted to the Benefit of Clergy, but utterly be excluded thereof.

Pirates.	52.	The 1 \tb & xUb of W. 3. c. 7. enafts,

That any Perfon or Perfons, not onlyfetting out Pirates, but either afiifting or advifing any Piracy, or receiving or concealing any Pirate, &c. fhall be guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

And

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.	295

Felony, and the Offenders therein to fuffer as other Felons.

59. The 25 Geo. 2. c. 10. enatffs, That the Stealing of breaking or forcibly entering into any Black- Black Lead Lead Mines, with Intent to fteal any Part there- che of, or affifting or hiring any Perfon fo to do, or buying or receiving of Black-Lead knowing it to be ftolen is Felony, and the Offenders therein may be tranfported as other Felons.

- 60. Counterfeiting the King’s great or Privy Counterfeit-Seal, or his Money, or bringing falfe Money 5ngthe Coin into this Realm counterfeit to the Money of or the Kin England, as the Money called Luf burgh, or Great or Privy other like to the faid Money of England^ know- Seal, ing the Money to be falfe to Merchandize, or make Payment in Deceit of our faid Lord the	fa!'e

King and of his People, is High-Treafon. 25 the Realm? Edw. 3. Stat. 5. c. 2.

61.	Falfely forging or counterfeiting any fuch Counterfeit-Kind of Coin of Gold or Silver as is not the ing the Fo-proper Coin of this Realm, and is or fhall be relSn c?in'. current within this Realm, by the Confent of Kingdom,or* the Queen, her Heirs and Succeffors ; or falfly thc King’s forging or counterfeiting the Queen’s Sign Ma- Sign Manual, nual, Privy-Signet or Privy-Seal •, fuch Offend- &c-

ers, their Counlellors, Procurers, Aiders, and Abettors fhall be guilty of High-Treafon. 1 Mary, SeJJ. 2. c. 6.

62.	Clipping, wafhing, rounding or filing, clipping,

for wicked Lucre or Gain’s Sake, of any the walking/ proper Monies or Coins of this Realm, or the rounding or Dominions thereof, or of the Monies or Coins	air~

of any other Realm, allowed and fuffered to be rcnt °nt^‘ current within this Realm, or the Dominions thereof, at this prefent, or that hereafter at any

Time fhall be, the lawful Monies or Coins of

U 4	this

296

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

this Realm, or of the Dominions thereof, or of any other Realm, and by Proclamation allowed and fuffered to be current here, by the Queen’s Majefty, her Heirs and Succtflors, is Treafon. 5 Eliz. c. 11./ 2. which is enforced by the following Words, viz.

That if any Perfons for wicked Lucre or Gain’s Sake, by any Art, Ways or Means whatfoever, fhall impair, diminifh, falfify, fcale or lighten any of the above Coins, their Counfellors, Con-fenters and Aiders fhall be likewife deemed and adjudged as Offenders in Treafon. 18 Eliz. c. 1. No Smith Src. 63. No Smith, Engraver, Founder, or other except em- Perfon or Perfons whatfoever (other than except ployed in the the Perfons employed or to be employed in his Mint, &c. Majefty’s Mint or Mints in the Tower of London, mentTany °r or elk where, and for the Ufe and Service of the Dye, &c. to Lid Mints only, or Perfons lawfully authorized fhmpany by the Lords Commifiioners of the Treafury, o^Goldor10 or ^or{^ Treafurer of England for the Time Silver nor being) fhall knowingly make or mend, or begin make any or proceed to make or mend, or afiift in the Edging Tool, making or mending of any Puncheon, Counter-&c. n°r Com-puncheon, Matrix, Stamp, Dye, Pattern, or Cutting En-r Mould of Steel, Iron, Silver, or other Metal gine. & or Metals, or of Spaud, or fine Founders, Earth or Sand, or of any other Materials what’-foever, .in or upon which there fhall be, or be made, or imprefled, or which will make or im-prefs the Figure, Stamp, Refemblancc, or Similitude of both or either of the Sides or Plats of any Gold or Silver Coin, current within this Kingdom ; nor fhall knowingly make or mend, or begin or proceed to make or mend, or afiift in the making or inending of any Edger or Edging Tool, Inflrumenc or Engine, not of

com-

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	297

common Ufe in any Trade, but contrived for making of Money round the Edges with Letters,

Grainings or other Marks or Figures, refembling thofe on the Edges of Money coined in his Ma-jefty’s Mint; nor any Prefs for Coinage, nor any Cutting Engine, for cutting round Blanks by Force of a Screw, out of flatted Bars of Gold, Silver or other Metal; nor fhall know-' ingly buy or fell, hide or conceal, or without lawful Authority, or Tufficient Excufe for that Purpofe, knowingly have in his, her, or their Houfes, Cuftody or Pofleffion, any fiich Puncheon, Counter Puncheon, Matrix, Stamp, Dye, offenders Edger, Cutting Engine, or other Tool or In- &c. guilty of (Irument before-mentioned, under Pain of being High-Treafea adjudged guilty of High Treafon, and fuffering“nd^h-Affcr accordingly. 8 & 9 W. 3. c. 26. fell. 1.	ea£	‘

64.	That if any Perfon or Perfons whatfo- Perfons con-ever fhall, without lawful Authority for that v^ins-out Purpofe, wittingly or knowingly _ convey, or phueac^ affift in the conveying out of his Majefty’s Mints and conceal" in the Tower of London, or out of any other ofing the fame his Majefty’s Mints, any Puncheon, Counter-gulIty°fHigl> Puncheon, Matrix, Dye, Stamp, Edger, Cut- rcaon*

Ting Engine, Prefs or other Tool, Engine or Inftrument ufed for or about the Coining of

Monies there, or any ufeful Part of fuch Tools or Inllruments: The Offenders, their Counfel-lors. Procurers, Aiders or Abetters, as alfo all and every Perfon and Perfons knowingly receiving, hiding or concealing the fame, are hereby adjudged guilty of High Treafon. 8E?

9	3‘ c•	fe£I. 2.	Lilcc Penalty

65.	That if any Perfon or Perfons (other than or> Perfons the Perfons employed in his Majefty’s Mint or marking the Mints, or fuch as fhall have lawful Authority c0\fnterfcicany

as Coin.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	299,

ed with Silver, or fhall knowingly or ftaudu- Silver, &c. o1 lpntlv buy or fell or offer to Sale any malleable takl.nS or

j	.	r	tut	1	^	-n	/!•	1	paying	couri-

Compofinon, or mixture of Metal or Minerals, ferfeit milled which fhall be heavier than Silver, and look and Money, &c. touch and wear like Standard Gold, but be manifeftly worfe; or fhall take, receive, pay, or put off any counterfeit milled Money, or any milled Money whatfoever, unlawfully dimihifh-ed, and not cut in Pieces, at or for a lower Rate or Value than the lame by its Denomination doth or fhall import, or was coined or counterfeited for; that then all and every fuch Perfon and Perfons fhall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and being convi&ed of the fame, fhall fuffer Death, as in Cafe of Felony. 8 & 9 W. 3. c. 26. f. 6. Profecucion to be commenced within three Months. Made perpetual by 7 Anne, c. ?-5.f 3. And by f. 2. the Makers and Menders of Tools to be profecuted within fix Months.

68. That if any Perfon whatfoever fhall wafh, High-gild or colour any of the lawful Silver Coin call-Treafon to ed a Shilling or a Sixpence, or any counterfeit falfe Shilling or Six-Pence, or add to, or alter the Impreffion, or any Part of the Impreffion, of either Side of fuch lawful or counterfeit Shilling or Six-Pence, with Intent to make fuch Shilling refemble or look like, or pafs for, a Piece of lawful Gold Coin, called a Guinea, or with Intent to make fuch Six-Pence refemble, &c, a piece of lawful Gold Coin called an Half-Guinea, or fhall file, or anywife alter, walk or colour any of the Brafs Monies called Plaifpennics or Farthings, or add to or alter the Impreffion, or any Part of the Impreffion of either Side of any Halfpenny or Farthing, with Intent to make an

Halfpenny

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	30	r

Offence are guilty of Felony without Benefit of Subfequent Clergy. 15 Geo. 2. c. 28./. 3.	r

71.	That if any Perfon whatfoever fhall make, q0™J’s ofc‘ coin or counterfeit, any Brafs or Copper Money, CoppC" 0 commonly called a Flalfpenny or a Farthing, Money to be fuch Perfons, their Aiders, Abettors, and Pro-ImPril‘°ned curers, {ball, on Convidtion, fuffer two Yearstwo Years* Imprifonment, and find Sureties for their good Behaviour for two Years more. 15 Geo. 2.

c. 28. / 6.

72.	That if any Perfon or Perfons falfly forge The Penalty or counterfeit any fuch Kind of Coin of Gold or of forging of Silver, as is not the proper Coin of this Realm, notnth^hMo1S or permitted to be current within this Realm,ney 0fth;s’ every fuch Offence fhall be deemed Mifprifion Realm, nor of High-Treafon, and the Offenders, their current there-Procurers, Aiders, and Abettors, fhall, on in‘ Conviftion, be imprifoned and forfeit fuch

Lands, Goods, and Chattels, as in Cafes of Mifprifion of Treafon, for Concealment of High-Treafon. 14 Eliz.c. 3.

73.	That if any Perfon whatfoever fhall buy Punilbment or fell, and knowingly have in his Cuftody or|°r bu>PJSor Poffefllon, any Clippings or Filings of the cur- &c]p~ rent Coin of this Kingdom : He fhall, for every ^ 0 ’

fuch Offence, forfeit the faid Clippings or Filings, and alfo the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and be branded in the Cheek.

By the 6 & 7 of IV. 3. c. 17. / 4. where Bullion is particularly treated on.

74.	By 11 Geo. 1. c. 29. f 6. it is ena&ed, Wi!f-U|j dc_ That if any Owner of, or Captain, Maftcr, ftroyingships-Oflicer, or Mariner, belonging to any Ship or

Veffel, fliall wilfully caff away, burn, or orher-wife deftroy the Ship or Vdlel of which he is

Owner,

302	Extracts	from	the	Penal	Laws.

Owner, or to which he belongeth ; or in any-wife direft or procure the fame to be done, with ^•vrr^ Intent or Defign to prejudice any Perfon or Per-•/'*$• f°ns, that hath, or fhall underwrite any Policy \h	or Policies of Infurance thereon, or of any Mer-

’ v	chant or Merchants that {hall load Goods there-

on, or of any Owner or Owners of fuch Ship or Veffel, the Offender or Offenders {hall fuffer Death without Clergy.

MakingHofes 75* And the i2 Anne, Slat. 2. c. 18. / 5, in the ship, enadts, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall make, &c. Felony. Qr be affifting in the making any Hole in the Bottom, Side, or any other Part of any Ship or Velfel in Diftrefs, or fhall ileal any Pump belonging to any Ship or Velfel fo in Diftrefs, cr fhall be aiding or abetting in the Healing, fuch Pump as aforefaid j or {hall wilfully do any Thing tending to the immediate Lofs or Dt-flrudlion of fuch Ship or Velfel, fuch Perfon or Perfons {hall be guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

Perfons con-	76. By 26 Geo. 2. c. 19.1. it is enadled,

vided of	That if any Perfon or Perfons {hall plunder,

Plundering Heal, take away or deftroy, any Goods or Mer-rP7eC& chandize, or other Effedts, from or belonging to any Ship or Veffel of his Majefty’s Subjefts or others, which fhall be in Diftrefs, or which or obftruftlng {Ball Be wrecked, loft, flranded or cad on Shore, the Efcape of in any Part of his Majefty’s Dominions (whe-nny Perfon ther any living Creature be on Board fuch Velfel

wreT^'or of 01 not) or any ^ie Furniture, Tackle, Ap* putting out parel, Provifion, or Part of fuch Ship or Veffel, inlfi; Lights, or fhall beat or wound, with Intent to kill or Death with- clcftroy, or fliall otherwife wilfully obftrudt the out C ng). Jffcapc of any Perfon endeavouring to fave his or her Life, from fuch Ship or Veffel, or the

Wreck

3©4	Extracts from the Venal Lanas.

Perfons af- 79. And this Statute farther enadts, That if iaultmg a Juf-any Sheriff, or his Deputy, Juftice of the Officer °upon Peace, Mayor, or other Magi ft rate. Coroner, their Duty, to Lord of a Manor, Commiffioner of the Land-betranfported Tax, Chief Conftable or Petty Conftable, or forfeven other Peace Officer, or any Cuftom-Houfe or ears. Excife Officer, or other Perfon lawfully authorized, ffiall be affaulted, beaten or wounded, for, or on Account of, the Exercife of his or their Duty, in or concerning the Salvage or Prefervation of any Ship or Veffel in Diftrefs; or of any Ship or Veffel, Goods or Effefts, ftranded, wrecked, or caft on Shore, or lying under Water, -in any of his Majefty’s Dominions ; any Perfon or Perfons, fo affauldng any Magiftrate, or fuch other Perfon as afore-faid, fhall, on Conviftion, be tranfported for the Term of Seven Years. Se£i. n.

Perfonsafting gQ> And jc js a|f0 farther enadted, That if

Ordere^for- at t^ie afl'embling of any Number of Perfons, feit 51.’ to fave any Ship, Veffel, Goods or Effects as aforefaid, any Perfon or Perfons fhall not conform to the Orders of any Owner or Manager of fuch Ship or Veffel, or to the Orders of fuch Magiftrates, or other Officers as aforefaid, as fhall be then prefenr, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending fhall forfeit Five Pounds, to be levied by Diftrefs, and for want of Diftrefs to be committed for any Time not exceeding three Months. Seft. 13.

Rewards

Extracts from the Eenal haws.

3 °5-

Rewards for apprehending and profecuting Felons.

So. By 4 W. id M. c. S.fe£i. 2. it is enadted.

That all and every Perfon or Perfons, who (hall apprehend and take one or more Thieves and Apprehend-Robbers, and profecute him or them To appre- la"^°Hj°^bers hended or taken, until he or they be convidted waymcn. of any Robbery committed in or upon any Highway, Pafiage, Field, or open Place, fhall have.By 6 Geo. 1. and receive from the Sheriff or Sheriffs of thec- z3- Se&- 8-County where fuch Robbery and Convidtion fliall L^ndonand0^ be made and done, without paying any Fee for wdtminfler, the fame, for every fuch Offender fo convidted and other Ci-the Sum of 40/. within one Month after fuch tlcs> Towns Convidtion, and Demand thereof made, on Pain^ndplaf??-of forfeiting double the Sum.	ways? 2

81. And by the fame Statute it is farther enadted,

That every Perfon or Perfons, who (hall take, Horf"e and apprehend, profecute, or convidt fuch Robber or Robbers, as aforefaid, as a further Reward prchender. fhall have and enjoy, to his and their proper Ufe and Behoof, the Horfe, Furniture and Arms,

Money, or other Goods of the faid Robber or Robbers, that fhall be taken with him or them, any their Majefties Right or Title, Bodies politick, or corporate, or the Right and Title thereunto of the Lord of any Manor, Liberty, or Franchife, or of him or them lending or letting the fame to Hire, to any fuch Robber or Robbers, in any wife notwithftanding : Provided always, that this Claufe fliall not be conftmed to extend to take away the Right of any Perfon or Perfons to fuch Horfes, Furniture and Arms,

X	Money,

3 °7

ExtraSls from the Penal Laws.

or other Perfon, killed in Purfuitof Houfe-break-ers, his Executor, &c. intitled to the like Sum of 40/. Sett. 2.

84. By iO fc? II W. %. c. 2^. fetl. 2. it isApprehend-enadted, That all Perfons, who fhall apprehend ingPerfonsfor and take any Perfon guilty of any the Felonies vf^ely^to^the mentioned in the Margin, and profecute him, Value of 5 s. her, or them, to Convidlion, fhall have forth-in any Shop, with as a Reward, after every fuch Conviftion, W~re'Aoufe a Certificate under the Hand or Hands of the teh’e Judge, Juftice or Juftices, before whom fuch Con- fame° be not viftion fliall be had ; and fuch Certificate may be broke open,or once affigned over, and no more-, and original^or ^orfc: Proprietor of fuch Certificate, or the Aflignee	"

of the fame, whomfoever of them fhall have the Certificate, Intereft therein, by Virtue thereof, and of this commonly Aft, fhall and may be difcharged of and from all, “iIcd “ and all Manner of Parifh and Ward Offices, with- orTconviftion in the Parifh or Wards, wherein fuch Felony fhall of fuch Of-be committed; the faid Certificate to be'inrol- fenders, led by the Clerk of the Peace of the County where the fame was granted, and to have for his Fee one Shilling and no more ; and the faid Certificate fhall not be affigned over, after it has been made ufe of, to exempt any Perfon from Parifh Offices; and the Executors of Perfons Executors of flain in apprehending any of the faid Felons, f,f op fhall have the fame Sort of Certificate, without fenders in-Fee or Reward ; and all Doubts and Difputes, tided to Correlating to the Right of fuch Certificate, to be t‘^catt'-decided by the Judges, or JuIbices, before whom fuch Offender, or Offenders, fliall be convifted.

Set}. 4.	.	■

85. By 14 Geo. 2. c. 6. feti. ii. it is enafted.

That all Perfons, who fliall apprehend and pro-fecute to Convidlion, any Perfon for Healing and.

^	X	2	driving

308	Ext raffs from the Tend Laws.

Reward for driving away, or killing with an Intention to

taking and	the

whole or any Fart of one or more Sheep-Steal- Sheep, or for affifting and aiding therein, fhali ers, 10I. have and receive, as a Reward upon every fuch Convidlion, the Sum of 10/. to be paid by the Sheriff of the County, within one Month after fuch refpedtive Convidlion, without any Deduction whatfoever.

Extended to 86. And by 15 Geo. 2. c. 34. the faid Reward' Balls, Cows, js extended to Perfons apprehending thofe con-

Lambs,	^eakng any Bull, Cow, Ox, Steer,

Bullock, Heiffer, Calf, or Lamb, as well as Sheep.

40!. Reward 87. By 6 Geo. 1. c. 23. feff. 9. it is enadted, for appre- That whoever fhali difeover, apprehend and pro-fons convifte"d*"ecute> t0 Convidlion of Felony without Benefit of receiving of Clergy, any Perfon or Perfons, for the Of-•Money to help fence of taking Money or other Reward, di-Perfonsto redtly or indirectly, to help any Perfon or Per-Goodj.t0 £n f°ns t0 ^°len Goods (fuch Offender not having apprehended the Felon who dole the fame, and brought him or her to Trial for the fame, and given Evidence againft him or her as required by Law) fhali be intitled to a Reward of 40/. on Convidtion of every fuch Offender.

Rewards for taking Comers, &c.

Perfons taking 88. By 6 £s? 7 W. 3. c. 17. feft. 9. it is enadt-andconvitt- ed. That all and every Perfon and Perfons, who ing Clippers, fhali apprehend and take any Perfon or Perfons pjt0 1‘1VL who have counterfeited any of the current Coin of this Realm, or that for Lucre or Gain have -clipped, wafhed, -filed, or any ways diminiflieil the fame, or fhnl'l bring, or caufe to be brought

into

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

into this Kingdom, the Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, any dipt, falfe, or counterfeit Coin, and profecute fuch Perfon or Perfons to Convidion, (hall have and receive from the Sheriff where the Convidion fhall be made, the Sum of 40/. without paying any Fee for the fame, within one Month after Conviction, and Demand thereof made..

8g. By i$Geo. 2. c. 28. fett. 7. it is enaded, That whoever fhall apprehend any Perfon or Perfons guilty of wafhing, gilding or colouring, or altering the Imprelilon of any the lawful Silver Coin of this Kingdom, called a Shilling or a Sixpence, or any counterfeit Shilling or Sixpence, with Intent to make them look like, or pafs for, a Guinea or an half Guinea; or that lhall file, or any ways alter, wafh or colour, any of the Brafs Monies called Halfpennies or Farthings, or add to, or alter the Imprefiion, or any Part of the Imprefiion, of the fame, with Intent to make them look like, or pafs for, a lawful Shilling or a Sixpence, made HighTreafon by this Statute: or that fhall be guilty of knowingly uttering falfe Money (being the third Offence) or that fhall be guilty of uttering falfe Money, after they have been once convided of being a common Utterer of falfe Money, made Felony by this Statute-, or that fhall counterfeit any of the aforefaid Copper Money, and fhall profecute fuch Offender or Offenders to Convidion ; fuch Profecutor and hofecutors fhall have and receive, from the Sheiiff of the County where the Convidion fhall be made, for every Offender fo convided of any the Trealons or Felonies aforefaid, the Sum of 40/. and/or every Perfon convided of couterfeiting any of the fivd Copper X 3	Money,

3°9

Apprehenders of Perfons guilty of wafhing Silver, or Copper Coin, or of counterfeiting Copper Coin.

311

Extracts from the Penal Laws. any Burglary, or Felony, mentioned in the faid A&, fo as two or more of the Perfons difcovtred fhall be convifted, fuch Dilcoverer fhall him-felf have the Allowance of 40/. by this Aft given to Apprchenders, as well as all other Advantages allowed fuch Taker, and all'o intitled to his Majefty’s Pardon for all Burglaries, Robberies and Felonies (except Murder and Treafon).

93.	And by 10 $£? II W. 3. c. z^.feSt. 5. If Accomplices any Perfon or Perfons final] commit any Bur-J'n Burglaries, glary, or Robbery in any Shop, Ware-houfe, Robberiesln Coach-houfe, or Stable, and privately and ftlo-ho°£ess’ Co^ceh‘ nioudy fteal Goods thereout, to the Value of fivehoufes and Shillings or more, or fhall deal any Horfe, andSt^bles, and being out of Prifon, fhall difcover two or more”1 B*orfe-Reak Perfon or Perfons, who fhall have committed”1^'

any fuch Burglary, Horfe-flealing, or other Felony as aforefaid, and fhall be convifted thereof, or caufe to be difcovered and apprehended, two Perfons or more, who fhall be convifted as aforefaid, every fuch Difcoverer fhall have his Majefty’s mod gracious Pardon for all fuch Offences, as aforefaid, fo by him, her, or them committed, at any Time or Times before fuch Difcovery.

94.	By 6 & J offlK 3. c. l *]• feEl. 12. If any Accomplices Perfon or Perfons, being out of Prifon, fhall be in clipping, guilty of clipping, coining, counterfeiting, wafh- coining,coun-ing, filing, or otherwi'e diminifbing the Coin

this Realm, and afterwards difcover two or more &c. the’ Coin Perfons who have committed any of the faid of this King-Crimes, fo as two or more of the Perfons difco-dom* vcred fliall be convifted of the fame, fuch Difcoverer fhall himfelf have his Majefty’s moft gracious Pardon for all fuch Crimes, which he, or they4 have at any Time or Times committed before fuch Difcovery made; audit the Perfon making fuch X 4	Difcovery

Ex!raffs from the Penal Laws:	313.

commit any Felony, by Healing any Lead, Iron,

Copper, Brafs, Bell-metal cr Solder, and flialiLead-ftealers afterwards difcover two or more Perfons who““vj^wr8 lhall buy or receive any liolen Lead, Iron, Copper,pardoned. Brafs, Bell-metal or Solder, knowing the fame to be ftolen, fo as two or more of the Perfons dif-covered lhall be convidted of fuch buying or receiving, he, fhe, or they fo difcovering, (hall have his Majefty’s moft gracious Pardon.

57. And if any Perfon lhall be concerned inor conviaing the Healing any Ldad, Iron, Copper, Brafs,any of a Mif-Bell-metal or Solder, and lhall afterwards, beingdemeanor,dif-out of Prifon, difcover any Perfon to whompharr2fd/oin he, fhe, or they, lhall have offered to fell, pawn or deliver any fuch ftolen Lead, &c. fo that fuch Perfon be convicled of the Mifdemea-nor of not apprehending, fecuring and carrying him, her, or them, before a Jultice, that then the Perfon making fuch Difcovery Hi all not be liable to be profecuted for Healing the Lead,

Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-metal or Solder, fo offered as aforefaid. ScOi. 9.

, Obs. No’ivithftanding the Prcmifes of Fidelity which ’thieves and other Offenders make to cash other when formed into a Gang, daily Experience /hews, that when one of the Gang is apprehended, he con-family facrifices the rejl to fave himjelf and this too often happens to be the Ring-Fader and grent eft Offender, who by bullying and terrifiing the reft, prevents them, however they may repeat of their Pratliccs, from ini;caching bun, till he has an Opportunity, ly this mifplaced Confidence, of difeover-iog bis Companions to Us own Advantage. ; and as the above-mentioned Laics have humanely given fitch ample Encouragements to all Offenders to fiur-render thaufclvcs, it muff be Jor Want of Qmfule-

rution

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws, ration only, that they do not more frequently embrace this Indulgence; for there is a wide Difference between an Evidence for the Crown who furrenders himfelf and one who is admitted an Evidence after he is taken. 'The former is intitled to his Pardon by Law, the latter may be tried himfelf, even after he has convicted his Accomplices, if he has been guilty of Offences in more Counties than one. It is therefore earnefily recommended to thofe who are unhappy enough to be perjuaded into Vice, and to be threatened into the Continuation of it, to liften to the firfi Re-tnorfes of their Confcience, and give the rnoft unfeignei Earneft of their Penitence, by feparating from the Gang, and by privately furrendering themfelves to fame Magifirate, where they will always find Pro■ teSlion and Countenance, for that Fidelity which Thieves promife to each other is as wicked as it is weak.	'

Qbfervatiom on fome fuppofed Evils, not fuf-fciently provided for by Law.

Portugal Mo-ney.

Mails rob-bing.

1.	Coining Portugal Money is only Mifprilion of Treafon, and Punifhment Fine and Imprifon-ment; and diminifhing Portugal Coin is fcarce any Offence, none by any Statute, and indictable only as a Mifdemeanor or Fraud.—Obs. As this Coin is become fo common in this Kingdom, the counterfeiting or diminifhing it, as to the Injury of the Public, is almof as great as coining or diminifhing Guineas.

2.	If a Man fteals a Bag out of the Maii, or the whole Mail, or Bank Notes out of Letters (except in a Dwelling-houfe) by Artifice, and not by Violence and Robbery on the .Highway, it is only Simple Felony, though the Injury in both Cafes is the fame. The robbing of the Mails is

3*5

ExfraBs from the Penal Laws.

of fuch Confequence to the Public, and makes foch Confufion in Trade: Query, Should not thefe Offences be made Capital ? A fewYears ago Andrew Scott ftole the whole Portfmouth Mail oft a Horfe at a Door in Hammerfmith, for which he could only have been tranfported, had he not been convidted for Forgery _

3.	It is apprehended, that at prefent, no Per-WitnefTes

fon can be called out of Scotland to give Evi-from Scotland dence, in a criminal Cafe, in any of our Courts	u	’

of Juftice, by Virtue'of a Writ of Subpoena, orEng]and.

by Warrant from a Secretary of State, unlefs it be to give Evidence in Affairs of State; a great Inconvenience this, and may make Scotland a fafe Market for Thieves, and will enable them to fell what they fteal with Impunity there, as the Buyer may refufe to give Evidence in England.

William Page, the Highwayman, committed a Robbery in Middlefex in the Year 1757, and fold a Brace of Piftols he took in that Robbery, at Edinburgh: the Receiver of thefe Piftols could not be obliged, by Subpoena, or otherwife, to attend his Trial in Middlefex, though Lord Hol-derneffe, then Secretary of State, ufed all poffible Means for that Purpofe. Page was therefore acquitted.

4.	Bigamy, by the Laws now in Being, issignmy. Felony with Clergy.—Obs. It is a common Obfer-vation, that the Funifhments in England are very unequal to the Offences. How far this may be

true in general, 1 will not pretend to fay but I am very fare it is egregioujly fo in this In[lance : For I have not an Idea of a much higher Offence, either in its Nature or Conferences, than that of a Man's marrying feveral virtuous Women, at the fame fime, Jpending their Fortunes, expofmg them to

Shame,

Extratfs from the Penal Laws. doing their Duty to the Public*, but the Expence of fuch Profecutions being allowed out of the Penalty would remove the Evil, and render the Execution of thefe Laws more eafy.

7.	On the ift of January, 1761, a Man was Cutting detefted in malicioufly cutting the Cloaks and Cloaths. Gowns of feveral Women in the Gallery at Covent Garden Play-Houfe, and brought before me;

but by 6 Geo. 1. c. 23. the Punifhment for cutting of Apparel is confined to the Streets and Highways only.—Oes. If the Words, or ellewhere, were to he added to this Claufc, it would put a total Stop to this contemptible DiverJio?i of Bucks, as well as to a malicious Practice ufed by jome Footmen, who frequently cut and fpoil their Liveries, when their Mafters refufe to give ’em them.

8.	Wine Licences are at prefent granted by vyjneLi the Commiflioners of the Stamp-Office, indif-cences-criminately to all that apply for them, and without any Reftridtion whatever by the 30 Geo. 2.

c. 19. This puts it in the Power of the moll diforderly Perfons to keep a Species of Tavern or Publiclc Houfc, in Defiance of the Magiftrate, and is the chief Support (Robbery excepted) of the low and infamous Bawdy-Houfes. Query ^ Should not Perfons taking out Wine Licences either be obliged to produce proper Certificates of their fober Life and Converfation, from the Magiftrate in or-near the Parilh where they refide, or elfe to produce a Juftice of Peace’s Licence, as is done in the Cafe of felling Spirituous Liquors?

For by 16 Geo. 2. c. 8. it is cnadted, That no Licence for retailing Spirituous Liquors (hall be granted to any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, except to fuch Perfons only who fhall keep

T averns.

Extracts frotii the Penal Laws.	319,

efpecially from the Month to the Age of two Years, occafions the Lofs of an amazing Number of his Majefty’s Subjects yearly ; for the Party who takes the Child does it from the Motive of Intereft, not of Affedion, and to get any Thing by it from the prefent Price, Negled of, and ftarving the Infant mufl be the Confequence; for Infants are lefs capable of bearing Hardships than any other Animal-, and it is obfervable that Pariffi Children generally, die within the Year.

Would not the fixing a certain Price for fuch Nurfe-Children weekly, to the Age of two or three Years, by Law, remove this Evil j and fave many Lives ? and Half a Crown a Week inftead of Eighteen-Pence, would, in all Probability, anfw/er the Purpofe; and what is a Shilling a Week, when to be paid by a whole Parilh ?

12.	Barkers at Sale Shops are injurious to that Trade, and to the Subjed; the Clubs of Jews for buying Cloaths kept at different Parts of,the Town, makes the Difpofal of ftolen Goods eafy. ghiery, Should not a certain Place be appointed as a Market for this Purpofe?

Barkers are Perfons ufually employed by garj Salefmen in Monmouth-Street^ and Rofemary-Lane, who walkbefore the Doors ofthe Shops, and by. Artifice, and often by Force, oblige the unwary to enter into their Shops, which occafions much Impofition, and hurts the fair Trader.

13.	The Difficulty of profecuting thofe Rob-Portmanteaus bers who fteal Portmanteaus, &c. from behind foaling. Poft-Chaifes, Coaches, Waggons, Carts, &5Y.

and the Lenity of their Puniffiment, being only Tranfportation, encourages and encreafes this Gang, ghtery, If dealing to the Value of 40 s.

in

[ 321 3

t I

A

ON THE

OFFICE of Constable.

jto the High Conjiables and.. Vet it Conftables of the County of Middle-lex, and City and Liberty of Weft-minfter.

Gentlemen,

H E late Henry Fielding, who for fome Time executed the important Office of principal aCting Magiftrate for the County of Middlefex and City and Liberty of IVejlminjler, fo much to his own Honour and fo much to the Advantage of his Country, obferving from daily Experience the great Difficulties and Dangers to which the Peace Officers were expofed in the Execution of their Office, either from the defperate Behaviour of Felons, the Cunning of Cheats, or what is worfe than both, the Attacks of litigious Perfons under the Influence and Directions of

Y	'	the

322

A \Treatife bn the Office of Confiablc.

the lowed of Attornies, who are ready on all Occafions to point out any Irregularity committed by a Peace Officer, and to make their Advantage of it, to the Injury, nay, often to the Ruin of the Officer, refolved to draw up and publifh a plain and complete Account of the Office of Cofiftabie, which he Begun, but by a lingering Illnefs, which put a Period to his valuable Life, he was prevented from perfecting this ufeful Work ; and as ievefal Oonftables have of late fubjeded themfelves to Profecutions from Errors in their Judgment, I have carefully collected and revifed the Obfervations found among my Brother’s Manufcripts on this Sub-jed, and have made fuch Additions as may poffibly render the. Work more ufeful, though i ani. fty from offering it to the Public as a pe^feCt: Tr'fektife.; yet if it fhould be the Means in any RefpeCt of rendering the Office of Conftable more eafy and intelligible, or of preventing either Trouble to, or the Profecution of any Peace Officer, it will fully anfwer my Purpofe; for though. I am fenfible there are already very ufeful Trads of this 'Sort, yet I think they cannot have too many Guideh to direct tHferri, provided they arc fo perfed as hot to miflead, as their Office is- cffily for d Year, a T inie much too fhityt fob them to be thoroughly acquainted with the' Natufe bf their Duty. And here I nMt beg jLeiiVb to‘put ciibfe Gentlcnkh, who have die'Honour to be chofcn into this impdrtalit Office; in niiilcl 'of the Dignity and Cdhfeqtience of their Station ; for If die feveriil 'High Conffables are adive, diligerit hrid attentive in.thbir Duty, chrefill 1 y infitud, lin’d live in Hanrioiiy with the

Petit

A Treatife on the Office of Conjlahle.

Pecic Conftables, Peace and good Order mu ft enfue in this Metropolis. Conftables are feledt-cd from the Inhabitants as able and reputable Men to execute this Truft, which is not repofed in them, without their being firft bound by a folemn Oath well and truly to ferve the faid; Office* which though troublefome, and often dangerous, is very honourable. In Wcflminfier there are fourfcore Conftables; in the adjoining Parts of the County of Middlefex there are more thefe two Bodies united by Harmony, lengthened by a juft fenfe of their Duty, and well inftrudted, encouraged and fupported by the Magiftracy, become a formidable Body, fhews the Civil Power in its true and proper Light, and will ever be capable of fupprefiing Evils of the moft dangerous Nature. But nothing can conduce fo much to the preventing of Evils of every Kind arifing to any confiderable Height, as: the Care and Attention of each individual Conflable in his own Ward. Here he may ob-ferve Mifchiefs and Breaches of the Laws on their firft Appearance, and by proper Notices, friendly Perfuafions, neceffary Informations before the Magiftrate, or by Prefentment before the Grand Inqueft when he makes his Returns, which laft ought moft confcientioufiy to be done without Favour or Affedtion, he may flop the Evil in its Infancy, and prevent the Repetition of it from confirming it into Habit, when it will be more difficult, if not irnpofiible, to fupprefs it; for I fhould not do Jufticc, if I did not declare, that a great Number of Inhabitants, who have beefi fummoned before me for luffering Gaming and other Breaches of the Laws, the Moment they were Y 2	acquainted

A Treatife on the Office of Confahle. acquainted with the Illegality and evil Tendency of fuch their Pra&ices, immediately put a Stop to them without forcing the Magiftrate to the difagreable Neceffity ot executing a Penal Law. If a Conftable has a due Regard for Religion, the Oath he takes to do his Duty will have a proper Influence on his Conduct. If he confiders the Re-fpedt that is due to the Laws of his Country, he will never connive at the Breach of any of them; and if he executes his Office with Diligence, Candour and Humanity, he will fecure to him-felf. the Confidence of the People, ftrengthen his own Authority, and be efteemed a valuable, ufeful and worthy Member of Society. To which I (hall only beg Leave to add one Ob-fervation, that where Warrants are executed in this Metropolis, on Complaints of a trivial Nature, the Conftable fhould always give his Prifoner Time to bring fome of his Friends with him before the Magiftrate, as this may prevent the Malice of Profecutors; but where Cheats and Felons are apprehended, they fiiould be immediately carried before a Juftice of the Peace, as a Moment’s Delay may prevent Difcoveries of the greateft Confequpnce, and give Accomplices Time to fecrete themfelves and their ftolen Goods. And to prevent Efcapes and Refcues in the Streets, it is always prudent to put- fuch Prifoners into a Hackney Coach, the Expence of which 1 ffiall ever be ready to defray, and at all Times rejoice as well to give my Advice and Aflfjftance to any Peace Officer who ffiall think proper to afk it, as to furniffi him by Night or Day with every Degree of Protection in his Office the Laws of his Country intitle him to. Wifliing you therefore Harmony among your-

fclves,

A Treatife on the Office of Conjiable.

felves, Safety to your Perfons, and Security from Profecutions in the Execution of your refpe&ive Duties,

I am. Gentlemen,

Your fincere Friend,

And obedient humbie Servant,

JOHN FIELDING.

t 326 3

The Office Conftable.

Its Origin.

A

TREATISE

O N T H E

OFFICE of Constable,

of F’lin'^ H E Office of Conftable, whether we II agree with my Lord Coke in the Deri--JL vation of the "Word, or with the lefs honourable Etymology of Dr. Cowell, is certainly of great Antiquity in this Kingdom.

Anticntly there was a very high Officer of State, under the Denomination of the Lord Conftable,; and feveral other Officers there areat this Day who are fo called ; as the Conftable of theTower, fsV.but with fuch we concern not our-felves in this Treatife, in which we intend only to fpeak of thofe Officers, who are at prefent known by the Name of High and Petit Con-ftables.

Both thefe Officers were at common Lav/ in the Time of the Saxons. The beft Account of their original is given by Fincnx, in the Book of 12 II. 7. who makes them as old as the Divifion of Counties into Hundreds, and again of thefe Hundreds into Boroughs or Towns; over the

latter

•328

How chofen.

A ’Treatife on the Office of Conflable.

The Conftables of Hundreds, or the High Conftables, were at firft chofen and fworn as appears in the Sheriff’s Torn (a); but in the Time of Mr. Dalton, they were ufually chofen at the Seffions, or by the Majority of the Juftices of the Divifion, and were either fworn at the Seffions or by Warrant from the Seffions. A Caufe, he fays, which was often allowed and commended by the Judges of Affize (b).

And in the fame manner as they are chofen, they are upon fit Caufe to be removed from their Office (c).

The High Conftables, by their original In-ftitutions, were to take View of Armour twice every Year, and to prefent before the Juftices the-Defaults of Armour, of Watches, of Highways, and of Hue and Cries, and alfo fuch as lodged Strangers, for whom they could not an-fwer (d).

Conftables of Hundreds are compellable to attend- at the Affizes, and prefent Offenders upon Oath, but not fo at the Quarter-Seffions

(0-

By the Common Law, fays the Lord Coke, the Conftables are to be chofen at the Leet or Torn (/). In fome Books, it is faid, that the Conftables are to be chofen by the Sheriff; and in others by the Decennary ; but it is agreed, that he muft then be fworn into his Office by the Sheriff: But where there is a Court-Leer, this Power of chufing Conftables feems to belong to

(«) Dalt. c. 28. f. (^) Halt. c. 28.	(r) Dalt. c. 2?•

p/) Dalt. c. 28.	(c)	Dalt. c. 28. faid to have been fo refolved

by all the Judges of England. (/) 4 lull. 265.

the

329

rA T'‘eatife on the Office of Confable.

the Lord of that Leet-, and fuch, fays Mr. Hawkins, muft be underftood to have been the Sen fe of the Makers of that Statute in 13 & 14 Car. 2. (a)	^

Writers agree in giving to Juftices of Peace a Power to appoint a Conftable in Default of the Lord at his Leet, or of Che Sheriff at his Torn, before the Statute of 13	14	Car.	2.

And this Power feems to have the Sandtion of Time, though it may be, perhaps, difficult to fhew from what legal Authority it was at firft derived.

And not only when the Leet have failed to appoint a Conftable, but where unable or unfit Persons have been chofen, the Juftices of Peace have interfered and have removed them, (b) So if & Conftable die or remove out of the Parilh, and the Time of the Leet be far off, his Place is to be fupplied by the Seffions; and if they be not near, by the next Juftices.

This Jurifdidtion the Juftices exercifed at Common Law, but now the Statute (reciting that whereas the Laws and Statutes for the apprehending of Rogues and Vagabonds have not been duly executed, fometimes for Want of Officers, by Reafon Lords of Manors do not keep Court-Leets every Year for the making them) enadfs, That in cafe any Conftable, Head-borough or Tythingman, fhall die or go out of the Parifh, any two Juftices of the Peace may make and fwear a new Conftable, Headborough or Tythingman, till the faid Lord fhall hold a Court, or till the next Quarter-Seffions, who

(«) Hawk. P. C. b. z.c. 10. f. 37. (i) Dalt. c. 28.

fhall

A Treatife m the -Qffife of Conftatye, fhall approve (of the faid 'Officers fo n3ade.at\d fworn as afprefaid, .or appoint others as they fhall think fit. And ir any Officer ih^ll continue above a Year in his or their .Oi^ce, .that then ’in fetch cafe the Juftices of the Peace in their .Quarter-Seffions may difei^arge fuch Officers, and may put another fit P,er-fon in his or ^their PJace, till the Lord of the faid Manor ihall hold a Court as afore-faid.

And if in Default of holding Co urts-Lee t, they continue above a Year, they may be ,dif-charged at the Sefiions, and.others put.in (f ).

If Leets chopfe unable or unfit Petit Conftables, it is a good Caufe or the Forfeiture of the Leet. And upon a Complaint to the Affizes.or Selfionj;, -the Juftices of the Peace fhall fie authorized to . choofe new ones.

Since the Statute, therefore it is clear that two Juftices of Peace may, -in Defaultrof the Lord ; of the Leet, make and fwear a nevvCpnftable, Ac. Lut this ,is a fpecial Authority, and muft j?e ftridlly purfued ; and therefore an Order ,pf Sefiions, reciting a Complaint made by the Petit Conftables of A. that they had feryed aboye., a Year, and tbat at a Leetholden for the IVIappr of B- thefe Conftables with the Homage prefent-ed £>. E. F. G. four able Perfons Qf the Tovyn of A. in Order that two might be nominated, £ih. and that the Steward refufed to nominate them, &c. but continued the Complainants in their faid .Offices; and upon Examination of the faid Complainants upon Oath, the * *

pO Dalt.c. 28.

k

* I

Sefiions

332

A \Treatife'on the Office of Conflable,

Perfons qualified to be Conftables, are not ab» folutely excufed from taking upon themfelves that Office, by being of the Rank of Gentlemen (tho’ of Quality faith Dalton); nor will the Pro-feffion of a Phyflcian excufe them ; .yet, if there be other fufficient Perfons within the Diftrift, they will poffibly have Relief in the King's Bench: But a fworn Attorney of any Court in Wefimhn jler Hall may be difcharged by a- Writ of Privi-lege, even though he were chofen by reafon of his Eftate according to the Cuflom, &c. for he is obliged to give his Attendance on his Court, And for like Reafon it hath been adjudged, that an Alderman of London cannot be chofen Conftable •, . for that as Alderman, he is bound to be prefent in the City for the good Government thereof (a).

By two Statutes made in the Reign of Hen. 8. the Wardens and Fellowfhip of the Myftery of Surgeons, are exempt from the Offices of Conftables, Watch, C?c. provided they do not exceed the Number of twelve *, and the PreCi-dent and Fellows of the College of Phyficiani are not to be chofen Conftables, nor any other Officers in London, nor in the Suburbs of the fame (h).

It hath. been held, that all the Surgeons in England are within the Equity of the former Statute but that the Privilege arifing from the latter is confined to thofe Phyficians who arc Fellows of the College.

Refufingtobc If a Perfon duly cledled refufes to be fworn, fworn. he may be indi&ed either before Juftices of the

(a) Hawk. c. to. f. 40. (/') 5 II. 8. c. 6. 32 H. 8. c-4a

Peace

A freatifdim the Office of Conftable.'.

main-Point propofed in this Treatife, viz.. To oonfider and explain the Duty which the Law enjoins on this Office* and the Authority with which he is vetted, that he may be enabled to: perform fuch Duty. And here I lhall endeavour to' lay down every Point in the plaineft- and cleareft Manner ; fo as to be intelligible to almoft every Capacity.

The Office of. a Conftable is two fold:

1.	Original or Primitive.

2.	Minlfterial, or relative to the Juftices of the Peace, Coroners, Sheriffs, t'dc. (a)

Firft then of his original Power. Ey this he is,

i. To arreft all Perfons, who in his Prefence are guilty of any Treafon or Felony.

^	, .	2* If a grievous Wound, from which there

Wound given.	.	bT,	r	,	t	•	. , .

in his Pre- 18 apparent Danger or Death, be given m his fence. Prefence, he is to arreft the Offender (b). And in either of thefe Cafes he may break open' Break open Doors, if denied Entrance, and if the guilty Doors.	Perfon be there (c). Again in thefe Cafes he

may juftify killing the Offender, if he flies or refills, fo that he cannot otherwife be apprehended ; but this he ought never to do when the Offenders may be otherwife taken (d).

3.	He may arreft any one whom he fliall fee going about to commit a Treafon or Felony, or "any other Aft which would manifeftly ,en~ danger the JLife of another (e). And there+ fore, if a Man leave an Infant in the Cold,*

m.

Original

Power.

(a) Hale’s P./C. Vol. z. p. S8.	(I) Dalt. c. 8. f. 2.

(d Halo’s P, p. Vol. 2. p. 77.	(A.Flak's P. C. Vol. 2.

p. 77, 91. (d Hawk. b. 2. c. 12. f. 19.

with

'Affieattfe'dri thi Office* of Conftabk.	33-5

with Intent to d£fIroy it, of ib charge the Parifb,-tReGonffable rrfayarreft him (#).- The Gonfla- Affau]ti a ble.may-atreft any Man who is guilty of af-Conftable. faulting Kirn, arid may imprifbft frich' Offender,--:(A) ^nd carry him before a Jtfftice to find Sureties (f);	'

• 4. If art Afffay b& in the Prefence of the Affray.

Gori'fiable, he rft'ay arrefi the Offender y fo may

h§yby Way bf Preveiitidh, tkofe whb attempt

fo catife or begin fuch! an. Affray. Indeed, in

g&ihtal; aS he is. by the Common Law a

Confervator of the Peace,- fo ought he in all

Gales to (ffeferve thii Peace,- and 'may juftify

fecurihg thole whfr hftually break or gb about

to break it br as Mr. &alidh- word's it, fhall

Be 'in a Fury ready tb break it, in his 'Prefence

(d). ' In all thefe Cafes the Cotiftdbie miay !a£l

with che.utmoft Security; and, indeed, every

private Perfbh hot only miy,'but bught to do

the firrre, thotigh hb is Ms pneffiohable fbr the

Neglect; for the Conftable being prefefit at an

Afffdy; ought in the King’s Nhine tb command

thB Affrayers tb tbafe dnd depart bn Pain bf

fthpHfonrheht; and if he doth otherwife, he

ffiall be feve'rely fined [<?). A'hd if any bf Charging to

the'Affriiyerh ftfufe to depart, and fhall draW his Affiftance.

tta'y Wtapdns, 'of giVfe any Bloiv, the Conftable

may command thd Affiltaribi of others, and

fatty1 ‘ juftify the ■ Htirtirig' fdch as may taake

Wehftahce (/):	Ahd	this	nibre	especially	lh

great and violent Affrays, and ‘where any

Perfon hath received a dangerous Wound (g),

(AAaWlc. b. 2. c. i z. f. 19.	Hale*:,?.	C.	Vol.	z.	p. 88.

W Male, ib. (<-) "bait. c. 3 i\ 7.	(,/)	HateVP.	C.	2. 88.

Uftt. c. 8. f. 2. (,) Dalt. c. 8. f. 3. (/) Dale. ib. M Dale.

2

n 7

r. That a Felony was actually done ; for this is iffuable in an Adtion of falfe Imprifonment* (Ac. (a).

2.	That the Perfon from whom he receives his Information was actually preterit alt the Felony committed-, for the Juflification is, that the Conflable did aid A in talcing the Party fufpedt-ed (b). And an Information at thefecond Hand is too remote and dangerous.

3.	The Conflable ought to be well fatisfied that the Caufe of Sufpicion is a good one. And fuch Circumftances and Caufes of Sufpicion may appear on the Examination, (tho’ this cannot be on Oath) that the Information, fays Lord Hale, may carry over the Sufpicion even to theConfla-ble, whereby it may become his Sufpicion as well as the Sufpicion of A (c).

And it behoves the'Conflable to adt with great Difcretion in this Matter; for as on the one Hand if the Caufe of Sufpicion was light and trivial if the Party informing was not himfelf prefent; but principally if the Felony was not adtually committed, the Conflable will be in Danger of anfwering in an Adtion : So on the ocher Hand if he fhould be remifs and negligent in his Duty, or refufe to arrelt a Felon, where the above Circumftances all concur, he will be liable to be very feverely punifhed for his Omifiion ; for.

By the Statute of J'VeJlnnnftcr 1. c. 9. If the Sheriff, Coroner, or any other Bailiff, within Franchifes or without, for Reward or for Prayer,

(«) M. $ H. 7. Pl. 10. [I) Hale’;- P. C. 2. 91. (<■) ILilc’s P, C. aiJ.

z

or

338	A <Treatife on the Office of Confabk.

or for Fear, or for any Manner of Affinity, conceal, confent or procure to conceal, the Felonies done in their Liberties, or otherwife, will not attach nor arrefl fuch Felons there (as they may) or otherwife will not do their Office fur Favour born to fuch Mifdoers, and be attainted thereof, they fhall have one Year’s Imprifon-ment, and afterwards make a grievous Fine at the King’s Pleafure ; and if they have not whereof to be fined, they (hall fuffer three Years Im-prifonment.

And by the 5 Edw. 3. c. 14. it is exprefly declared, That if any Man has any evil Sufpicion of Felons, either by Night or by Day, they fhall be incontinently arrefled by the Conftables of the Town.

The firft and fecond Points are fufficiently clear; and as to the third, though it may be difficult, or indeed, impoffible, to fet down minutely every Circumftance which may induce a juflifiable Sufpicion; it may be however, proper to mention the mod common and obvious ; and efpecially thofe which have already undergone the Sanction of a Court of Juftice, or which good Authorities have eftablifhed.

Good Caufrs	Goods being found upon a Perfon,

of Sufpicion. though he fhould otherwife be of good Fame

(a).

2.	If the Perfon be one of evil Fame, he may be arrefled for a Felony committed without any other Circumftance (b).

(«) V. 2. 17. 7. 16.	(/,)	P.	2.	II.	7.	;6.	M.	5.	H.	7.

i)l. 10. per Brian and hie whole Court. T. 11. li. ,|. pi. S'.

3- A

340	A 'Treatife on the Office of Conjlable.

Killing fi:f-	And if a Perfon thus charged with Sufpicion

g* Ptr"	Felony uPon juft Grounds of Sufpicion, and

where a Felony is adtually committed, tho’ he be innocent, yet if he refill the Officer, after Notice that he is the Officer, and affault him, if the Officer kill him, this is no Murder (a).

But more queflionable is it, fays Lord Hale, whether if he fly and, cannot be apprehended, the Officer may kill him, where he is fufpedled and innocent, if he cannot otherwife be taken, as he may a Felon, as before is ffiewn ; but it feems (fays he) that he may, and that it is no Felony, no more than in the former Cafe, for thefe Reafons :

1.	Btcaufe the Conllable is obliged to do his Office in Cafe of a probable Sufpicion, as well as in cafe of an actual Felony.

2.	Becaufe he cannot judge whether the Party be guilty or not till he come to his Trial, which cannot be till he is apprehended.

3.	Becaufe the Party draws upon himfelf this Inconvenience, and makes himfelf fufpedted by his very Flight from the Officer (b).

Break open 4- Though the Conllable was not prefent at Doors on Af- the Affray, yet if a dangerous Wound be given, fray.	the	Conllable,	upon	receiving	Information there-

of, may arrell the Offender ; and if he flies into a Floufe and fhuts the Doors, and will not open them, the Conllable may break them open to take him (r).

And in this Cafe likewife it will be Murder if the Conllable be killed ; but if the Offender,

(<v) Hole’s P. C. 2. yz. (/;) Hale’s P. C. 2. cj3. (r) Tide's V. C. 2. y4.

who

Treat ife on the Office of Con ft able.	341

who could not otherwife be taken, fhould be killed, it would be no Felony, but juftifiable by theNeceffiry which arofe from his own Ob-ftinacy (a).

But in cafe of an Affray where no dangerous Affray. Wound is given, if the Conftable be not him-felf prefent, I hold it too dangerous for him to arreft the Party on an Information after the Affray is over, even though the Informer fhould alledge that he is in Danger of his Life •, for in fuch cafe, though fome Refolutions feem to favour it, yet there are many on the other Side (b).

5.	If an Affray be in a Houfe whereby there Affray in a is a Likelihood of Bloodfhed, and the Doors^°u^‘ of the Houfe are fhur, if the Conftable of the Vill having Notice thereof demand Entrance, and they within not only refufe to open the Doors, but continue the Affray, the Conftable may break open the Doors to keep the Peace and prevent the Danger (c). And this will be juftifiable, though no Hurt was actually done (d).

And if the Affray be begun without Doors, and the Affrayers fly into another iVlan’s Houfe, the Conftable on frefh Purfuit may break open the Houfe and apprehend them (e). But this I apprehend nuift be underftood only of violent Affrays, and where fome great Hurt hath been done.

(a) Hale’:; P. C. 2. 94.	(/;)	Dalt.	c.	I.	f.	7.	c.	H.	f.	2.

ft 5. (0 Hale’:, P. C. 2. 9.-.	(</)	Dali.	c.	H.	f.	5.	(.•)	Dalt.

c. 8. f. 5,

z 3

So

344

Strangers and

fufpicioQS

Perfons.

A 'Treatife on the Office of. Conjlable.

In the Cafe of Cherne and Pioit, Crokt Juflice, faith, Without all Qudlion the Sheriff hath Power to commit, cjl Cufics et. Confervatcr Pads-, if contrary to the Statute of Northampton, he fees any one to carry Weapons in the Highway, in ‘Terrorcm Populi Regis, he ought to take him and arrell him, notwithftandinp- he doth not break the Peace in his Prt-lence {a).

By the Statute of P/iv.chcjkr, c. 4. it is enadted, That the Bailiffs of Towns every Week, or at leaft every fifteenth Day, fhail make Enquiry of all Perfons being lodged in the Suburbs, or in foreign Places of the Towns; and if they do find any that have lodged or received any Strangers or fufpicious Perfons, the Bailiffs fhail do Right therein. And if any Strangers do pafs by the Watch at Night, he fhail be arrefted until Morning, and it no Suipicion be found, he fhail go quit-, and if they find Caufe of Sufpicion, they fhail forthwith deliver him to the Sheriff, and the Sheriff may receive him without Damage, and fhail keep him fafely till he be acquitted in due Mannre. And if they will not obey the Arreft, they fhail levy Blue and Cry upon them, and fuch as keep the Town fhail follow with Blue and Cry with all the Town and the Towns near, and fo Blue and Cry fhail be made from Town to Town, till that they be.taken and delivered to the Sheriff as before is faid ;

and

pi) 2 Eulfl. 328,

A Trcatife on the Office of Confahle.	34

and for the Arreftment of fuch Strangers, none (hall be punifhed.

By 5 E. 3. c. 14. the foregoing is briefly recited, and it is farther enadted, That becaufe there hath been divers Manflaughters, Felonies and Robberies, done in Time paft, by People that be ca'le-l *-Roberdfmen, Waftors and Draw-latches, it is accorded, that if any Man have any evil Sufpicion of fuch, be it by Day, or by Night, they dial 1 be incontinently arrefted by the Conftables of the Towns.

Upon thefe Statutes it hath been held, that Night-walk-it is lawful to arreft a Night-walker, at a prohi-ers-bited Time of Night, though no Felony had been committed (<2).

In an Adtion of Trefpafs of Affault, Battery Bawdyhoufes. and falfe Imprifonment at Dale, the Defendant pleaded, that one Alice kept a Houfe in the laid Town of Dale, and kept fufpicious Ptrfons in it, to wit, a common Bawdy-Houfe, and the Plaintiff often reforted to the laid Houfe fuf-picioufly with Women of evil Fame, (naming them) for which one J. Nokes, Conftable of the Paid Town, came to the Defendant, and defired him to aflift him in arrefting the Plaintiff to find Surety for his good Behaviour, on which Account the Defendant came with the faid J. N. at the Hour of Twelve in the Night, and found

* This Name was derived from one Robin IIo rl, who lived in the Reign of King; R. 1. in Woods and Defiris, on the llorder. of ho^hmi and ' rifluu,/. He was the Head of a Gang of Robbers, who fn[jotted thomfelves by all kinds of Rapine. Hence fuch kind of Perfons were afterwards Called Robcrdfmen .all over i. upland. a lull, c, go.

(.7) M. 5.11. 7. pi. 1 0.

him

3+6

Caution.

A Treat ife on the Office of Conjlable.

him fufpicioufly in the laid Place, by Force of which they took him and put him in Ward, which is the fame Affault, Battery and Impri-fonment for which the A£tion is brought. This was held a good Juftification by all the Juftices ; for they faid, it is lawful for every Conftable to arreft fufpedted Perfons who walk by Night and deep by Day, or who keep fuf-picious Company. And if they cannot of them-felves arreft them, they may demand the Affift-ance of others, and they are by Law obliged to aflift them (a).

In all the Cafes above-mentioned, and in fome which follow hereafter, the Conftable may arreft the Party without any Warrant.

And yet the Advice given by Lord Hale, viz. If the Time and Nature of the Fa£t, and the Condition of Things will bear it, to complain to a Juftice of the Peace and have his Warrant for apprehending the Criminal, will be very wifely followed by the Conftable as often as he poffibly can; for by fuch Means he will be put to much lefs Difficultty in his Juftification.

But it muft be likewife obferved. That in all the Cafes before recited, and efpecially with regard to the apprehending of Felons, he is obliged to perform his Duty without any Warrant, and will be punifhab’e for Negktft of it. He muft therefore take Care that no Mifchief intervene, nor any Feion efcape by his waiting for the Authority of the Juftice.

A fc-

(a) M. 13. H. 7. pi. 10,

348

Manner of railing Hue and Cry.

A Treatife on the Office of Conftable.

every fuch Refufal and Negledt, forfeit 5/. the one Moiety to the King, the other to the Informer.

Hue and Cry may be raifed by the Warrant of a Juftice. It may likewife be raifed by a Peace Officer, and even by a private Perfon (a).

1.	It may likewife be againft a Perfon certain by Name.

2.	Againft a Perfon uncertain by Defcription; or,

3.	Upon a Murder, Robbery or Burglary committed, where the Pc-rfon is neither known nor defcribable (h).

As to the Manner of raifing it, take the following Rules:

1.	The Conftable ought to receive good Afturance, that the Felony hath adtually been committed.

2.	The Party who levies the Hue and Cry, or at whofe Complaint it is levied by the Conftable, ought to give him all the Information in his Power of the Number of Perfons by whom the Fadt was committed, with their Names, Habits, Horfes, and every other Circumftance •, but if he ffiould know none of thefe, the Conftable, being fufficiently af-fured of the Fadt, is to levy the Hue and Cry (c).

3.	The Hue and Cry being levied, the Conftable is firft to make Search in his own

('«) Hale's P. C. 2. 100.	(/)	Halt’s	P.	C.	2.	102,	103.

(r) Hale’s P. C. 2. 102, 103.

349

A Treatife on the Office of Conftable.

Diftrift or Vill; and fecondly, to raife all the . neighbouring Vills round about (a).

4.	It is to be purfued with Horfe and Foot, and all Perfons at the Command of the Conftable are to attend it (b).

5.	The Conftable and thofe with him may Break open fearch in fufpedted Places •, and if the Doors ofDoorsonHue a Houfe be (hut, and thofe within refufe to openand Cry-them on Demand made by the Conftable and Notification of his Bufinefs, he may break them

open (r).

But here this Difference muft be noted ; that if the Doors be open, he may fearch any fufpedted Place or Houfe, and a probable Caufe of Sufpicion will be fufficient for his Juftification ; but otherwife is it in cafe of breaking open the Houfe •, for he will only be juftifiable when the Felon is actually there (d).

6.	He may apprehend a Perfon fufpefted of the Fa<ft, and againft whom the Flue and Cry be railed ; and tho’ fuch Perfon fhould prov'e innocent, his Apprehenfion would be juftifiable in the Conftable (e). And if the Hue and Cry be levied on the Felony only, without any Notification or Defcription of the Perfon, he may juftify arrefting all fufpicious Perfons (f). As for inftance, lays Lord Hale: Vagrants that cannot give any Account of themfelves where they live, or whence they are, or fuch fufpicious

((.•)! IiiIl-’;, P. C. 2. 101. (/;) ikilc’s P. C. 2. 101. (<) Hale's P- V 2. 102. i r. U) Hale’s P. C. 2. 103.	(<•)	Hale’s

P. C. a. ioj. ( j )! falek P. C. 2. 103.

Perfons

A freatife on the Office of Conftable.	351

Perfons fo apprehended : And if any Conftable Pena] on or other Officer ffiall refufe or negleft to ufe Conftable ne-his beft Endeavours to apprehend or convey to gle&ing this fome Juftice of the Peace any fuch Offender, Duty, it lhall be deemed Negledl of Duty in fuch Conftable or Officer; and on Conviction fhall be liable to forfeit any Sum not exceeding 5/. nor lefs than ioj.

The Offenders againft this Act are,	®^"cr,P!11011 °*"

1.	All Perfons wandering abroad and beg- en en” ging.

2.	All Perfons begging, pretending to be Soldiers, Mariners, Seafaring Men, or pretending to go to Work in Harveft.

3.	All Perfons wandering abroad, and lodging-in Alehoufes, Barns, Outhoufes, or in the open Air, not giving a good Account of them-felves.

4.	All Petty Chapmen and Pedlars travelling without Licence.

5.	Perfons running away and leaving their Wives or Children chargeable to any Pariffi or Place.

6.	Perfons who (hall for Hire, Gain or Reward, aft, reprefent or perform, or caufe to be afted, reprelented or performed, any Interlude, Tragedy, Comedy, Opera, Play, Farce, or other Entertainment of the Stage, or any Part or Parts theirein, not being authorized by Law.

7.	All Minftrels and Jugglers.

8.	Perfons pretending to be Gypfies, or wandering in the Habit or Form of Egyptians, or pretending to have Skill in Phyfiognomy,

PaJmeftry, or like crafty Science, or pretending to tell Fortunes, or ufing any lubtle Craft

to

352

Profane

Swearers.

A Tredtife on the Office of Conjlable. j

to deceive and impofe on any of his Majefty’j j Subjefts, or playing or betting at any unlawful] Games or Plays.	j

9< All common Flayers of Interludes. * 10. All Fencers and Bearwards.

2 i. Perfons going about as Patent-Gatherers, or Gatherers of Alms under Pretence of Loflcs by Fire or other Cafualty, or going about as Colleftors for Prifons, Gaols or Hofpitals, tic.

-----For a fuller Defcription of the Offenders

againftthis Aft, fee the Extrafts from it in this Book, Page gi.

It is obfervable, That Conftables are not only authorized, but obliged under a Penalty to apprehend the above Offenders, though it is neceflary for them, as well as for any other Perfon, to be prefent at the Commiffion of the Offence, to juftify their apprehending; the Words of the Statute being, “ All Perfons “ who fhall be found offending againft this Aft.”

By 19 Geo. 2. c. 21. it is enafted, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons, fhall profanely fwear and curfe in the Prefence and Hearing of any Conftable, Petty Conftable, Tythingman, or other Peace Officer, it fhall and may be lawful for any fuch Peace Officer, and they and each of them are hereby authorized and required (in cafe any fuch Perfon fhall be unknown to them) to feize, feeure and detain fuch Offender or Offenders, and forthwith to carry him or them before fome Juflice of the Peace : And in cafe any fuch Offender fhall be known to any of the Peace Officers aforefaitl, every fuch Peace Officer is hereby required

fpeedily to make Information of the fame 1	1	before

354

A Treatife on the Office of Confahle.

2.	Or caufing any Damage or obftrufting the Paffage j

3.	Or being empty, not giving Way to Coaches or loaded Carriages.

4.	Perfons obftrufting the Paffage of any of the Highways, by empty Waggons, except tvhiie they are loading or unloading.

5.	Driver of any Carriage obftrufting the Paffage in any of the Streets within the Bills of Mortality;

6.	Coachmen, or Drivers of other wheeled Carriages, plying for Hire in Bridge-Jlreet, Parliament-Street, Great -George-Street, St. Margaret-ftreet, or Abingdon ftreet, in the City of PFefiminfter, or flopping there longer than to Sake up or fet down a Fare.

7.	Perfons wilfully obftrufting the Paffage of the Streets, with empty Cafks, Pipes, Carts, except while plying for Hire on their proper Stands, or except while fuch Cafks, &V. are removing to or from any Ware-houfe,

For more particular Directions and Cautions relative to the Execution of this Aft, fee the Extrafts from it in this Book, Page si. Chap. 11.

Power by I come now to the third Method of arrefting .Warrant. by _ a Conftable, viz.' by Virtue of a Warrant tinder the Hand and Seal of a Magiflrate lawfully authorized.

t Whenever a Warrant is granted lawfully, and direfted to the Conftable of B. or to all Conflables, or to all Peace Officers, the Conftable muft execute it, or he will be liable to an Indiftment.

And

/I Tveafife on the Office of Conjidhk.	3

And though the Warrant itfelf hath been ao-ainft Law, yet the Officer hath been allowed to juftify under it (a).

Mr. Lombard, fpealdng of the Power of a Juftice of Peace, faith, If he make any Warrant, though it be beyond his Authority, yet it is not difputable by a Conftable or other inferior Mini-fter, but mull be obeyed. Lamb. 6y and 94.

And Erudenell, in the Book of Hen. 8.

(14 Ii. 8. 16. a) tho’ he denied the Authority of the Juftice to make the Warrant, admits that the Officer who executed it, could not be punilhed; for every Juftice of Peace, fays he, is a Judge of Record, and he hath a Seal of his Office; and when he makes a Warrant under his Seal to the Officer,' now the Officer ought to give Credit to the Seal; for this is his Authority, and being but an Officer, he can no more difpute the Authority of the Judge than the Sheriff can ours.

If a Warrant be diredted by a Juftice of Peace Conftable e£-t6 the Conftable of D. to arreft a Felon, &c. t^r” he is not bound to get out of the Vill to ‘execute y0^ the Warrant; but yet if he do execute it in another Vill, it is good enough ; for he adts herein not Amply as Conftable of D. but by virtue of the Juftice’s Warrant; and fo it was ruled in my Time (fays Lord Hale) at the Affixes at Norfolk, about 1668 (b).

(«) Hide’s P. C. 2. io 6.	[!>)	I	laic’s	P.	C.	2.	no.

A a 2	If

A ‘Treat!fe on the Office of Conffable.	g	57

or upon Sufpicion of Felony, if the Felony be in his own Houfe (a).

So, and a fortiori, if he be in the Houfe of another (for here the Sheriff may do it on a civil Procefs) but this is at his Peril that the Felon be there; for otherwife he will be guilty of a Trefpafs (£).

Upon a Warrant to fearch for ftolen Goods, Search War the Conftable likewife may break open the rant.

Doors, if they be fhut, and upon Demand made, thofe within refufe to open them (r) ; yet note, my Lord Hale here feems doubtful if the Goods were not there. In which he only fays, it feems the Officer is excufed j and in another Place he exprefly fays, on fuch Warrant I think the Doors cannot be broke open (d).

Upon a Warrant of the Peace, the Conftable Peace War-may break open the Doors (e) -, but this muft berant-underftcod where Security of the Peace is required, and not in cafe of an Affault or any common Breach of the Peace.

Yet it is to be noted, that if the outward Breaking Door be open, the Conftable in any cafe may open Doors, juftify breaking the inward Door; for fo may the Sheriff or his Bailiff, though the Procefs be without a non omittas (f).

The Conftable in executing a Warrant againft a Felon, may juftify killing him, if, before or after the Arreft, he flies and defends himfelf.

{“) Haiti's P. c. 2. 117.	(//)	Hale’S	P. C. 2. 117.

(0 Hale’s P. C. 2. 151.	(d)	PI	ale’s	P. C. 2. 117.

(t) Ilalc’sP. C. 2. 117.	(/)	Hale’s	P.	C.	1.	458.

A a 3	Tq,

A Hreaiife on the Office of Conjlable.

fo that the Officer muft give over his Purfuit and cannot otherwife take him (a).	And this,

as hath been feen before, he might have done, in cafe of an Arreft, virtute officii, or by Hue and Cry.

The fame J-aw is it if in Truth he were no Felon, but yet a Warrant is againft him on Sufpicion of Felony, and he, having Notice thereof, flies and refills for the Officer or Minifter muft purfue his Warrant, or other-wife he is punilhable ; and the Party by his Flight or Refiftance is acceffary to his own Death (b).

But in this cafe the Officer muft be extremely pautious, and in his Juftification it ought to appear.

That he was a lawful Officer; for though a private Perfon may arreft a Felon, and if he flies, fo that he cannot otherwife be taken, the killing will be excufable; yet this is at his Peril, viz. that the Party be really a Felon ; for if he be innocent of the Felony, the killing, at leaf before the Jrreji, feems at leaft Manflaughter, for the Reafon above given, for an innocent Perfon is not bound to take Notice of a private Perfon’s Sufpicion (c).

In all Cafes whatever, the Conftable or other Peace Officer will be juftified in the Execution of the 'Warrant.

(«) link’s P. C. 2. n 8. Lamb. 228. (/<) Hale’s P. C. 2. n8.	(r) Ilale’s P. C. 2. l i(j—85.	It is the feme

before or after tire Arreft.

O

O

If

359

A Treafi/e on the Office of Conftable.

If the Matter be within the Jurifdidtion of the Juftice, * though it may want fome Circum-llances of Formality, for, as Mr. Dalton fays, the Warrant of a Juftice of the Peace, though it be beyond his Authority, is not difputable by a Conftable or other inferior Minifter, but muft be executed by them (a).

But the Warrant muft be, i . For an Offence within the Jurifdidtion ofDefcnPtl0n the Juftice, otherwife an Acftion will lie againftof ^rarrar,t‘ the Officer who executes the Precept (b) •, as is exprefly adjudged in the Cafe of the Marjhal-fea (c) where a Difference is taken when a Court hath Jurifdidtion of a Caufe and proceeds erro-neoufly, then no Adtion lies againft the Officer who executes the Precept or Procefs of the Court; but when the Court hath no Jurifdidtion of the Caufe, then the whole Proceeding is coram non judice (before one who is no Judge of the Caufe; and an Adtion will lie without any Regard to the Precept or Procefs.

2. Exprefs the Name of the Party to be taken (d).

* In the Trial of Simp the Regicide, L. C. B. Briigeman exprefly fays, That if a Court at Common Law exceeds their Jurifdiftion, in that cafe he that obeys that Command is punifliabk. In the Court of Common Pleat, if there be an Appeal there for Murder, it is only proper to the Upper Bench; and therefore if the Party be condemned, fentenced and executed thereupon, the Executioner is, in that cafe, guilty of Murder, for obeying that Authority, which was indeed no Authority. S. T. i v. 856. And the fame Point is again repeated by the fame Judge in Cook\ Trial, Pol. 882.

(«) Dalt. c. 2.	(/;) Dalt. c. 2.	(<)	10 Co. 76,

id) flak's I’, C. !• 577.

A a 4

3- Ic

3^o

Charging to their Afliti-ance.

A Treatife on the Office of Conftable,

3.	It rauft be under Hand and Seal (a).

4.	The Warrant ought to exprefs fome Crime •, but if it do not, yet, if the true Caufe were Felony or any Mifdemeanor within the Cognizance of the Juftice, it may, fays Lord Hale,excufe the Officer,in falfe Imprifonment(£). Hence it follows, that if, in iuch cafe, the Caufe were really not within the Cognizance of the Juftice, the Arreft would be illegal, and the Officer liable to an Adtion of falfe Im-prifonment.

A Warrant obtained after the Arreft will not juftify the preceding Arreft by Authority of that Warrant.

Wherever the Conftable hath a Power to arreft, either ex officio, or by Warrant, he may charge as many as he (hall think neceffary to his Affiftance (c). And all, who are thus charged., are by Law obliged to affift him, and have, at the fame Time, the fame Protection of the Law, which the Conftable himfelf hath. 3 Hen. 7. 1. where, what is faid of the Sheriff, may be applied to the Conftable. 10 H. 7. 6. The Conftable of the Town may raife the People Upon Affrays, and the like.

The ponftable having arretted hjs Prifoner regularly, brings him before a Juftice of the Peace, to be examined.

And this being, as Lord Hale well fays, his fafeft and beft Way in all Cafes (<■/), it is need-jpfs to f'earch into the Depths of Antiquity for j:hoie obfcure and doubtful Authorities with

pO I laic’s I*. C. 1. 577.	(!>)	Hale’s	P.	C.	1.

<<-)' Dull. c. !.f. 8. (<■/) Male’sP. C. 2. 175.

‘	which

Efcapc.

A Treatije on the Office of Conftahle.

or Colour of any Writ, Procefs or other ' Warrant whatfoever, to any Tavern, Ale-houfe, or other Drinking or Vidualling-houfe, without the free and voluntary Confent of fuch Perfon, fo as to charge fuch Perfon with any Sum of Money for any Wine, Beer, Ale, Victuals, Tobacco, or any other Thing whatfoever, but what fuch Perfon Ural] call for of his or her own Accord; and fhall demand, cake, or receive, or caufe to be demanded, taken or received, diredly or indiredly, any other or greater Sum for fuch Arreil, taking or waiting until fuch Perfon fhall have procured Bail, &c. or take and exad any other Keward for keeping the faid Perfon out of Prifon, than what he fhall of his own Accord voluntarily give; or fhall take or receive any greater Sum for each Night’s Lodging or other Expences than what is realonable and fitting in fuch Cafes, or fhall be fo adjudged by the next Juftice of the Peace, or at the next Quarter-Sefllons; and fhall caufe or procure the faid Perfon to pay for any Wine, Beer, Ale, Victuals, Tobacco or other Things than what he fhall voluntarily, particularly and freely call for; he fhall forfeit his Place, and treble Damages to the Party grieved, to be recovered by Virtue of the Ad-. Dalt. c. y. f 13.

If a Conftable, having arrefted a Prifoner by Authority of a Statute, doth not lawfully difcharge himfelf of him, but fuffers him to elcape, it feems, by the Book of 10 Edw. 4.(0)

lie

(a) 10 E. 4. pi. 21.

A 'Treatife on the Office of Conftable,	363

he is liable to an Aftion of Trefpafs ab initio, by the Party arrefted.

If a Conftable, having received a Warrant from a Juftice of the Peace, to apprehend the putative Father of a Baftard Child, if he fuffers him to efcape, may be bound to the good Behaviour, and fo over to the next Gaol-Delivery or Quarter- Seftions, and may be there ordered to contribute towards the Maintenance of the Baftard, or be fined. The like in cafe of the *

Mother (a).

The Prifoner being committed to Gaol, the Peace Officer, in whofe Cuftody he is, ought to carry him thither direftly.

If a Man arrefted for Felony, as he is carrying to Gaol, offer Reiiftance and fly, thofe that have the condu&ing him, may without Blame kill him. Lamb. 228.

Conftables are the proper Officers to a Juftice of Peace, as Sheriffs are to the higher Courts of Juftice; and they, as well as Headboroughs, Tythingmen and other Officers of the Peace, are obliged to execute the Warrants either generally or fpecially direfted to them by the Juftices of the Peace : And when the Warrant is lawfully granted for a Matter within the Ju-rifdiftion of the Juftice, they may always fafely execute it in a legal Manner.

By 27 Geo. 2. c. 20. The Conftable executing barges of

a Juftice’s Warrant for levying a Penalty or^![in^ other Sum of Money direfted by any Aft of rC S* Parliament, by Diftrefs, may deduft his own reafonable Charges of taking, keeping and

(«) Dalt. c. 1 f. z.

felling

3 6j

A Treatife on the Office of Conjlable.

fame, which the faid Treafurer is hereby required to do as foon as he receives fuch Warrant ; and any Sum fo paid fhali be allowed in his Accounts.

And it is further enadted, That within the County of Middlefex, the Expences of the Con-ftable or other Officer, occasioned by the conveying of any Perfon to Gaol, by virtue of a Warrant from any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, fhali (after fuch Expences have been examined into upon Oath, and allowed by fuch Juftice or Juftices, and for which no Fee or Reward fhali be taken,) be paid by the Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh or Place where the faid Perfon was apprehended ; who is and are hereby authorized and required to pay the fame ; and the Sum or Sums fo paid, fhali be allowed in his or their Accounts.

By 24. Geo. 2. c. 44. f 6. it is enadted, That The Confe-no Adtion fhali be brought againft any Conftable, b!e s or other Perfon adting by his Order and in his Aid, for any Thing done in Obedience to the Office. Warrant of a Juftice of the Peace, till Demand hath been made or left at the ufual Place of his Abode, by the Party or by his Attorney, in Writing, figned by the Party demanding the fame, of the Perufal and Copy of fuch Warrant, and the fame hath been refufed or negledt-ed for fix Days after fuch Demand ; and if after Compliance therewith, any fuch Adtion fhali be brought, without making the Juftice who figned fuch Warrant Defendant, on producing and proving fuch Warrant at the Trial, the Jury fhali give their Verdidt for the Defendant, not-withftanding any Defedt of Jurifdidlion in the Juftice. And if fuch Adtion be brought

jointly

3^7

A 'Treatife on the Office of Conjlable.

{table is to remember, that he is to apprehend Offenders, and not to determine Offences; that being the Office of the Magiftrate only, before whom every Prifoner taken into Cuftody for any Offence ffiould be carried, in the Officer’s Jufti-fication, who cannot otherwife difcharge him with Safety. Support your Office with Spirit, but never ufe any indecent Language, or any ways infult your Prifoner, and never ftrike but on the utmoft Neceffity •, for whenever you meet with Difficulty or Refiftance in the Execution of your Office, charge the Standers-by in the King’s Name to aid and affift you, and, if poffible, thofe whofe Names you know; for on their Refufal they are liable to be indidted.

Thus you may multiply your own Power as often as you may find neceffary, and Occafion requires.

AP-

t 3S9 3

a

1

the 2 Geo. 3./ 1. it is enabled, That The Price of no Brewer, Innkeeper, Victualler or ftrong Beer other Retailer of ftrong Beer or Ale, fliall, ac ^rcMbnab^ any Time, be fued, impleaded or molefted by advanced, 7 Indidrnent, Information, popular Adion, or oth'erwife, for advandng, or having advanced, the Price of ftrong Beer or Ale, in a reafonable Degree, any Law or Statute to the contrary not-tvithftanding.

II.	And if any common or other Brewer, Inn-50/. Penalty keeper. Victualler or Retailer of Beer or Ale, on fraudulent-* fhall mix, or caufe or Tufier to be mixed, in any fy m™n2 Vefiel, Tub, Meafure or otherwife howfoever,

any ftrong 'Beer, Ale, or ftrong Wort, with Worts with any fmall Beer or fmall Worts, or with Wa-other Liquors, ter after the Gauge of fuch ftrong Beer, Ale, or ftrong Worts, fliall have been taken by an Officer of Excife, every fuch Perfon fo offending, for every fuch Offence fliall refpedively forfeit the Sum ol fifty Pounds.

III.	In the Ad againft Mutiny and Defcrtion, Free Vintners

r .	.	7	/	II	-	J1-	■ ■ c.vculed from

ot the 2 Geo. 3. is the following Exception, viz. qU;;rtcring B b	“	OtherSoldicrs.

37°

Guards quartered in Weft-minfter.

Foreftalling.

APPENDIX.

Other than, and except Perfons who keep Taverns only, being Freemen of the Company of Vintners of the City of London, who were admitted to their Freedom before the,fifth Day of July, 1757, or who fince have, or fhall hereafter be admitted to their Freedom of the faid Company, in Right of Patrimony or Ap-prenticefhip.”

IV.	In’ the above Aft are thefe Words, “ And fuch Officers and Soldiers of the Foot-“ Guards, fhall be quartered within the faid City ‘c and Liberties of Weftminfter, and the Places <£ adjacent, in the fame Manner, and under the tc fame Regulations, as in other Parts of tc England, in all Cafes for which parti-t& cular Provifion is not made by this « Aft.” •

Obs. From thefe Words, it clearly appears, that the Lcgijlature intended that the Foot-Guards jbould have the fame Allowances of [mail Beer, Fire, Salt, Pepper, Vinegar, lie. as are allowed to others of his Majejlfs Forces quartered in different Parts of the Kingdom.

V.	The 5 & 6 Edw. 6. c. 14. f 1. enads, That whofoever fhall buy, or caufe to be bought, any Merchandize, Viftual, or any other thing, whatfoever, coming by Land or by Water toward any Market or Fair, to be fold in the fame, or coming toward any City, Port, Haven, Creek or Road, from any Parts beyond the Sea to be fold; or make any Bargain, Contraft, or Promife, for the . having or buying the fame, or any Part thereof, fo coming as aforefaid, before the faid Merchandize, Victuals or other Things,

APPENDIX.

of the Goods; for the fecond Offence to be imprifoned half a Year, and forfeit double Value; and for the third Offence to be fee on the Pillory, forfeit all his Goods, and be imprifoned during the King’s Pleafure. Se£l. ^ 5> 6-

lixtrafts

[ 373 ]

Exirachfrom 2 Geo. III. Cap. 15. relative to the better fupplying the Cities of London and IVefminJter with Fiflo, and to the reducing the prefefit exorbita?zt Price thereof and to the protecling and encouraging Fijhermcn.

1HIS A6t enadts, That it fhall be lawful

__ for any Perfon, although not brought

up in the Trade of a Fifhmonger, to buy (fub-je£t to and under the Reftridtions herein after contained) at any Market, Sea Coaft, Creek, Port, Haven, Bank of any River, or Place, in Great Britain, any Fifh in Seafon which fhall not be unfizeable, or under the Dimenfions the fame refpedlively by the Laws now in Force, are allowed to be fent to the City of London, paying the ufual and accuftomed Dues, at the Places where any fnch Fifh fhall be fo purchafed ; and afterwards to fell the fame again in public or fixed Shops, Stalls or Houfcs, in any other Market in Great Britain, where Fifii or FJefh are or ufually have been fold, paying only the ufual Stallage or Market Dues, paid at every filch Market, without incurring any Penalty or Forfeiture.

2. Such Fifii not to be refold by the firft Pur-chafer before the fame fhall be brought to L.on-cion or We dm in Her, or to where configned, under the Penalty of 20/. and to be conveyed to the Places configned without being liable to be Hopped and expofed to Sale on the Way.

B b 3	3.	Car’

General Licence 10 any Perfon tho’ not a Fifhmonger to buy at any Market, Sea-Coaft or River, Sac. any Fifh in Sea-fcn and ftze-able, paying the accuftomed Dues, &c. and to fell the fame again in any Fifh or other MaPkct, Covent Garden Market excepted.

APPENDIX.

cepted*, and until it is fo expofed, no Part thereof to be fold by Retail on Penalty of 10L but Mackrell brought by fuch Carriages may be fold on Sundays.

9.	All Contracts made for Fifh, except for' Salmon and Lobfters, are vacated after the ill of May, 1762 •, and the Parties difeharged from the Penalties of then* Contracts •, and Perfons contracting after that Time to buy any other Fiflj but Salmon and Lobfters, beiore the fame be brought to Market and duly expofed, forfeit 50 /. and the Contract deemed void.

10.	And after the 1 ft of May, 1762, no-ContraCt for Britilh Salmon and Lobfters fhall be in Force longer than one Year; and the like Rule to take place with RefpeCt to any Paroll Contracts.

11.	After the faid ift of May, no Perfon

may employ or be employed in buying at the Markets of London or Weftminlter, &c. Fifh brought there for Sale, to be afterwards divided' amongft Fishmongers or others to be fold *, nor' may any Perfon buy in the faid Markets any Fifh, but what fh.al 1 be for his own Sale or Ufe, on Penalty of 2ol.	•

12.	No Salefman, or other Perfon, may re-fufe to fell or enter into any Agreement not to: fell to, or for any particular Perfon’s Ufe, any Fifh expofed to Sale at a public Market, on the like Penalty.

13.	And all Fifh, of the refpeCtive Sorts fpe-cified in this A Cl, brought after the faid 1 ft of May for Sale to the London Markets, fhall be openly fold at the firft PI and, and in no greater' Number oi‘ Quantity in a Lot than is ptefcrlbe'd; and every Lot to confift of one Sort of Fifh only.

B b 4	14.	All

.377

APPENDIX.

ket within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding eight in any one Lot.

All Carp, Gurnet, Tench, and Sea Bafs, not exceeding fix in any one Lot, in Billingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingfgate Dock-, and, in any other Market within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, not exr ceeding four.in any one Lot,

Ail Fhornbacks, not exceeding two in any one Lot, in Billingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingfgate Dock; and, in any other Market within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, not. exceeding one in"a^)r one Lot.

AH large . Soals? not exceeding four Pair in any one Lot, in Billingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingfgate Dock; and, in any other Market within the Weekly- Bills rof Mortality, not exceeding two Pair in any one Lot. . ,

All final! Soals, not exceeding eight Pair in any one Lot, in Billingfgate Market, or within one hundred and. fifty Yards, of Billingfgate Dock; and,,in,apy other Market within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding foyr Pair in any one Lot.

All Mackrell, Whitings, Whiting Pouts, Plaice, Dabbs, Herrings, Pilchards, Garb Fifli, Flounders, and Maids, not exceeding fixty in any one Lot, in Billingfgate Marker, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingfgate Dock; and, in any other Mfarket within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, not’exceeding thirty in any one Lot.

All Smelts, not exceeding fifty two in any one Lot, ifi Billingfgate Market, or within one

APPENDIX.

hundred and fifty Yards of Billingfgate Dock; and, in any other Market within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding twenty fix in any one Lot.

All Eels, not exceeding Twenty Pounds Weight in any one Lot, in Billingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingfgate Dock; and, in any other Market within the Weekly’Bills of Mortality, not exceeding ten Pounds Weight in any one Lot, unlefs any fingle Fifh fhall exceed that Weight. All large Lobfters and Crabs, not exceeding '	of either Sort, in arry one Lot, twenty, in Bil-

lingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingfgate Dock; and, in any other Market within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding ten of either Sort in any one Lot.	.	'

All final! Lobfters and Crabs, not exceeding, of either*. Sort, in any one Lot, forty, in Billingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingfgate Dock; and, in any ' other Market within tfye Weekly Bills of Mor-' tality, not exceeding twenty of either Sort in any one Lot.

None of the 15. And if any Perfon or Perfons fhall fell faid feveral or buy any of'the Fifh aforefaid, at the firft

FKa°be Hand’

in any Market or Markets in the City of bouohtor fold ‘London, or within one hundred and fifty Yards at the firft ‘ of Billingfgate Dock ; or in any Market in the Hand in the City of Weftminfter, or within the Weekly _ fud Markets jgjjjs 0y Mortality, in any Lot or Parcel, con-

in a p renter ...	J	,	r	^

Number or taming any greater Number or any Sort of

Quantity in a Fifh as aforefaid in any fuch Lot or Parcel,' or

Lot, than is any greater Weight of Eels in any Lot or Par-

jnclcnbcd, cej^ tj]an is 'herein before directed and appointed

to

3So	APPENDIX.

counts fo put up, or caufe the fame to be done, he forfeits 40s.

20.	No Fifherman, &c. after the Arrival of his Vefiel from fifhing, may deftroy or caft away, any of the Fifh, not being unwholefome, perifhed or unmarketable, remaining unfoid after Market is over; on Penalty of being committed, and kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Months, nor lefs than one Week.

21.	All Perfons coming under the four following Defcriptions, employed in the Fifheries of thefe Kingdoms, are exempted from being impreffed into the King’s Service, viz. 1 ft, Matters of Fifhing Veflels, who, either them-felves or their Owners, have, or within fix Months before applying for a Protedlion, fhall have had one or more Apprentices, under fixteen years of Age, bound for five Years, and em-ployed in the Bufinefs of fifhing; 2dly, All fuch Apprentices not exceeding- four -to every Mafter or Owner of a Fifhing Vefiel of thirty Tuns Burthen, or upwards; and two to every Vefiel under thirty Tuns; during the Time of their Apprenticefhip, and till the Age of twenty one Years, they continuing for the time in the Bufinefs of fifhing only ; 3dly, One Mariner, befides the Mafter and Apprentices, to every Fiiliing Vefiel of ten Tuns Burthen, or upwards, employed on the Sea Coaff, during his Continuance in fuch Service; 4th]y. Any Landman entering, and employed on Board fuel) Vefiel, for two Years from his firft going to Sea, and to the Knd of the Voyage then engaged in, if he fo long continue in fuch Service.

On Affidavit being made before fome Juftiry, pud h|id before the Admiralty, that the Perfons

therein

CO

APPENDIX.

22.	The Matter or Owner of any Fifhing Veflel knowingly harbouring, &c. a Deferter from the King’s Service, forfeits 20/.

23.	Juftices.are impowered to hear and determine all Offences committed againft this Adi within their refpedtive Jurifdidtions.

24.	Any of the Parties concerned in the con-tradVingfor Fifh contrary to this Adi, giving the firft Information againft, and convidtirig others, is indemnified himfelf, and intitled to a Moiety of the Penalty.

25.	No Information may be received by a Juftice againft any Perfon for being concerned in any Contradi for buying up Fifti to be fold again contrary to this Adi; but the Penalty for entering into fuch Contradl,. fhall be recoverable only, with double Cofts, in one of the- Courts at Weftminfter 5 one Moiety to go to Greenwich Hofpital, and the other totbeProfecutor.

/. -

1
