EXTRACTS

FROM SUCH OF THE

PENAL LAWS,

AS

Particularly relate to the Peace and Good Order of this METROPOLIS:

With

OBSERVATIONS for the better Execution of fome, and on the Defeds of others.

To which are added,

The Felonies made fo by Statute- fome general Cautions to Shopkeepers; and a Ihort Treatife on the Office of Constable.

The whole particularly Calculated for the Inhabitants of this METROPOLIS.

By Sir JOHN FIELDING,

One of his Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the Counties of Middlefex, EfTex, and Surry, and for the City and Liberty of Weftminfter.

A NEW EDITION.

In which is contained Extracts from thofe Penal Laws, made Cnee the Publication of the laft Edition.

LONDON:

Printed fay H. Woodfall and W. Straran, Law Printers to the King’s moil Excellent Majefty s For T. Cadell, eppofue Catherine-Street in the Strand. 1768.

To his Grace the Duke of Grafton,

Firft Lord Commiffioncr of His Majefty’s Treafury.

My Lord,

IF Self-interefi under the Mafque of Public Spirit has been the general Plan of Dedications to Pcrfons in Authority, as foiiie have afferted; I rejoice that unfeigned Truth allows me to declare, I am in this In-Fance actuated by no fuch Motive The plain Matter of Fad is, that in the Year 1754. a Plan of Police for the general Prevention of Fraud and Felony in this Kingdom, and for the A 2	better

DEDICATION.

better Prefervation of Peace and good Order in this Metropolis and its Environs, was fet on foot by his Grace the Duke of Newcaftle, which from its manifeft Utility has ever fince been conflantly encouraged and fupported by that RightHonorable Board where your Grace now fo ably prefides. Time and Experience have added many ufeful Improvements to this Plan, amongft which the Publication of Extracts of thofe Laws particularly provided by the Legiflature, for the Government of this populous City, is none of the leaft: For fo fluctuating are the Inhabitants of London, efpecially the laborious Part of them, and fo amazing is the Increafe of Commerce, Carriages and Buildings, that it’s Streets and the Highways in its neighbourhood would fcarce be paflable with Safety, were it not for the conftant Promulgation as well as Execution of them. The Penal Laws made fince the publication

DEDICATION.

iication of the lafl Edition of this Work, makes another immediately neceffary. To whofe Patronage then can thefe Sheets with more Propriety be dedicated than to your Grace? Who, as it were, has put the finifhing Hand to this admirable and ufeful Plan of Police, by affording me fuch Afliftance that one Ma-giftrate at leaft will be conftantly fitting in Bow Street, to attend to the Complaints of his Majefty’s Subje&s. For the drawing of all Informations of Fraud and Felony into one Point, regifterihg Offenders of all Kinds* quick Notice and fudden Purfuit, and keeping up a Correfpondence with all the a&ive Magiftrates in England, wanted nothing to make it Complete but to be inceffant; and for this Obligation the Public is indebted to your Grace; and if faithfully executed, Pofterity will Feel its happy Effe&s; but even its prefent Services to the Community A 3	muft

DEDICATION.

muff be pleafing both to Wifdom and Humanity, as it renders it im-pofi'ible for Offenders to continue their Outrages for any Time, or, as ufual, to colled themfelves into large and dangerous Gangs; the Certainty therefore of fpeedy Detection, muff deter fome at leaff from this Courfe, and thereby .fave the Lives of many of his Majefty’s Subjects, and prevent the aifagreeable Expence to Government, of paying Rewards for apprehending of Robbers. And I am confident that within thefe 14 Years, much of this Expence has been faved, as will eafily appear to your Grace, fliould you pleafe to direct an Examination of the Account of the Monies iffued for this Purpofe to the Sheriff of Middlefex. If this be true, what can be more pleafing to good Senfe and Humanity, than a Plan calculated to fave both Life and Expence. For whenever a becoming Regard for

the

DEDICATION, the Public Good dignifies the Character of Perfons in your exalted Station, checking the Vices and reforming the licentioufnefs of the common People, which alone can lay a fo-lid Foundation for Peace, good Order, and a relpedable Government, will never be confidered as the mi-nutw in Civil Policy, but on the contrary muft ftrike fuch Minds, as an Object deferving the higheft Care. At the end of this Work is added, an Account of forne Evils ft ill fiib-fifting which the Nature of my Em-

o	.	^

ployment has brought to my View, but of too large a fi-ze to be redrefTed otherwife than by legifiative Authority : And, if they fhould appear in the fame Light to your Grace as they do tome, I doubt not, but that your acknowledged Readincfs on all Occafions to promote every national Good, will engage your Attention towards their fpeedy Removal: For my own Part, if by an adive and A 4.	dilin-

DEDICATION.

dilinterefted Difcharge of my Truft, 1 may be allowed to have been in any

J	j

Degree the Means of lellening paft, or preventing future Mifchiefs, it will afford me much Felicity. But that his Majefty fhould have been graci-oudy pleafed to extend his Royal Attention to my Memorial in behalf of Lady Fielding on this Account, through your Grace’s friendly Re-prefentation, is an Honour conferred, which no future Induftry to the Public can repay to my Sovereign, or Gratitude equal the Obligations I feel to your Grace, and am with

j	*

unfeigned Truth,

My Lord

Your Grace’s Very Refpectful And The Public’s Faithful Servant

JOHN FIELDING.



t i* 1

TO THE READER.



A S the following Sheets, were compiled ■ arnidfl the Hurry of an Employment which Jcarce affords Leifure even for the common Refrejhments of Life, I doubt not but many Inaccuracies will be met with, of which, if the candid Reader will give a Hint, it will be kindly taken, duly attended to, and fucb Errors carefully corrected, if the Publick’s Opinion of the Utility of the Work, (kould carry it into another Edition. The Obfervations interjperfed through the whole, are Jucb as occurred on the Execution of thofe Laws, to which they are annexed-, and as fame of them point out Remedies as well as defeats, it is to be hoped that thofe Hints will receive fuel: Improvement from abler Hands as may make them effectual-, but as the chief Motive of publijhing thefe Ext rails of the Penal Laws, was to inform, and thereby prevent Pumfmcnt, from a Perfuafon that mojl of the common People offend againfl them from Ignorance; and that many Perfons of a fuperior Rank Jub-mit riot, only to Inconveniences, but even Infults, from being Stra?igers to the eafy Remedy the Laws of their Country afford

them:

X

To the READER.

them-. It is therefore to be wijhed, that •while they awaken in the Minds of his Ma-jeflfs SubjeSls a due Attention to the facred Nature of the Laws, it will beget an exacl Obedience to them j and that this Attempt in that Behalf will be received with all the Candour that is due to his earnefl Endeavours, iobofe highejl Ambition it is to be thought an ifful Member of the Community.

INDEX.

INDEX.

A.

Accomplices in Eeionies, n. 91 to 97

Page 31610319

Ace of Hearts	t-i---	80

Advertifing Rewards with noQueftions allied 246

---	252

51 114

Appendix 391

291

Affirmation of Quakers Annoyances	—<—-r-

Apprentices	■—

Ditto	—-------

Arms, embeziling, No. 40. Artificers

Ditto leduced to go Abroad	1S0

Ditto abfenting from their Work, Append. 3.91 Allies-thrown into the Streets	40

Affault with Intent to rob, No. 24.	283

Affilling Prifoners to-break Prifon, No. 33. 2S6

B.

Backgammon excepted	——	Sr

Bail acknowledged in the Name of another Perfon without his Confent, No. 41.	292

1	Bakers

INDEX.

Bakers	 >	Page	128

Ballaft -------------------------  •	39

Bankrupts, No. 18;	~—	280

Barns or ocher Buildings, pulling down	70

Barrels and Brewers	■------------- 395

Bafiet ----------------------------------   80

Beer Licence	  152

Beer raifed or mixed	[Appendix	369

Beggars -------------------------------     92

Bell metal, Sealing	   235

BeSiality, No. 16.	  280

Bigamy, No. 26.	   ,	284

Bills, Sealing, No. 5.	   274

Black AS, No. 35.	   287

Black Lead, Sealing from Mines, No. 59, 299

Blacks	  143

Bleaching Grounds, robbing, No. 25.	284

Bonds, Sealing, No. 5.	_------------- 274

Brafs or Bell metal. Sealing or receiving 235

Bread	   128

Breaking Prifon, No. 32, 33.	286

Brewers raifmg their Beer or mixing the fame.

Appendix 369

Brewers felling Beer to unlicenfed Publicans 156 Buggery, No. 16.	.——	280,

Builders leaving their Work unfiniflied, Append.

399

Builders Hoards in WeSminSer	54

Buildings	——	Appendix	383

Bum Boats	  Ditto	409

Burglary, No. 2.	—	273

•---------No. 14.	•------------  279

Bricks to be carried,. See Weights.

C.

. I N

D E X.

Cr

Cambrjck expofed to Sale, (Sc. Page 183 Carts, Cars, and other Carriages and their Drivers regulated	9	and	14

Carts Handing in the Haymarket	10

Carts, their F^res	  2d,	19

. Calks	    Appendix	395

Calks, See Obftrudtions

Cattle, maiming, No. 35.	  2S7

Cattle, Healing, No. 39.	  290

Cautions to Shopkeepers, Innkeepers and Stable

keepers	    254.

Cheats, a LiH of	   254

Children of the Poor within the Bills-Appendix

408

Churches, pulling down	—■—	70

Cleaning the Streets -------------------  133

Coachmakers, See ObHru£tion$

Coaches and Chairs (Hackney) 59 and Append.

392

Coaches and other Carriages, their Duty 125 Coach Houfes, robbing to the Value of five Shillings, No. 17.	■——	280

Coals	—-	—:—	107

Coin counterfeited, clipped, walked, uttered, (Sc.

No. 60,73.	---- 299 to 305

Combinations of Journeymen	175

Congregations diHurbed -------------------- 69

Conjurors	---——	94

Confpiring to kill the King or any of the Houfe-hold. No. 48.	—	296

Confiables Office	———	321

Coopers	------------------ Appendix 395

Copper, Healing or receiving	1235

Cordage, Healing 4

Appendix 409 Corn

INDEX.

Corn growing deftroyed	Page 135

Corn, tsV. malicioufly deftroyed in Carts, Granaries, Vefiels, and affaulting and beating Perfons carrying the fame to Market,

No. 45.	  293

Cutting Perfons Cloaths in the Streets or Highways, No. 30.	  286

Coals to be carried, See Weights

D.

Deer-ftealing	——	Appendix 388

Dirt thrown into the Street	40

Diforderly Houfes	   63

Diforderly Public Houfes ----------------- 102

Difturbing Divine Worlhip	—	69

Dog-ftealing, No. 39.	----——	290

Drunkennels	■----------------- 96

Dwelling Houfe robbed of 40.'. No. 4.	274

E.

Engines ■-----------------------------      72

Enli3hLenin0 the Street* ------------------ 42

Enlifting Men into any foreign Service, No. 20.

281

Evils not fufficiently provided for by the Laws

now in being.-------------411

Exchequer Orders and Tallies, &?r. ftealing.

No. 5.	   274

Expences of profecuting Felons* repaid by the Court to indigent Perfons	247

ExportingUtenfils of the Woollen and Silk Ma-

nufa&ures	  •	j	82

F.

INDEX,

F.

Fares of Carts

Page 2d, 19

----of Coaches and Chairs 61 & Append. 392

■ of Watermen

Faro	-----

Felonies by Statute Fences broke

Fires	----

Fire Works

232 80 27 3 135 72

Filh in the Thames and Medway, their fize, Lfc.

158

Filh by Land Carriage, and Filhermen Append.

873

Filh-Ponds, breaking and Healing	228

Filh (Sea) to fupply London —	83

Filhing in indofed Waters	Appendix 389

Frauds	149	and	Appendix	400

Frauds, a Lift of	  254

Free Vintners excufed from quartering Soldiers

Appendix 370

Foreftalling	Appendix	No.	5.	37c

Forgery, No. 67. feV.-------------	275

Fortune telling ----------- Appendix 399

Forty Shillings, dealing out of Dwelling Houfe, No. 4.	—-	274

G.

Game	—	224	and	Appendix	387

Gaming in Public Houfes	102

Gaming in general	  *	241

Gardens robbed	-------- 13 5

Gravefend Boats	—~	231

Guards

INDEX.

Guards quartered in WeSminScr more fully explained ----:—	Appendix 370

Gypfies	■	    93

H.

Hackney Coaches and Chairs 59 and Appendix 392

Hair Powder -------------------------   226

Handicrafcfmen	.--------------  139

Hatts, See Manufa&ures

Hawkers and Pedlars	  249

Hawks, Sealing, No. 39.	  291

Hay	--------- 119

Hazard	------ —	80

Hedges broke down	   135

Highways, their Prefervation	]	2

Highwaymen or Robbers affaulting with Intent to rob, No. 24.	—	283

Hoards for Buildings in Weflminfter •	54

Hogs kept in London ----------------  100

Hops or public Dancings without Licence 185 Horfes, what Number to be drawn in Waggons,

l£c. on Roads, &c.	■------------  17

Horfe Sealing, No. 49.	  296

Houfes, breaking open in the Day Time, and Sealing to the Value of 5 s. No. 1. 273

Houfes, diforderly	  63

Houfes, pulling down	  70

Hue and Cry	-------- 166

Husbandry Servants ------------------ 139

I. N r> E X.

I.

Mbeziling Kina's Arms,	Ammunition	and

Stores, No: 40.	Page	29.1?

Informers againft the Seilers of Spirituous Liquors- a {Vaulted,,	and	iuch	Offenders

refcued, No. 47,	—	295

Itfgrofling	—-—1	Appendix 37 f

Informations, their Limitation —Appendix-400 fnfurers defrauded by- deftroying Ships, &c.

No. 74.	■---------------  306

Iron, See Manufactures

-----ftealing or receiving ----------------235

-----ftealing from the Freehold No. 36.	289

Journeymen Taylors ----------------------  1-46

Ditto	-h->-c.-w	Appendix	401’

Journeymen Watchmakers and Clockmakers

203’

Journeymen, See Manufadhires

jury Annoyance'	g.f

K.

Keys,- robbing to the Value of forty Shillings, No. 21.	*-----------------  282

L.

Labourers	  —	139

Landlords defrauded by Tenants	161

Lamps -—----------------------------------   42

Lead, ftealing or receiving	235

------ ftealing from the Freehold, No. 36.'	289

a	Leather

index:

Leather, See Manufafture Letters (threatning)	Page	149

Licences to fell Spirituous Liquors, Beer and Ale	152	and Appendix

Licences for public Entertainment	18 f

Licences for Silverfmiths,	and	for Pawnbrokers

dealing in Silver	199

Lincolns-Inn Fields Aft	---- 191

Linen, See Manufafture

Lodgings ready Furnifhed, robbing, No. 3. 273

Lord’s Day	  —■	45	.

Lotteries	—	  ■—»	7.8

M.

Manufactures	»	171

Manufacturers feduced to go out of the Kingdom	  180

Maiming, &c. No. 37	  290

Mary bone Aft	—- -	187

Marrying Women againft their Will taken away by Force, No. 50.	296

Meafures and Weights	—	132

Militia	----- Appendix 396

Mulical Entertainments without Licence 184 Meal and Malt to be carried, See Weights

N.

iSiegroes 					143
News Papers undamped	—	251
Notes, dealing, &c. No. 5.		274
		0,.

]

INDEX.

O.

Oaths	------- — Page 98

Obftruftions in -the Streets and Highways 9 Officers of the Bank imbeziling Money, &c

No. 42.'	    292

Office of Conftable	*-----*	321

Orchards robbed	    135

P.

Party Walls,	—	Appendix	382

Paffage	   —	81

Pavements within the Bills of Mortality	56

—:—— in the City and Liberty of Weftmin-fter	51	and	Appendix	388

Pawnbrokers, their Regulation	192

Pedlars and Hawkers -------------*	249

Penfioners of Chelfea College	227

Perjury, its Punilhment, No. 13.	279

Pickpockets and privately ftealing	from	the

Perfon, No. 51.	—	296

Pigeons deftroyed —	Appendix 387
Pirates, No. 52. 			— 297
Places of public Entertainment without Licence	
	184
Plan for preventing Frauds and Felonies 267	
Plate Duty 			117
Players of Interludes		 94
Players in Public Houfes	1S6
Plants, See Roots	
Ponds, breaking ——	— 229
Polls deftroyed 		>35
a z	Poifor.ing

? N P E -

Poifoning, No. 53.	    Page	2	67

Poor Children within the Bills	Appendix 408

Poll Office	-rn---	Ditto 403

Powder for the Hair — —226 Privy Counfellor attempted to be killed or ftruck in his Office, No. 54.	29.7

Priefts and Jefuits, No. 55.	^—	fH4.

Proclamation to difperfe Rioters, Form thereof, No. 57.	——	29B

Profecution of Felons by indigent Perjbns .allowed for, and Rules for profecuting Felons in Middlefex	247

Publicans raifing their Beer or mixing the fame

Appendix 369

Public Houles, diforderly	—r-	iog

-------------	Regulations	concerning	them	400

Pulling down Houles, Churches, and other Buildings	——.k	70

Qu

Quakers Affirmation	——	252

Quartering the Guards in Weftmiofter, more fully explained	Appendix 370

Quartering Soldiers	—	205

Quays, robbing. No. 21.	2.82

R.

Rabbets, Healing	Appendix 390

Rails broke down	-----—	,135

Rape, No. 15.	   279

Rates of Hackney Coaches and Chairs 61

and Appendix 392 Receiving

INDEX.

Receiving ftolen Wood	Page	137

Receivers of Rolen .Goods in general, No. 27.

285

Records .emheziled,- No. 56.	—	2p8

Regrating	—-	Append* 371

Rent	----- -=-~-	i,6r

Refcuing 'Felons from Conftables, No. 34. 287 Rewards taken for ftolen Goods, and not pro-• dyeing the Thief	24.6

Rewards for .apprehending Felons, No. 8 3 to 93.

310 to 316

Rioters, No. 57.	298

Robbing any Perfon in any Dwelling Houle,

NO. 2.	«--------------------273

Roly Poly	 ■	8t

Roots, Plants, (3c. deftroyed	Appendix 394

Rubbilb thrown into the Streets	40

Rules -agreed to by the Pawnbrokers 270 Refiners of Gold and Silver to take out a Licence	T, ■—T—	I 99

s.

Sabbath

jSiai.es by Lottery

Safefmen in the Haymarket Sakfmen of Cattle Scavengers	—

Sea Filh

45 and Appendix 399 78

U9

124

13*

83

Seal, Great or Privy, counterfeited, No. 60. 299

Securities, ftealing, No. 5 Seducing Artificers, (3 c. to go Abroad,

Serpents and Squibs	 —

Servants in Husbandry	•——

in general

274 180 7* 139

ibid.

Servants

INDEX.

Servants, Obfervations	Page	141

Sharpers, their Schemes and Devices 254

Sheep-ftealing, No. 39.	  290

Ships deftroyed to defraud Infurers, No. 74. 306 —— robbed to the Value of 40 s. No. 21. 282 Shipwrecks, No. 75, 80.	30610308

Shoemakers, See Manufaftures Shop-breaking, No. 2.	——	273

Shopkeepers, Cautions -------------------  254

------------a Plan for preventing Frauds and

Felonies	*----------------- 267

Shop-lifting to the Value of 5s. No. r. 273 Shrubs, See Roots

Sign Manual of the King counterfeited, No. 60.

2	99

Silk, See Manufactures

Silverfmiths, their Licence	199

Sluices on navigable Rivers deftroyed, No. 22.

282

Small Beer to the Guards,	Appendix 370
Smugglers, No. 46. —	295
Sodomy, No. 16. —			 280
Soil thrown into die Streets	— 40
Soldiers Quarters and other	Matters relative
thereto 		-* 20 5
Solder, ftealing or receiving	— 235
Spirituous Liquors in general	— 152
Spouting Clubs 		—■ 186
Straw 			119
Stabbing, No. 3S. —	—■ 290
Stables, robbing to the Value of	'5 s. No. 17. 280
Stores ("King’s) embeziled, No.	40. 291
Sundays 		— 45
Swan Eggs .	—. 22 5
Swearing profanely —			 98
	Sweep-

INDEX.

Sweeping the Streets	Page	133

Swine kept in London - 100

T.

Taylors, Journeymen 146 and Appendix 401 Tenants defrauding Landlords	161

Threatning Letters	—	149

Tilt Boats	------- 231

Timber Trees deftroyed by Night—Append. 392 Tradefmen following Bufinefs to which they are

not apprenticed ----------■	115

Tranfportation, and Receivers of ftolen Goods,

No. 27.	  285

Tranfports returning before their Time, £jfc.

No. 28, 29.	  285

Trees cut down	138	and	Appendix	392

Turnips, ftealing or deftroying	151

Turnpikes deftroying and Turnpike Men af-faulting, &c. No. 22.	282

Turnpike Roads, their Prefervation	12

U

Underwoods fpoiled	135 and Append. 394
Unftampt News Papers	251
Ufurers —	—— 227
Utenfils in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures	
exported	»-• ■ ■■ 182
Vagrants	92
Veffels robbing to the Value of 40 s. No. 21.	
	282

W.

1 N'

E> E X.

w.

Walls, Party	Appendix 383

Warehoufe, breaking. No. 2.	273

->- —^ robbing to the Value of $ s. No. 17.

280

Warrens, robbing	Appendix 39 0

Watchmakers and their Journeymen	20f

Watermen, their Regulation1	236

Weights and Meafures	13 2

Wharfs, robbing to-the Value of 40s. No: 21.282 Wheels, the fize of their Fellies on Highways and Turnpikes, with other Matters relative thereto	------	12

Whitening Grounds Tobbing to the Value of ro s. No. 25.	-	'-•**<•	2’8'4

Wine Licence	153

Woods cut and de-ftroyed—135 & Append-. 3,94 — fet on Fire,. Noi 58.	299

Woollen, See Manufactures Woollen Goods deftroyed in the Loom, No. 43.

292

Woollen Goods or Worthed deftroyed in Tenter Grounds, No. 44.	293

Women taken away by Force, Noi '50.	2961

Wrecks, No. 75, 80.	*	306 t(>3o8;

Weights to be carried in London and Weftmin--fter, 13 c. in Carts,- &c.	5o'

EXTRACTS

[ i 3

THE

INTRODUCTION.

AMONG the various Grievances, which a falf: Notion of Liberty induces Men to complain of in this Kingdom, the Multiplicity of our Laws is one ; and more efpecially the great Number of penal Statutes, which inconfiderate Perfons have deemed as Reftraints upon Liberty.

And as fome Men have been weak or wicked enough, to endeavour to diffatisfy the Minds of the People relative to thofe wholefome penal Laws, calculated for the Peace and good Order of this Town, and have thereby made the inferior Clafs of Men impatient of Authority, and rendered the Office of Magiftrate more difficult; it is apprehended that it may be ufeful to explain the Caufe, Nature, Utility, nay, the Neceffity of them: From whence it will appear, that they are really no other Reftraints upon true Liberty, than what every good and honeft Man. would wifh for; for true Liberty can only con lift with thofe Reftraints, which pure Religion and good Government lay upon Mankind.

The Multiplicity of Laws, fays an ingenious Writer, fhould not be looked upon fo much B	as

The INTRODUCTION.

as a Grievance, as the Mark of a declining People and ‘Tacitus fays. In pejfima Rcpublica plurim£ leges.

Indeed, when one Confiders this City as the Metropolis of a Country of Freedom, a Country of Commerce, abounding with Inhabitants, increafing in Buildings, one may eafily account for the Number of penal Laws made for its Government; for in all free Countries, the Increale of Laws muft keep pace with Luxury. But in this Kingdom, the common People enjoy the peculiar Happinefs of being governed by fuch Laws only, as they themfelves have a Share in making. For when any Evil of a public!: Nature arifes in Society to fuch a Height as to become vifible, and to threaten Mifchief, Application is made to Parliament, where, when the Exiftence of the Evil itfelf, and the Certainty of its Confequences are fatisfaftorily proved, fome Remedy is propofed by the Wif-dom of the Legillature ; which, when it has received the Royal Affent, pafies into a Law; and the very Inil ant this is done, the Law becomes iacred, and challenges implicit and univerfal Obedience.

It was the Remark of a Foreigner, that the common People of England feemed to have no ideaof an Offence lefsthan Fraud or Felony; and confidered the Laws of their Country, which were calculated for Peace and good Order, merely as Reftraints and Hardlhips.

If this be true, it is not doubted but that a Review of thefe Laws will have a due Influence on their Minds, and beget a more ready Obedience to them ; for it is clear from Experience, that they are oftener offended againft from ignorance than Obilinacv.	For

s

!

•i

The INTRODUCTION.

For this Purpofe, therefore, I have in the following Sheets made Extracts of all thofe penal Laws which relate to the good Government of this Metropolis, and which will enable every Inhabitant (for whofe Ufe they are particularly calculated) to judge for themfelves when they have received any Injury, Inconvenience or In-fult from another, in what Manner they are to apply for Redrefs, and will point out immediately to them the Punilhment the Law hath prefcribed for the Offender.

What Englijhman would wiili any one of thefe Laws fhould be repealed, fo wifely calculated for the Safety, for the Security of the Lives, Property, Liberty, and Happinefs of the Subjedt? And it is the candid, diligent and impartial Execution of thefe Laws, that makes great Part of the Englijh Police which Word, as it has been greatly mifunderftood and mifreprefented, I (hall endeavour to explain.

The bell; Definition I have ever met with of the Word itfelf, is what follows, viz. That it is the Regulation and Government of a City, or Country, fo far as regards the Inhabitants. And this muft always be fuited to the Nature of the Government and Conftitution of the Country where it is exercifed. The Police of an arbitrary Government differs from that ufed in a Republic -, and a Police proper for England, muft differ from them both; as it muft always be agreeable to the juft Notion of the Liberty of the Subjedt:, as well-as to the Laws and Conftitution'of this Country; and is principally obtained by keeping up a Diligence and Adlivity of that noble Inftitution the Civil Power.

In

The INTRODUCTION.

r In the Year 1754, there were feveral large and defperate Gangs of Street-robbers, Houfe-breakers, &£. that infefted this Metropolis, and the Neighbourhood about it; who committed the moft audacious Robberies, Cruelties and Murders.

His Grace the Duke of Newcafile, fhocked at thefe outrages on his Majefty’s Subjedts, direfted die late Henry Fielding, to confider of fome Plan for the fpeedy Removal of thefe Mif-chiefs, and for the more eafy apprehending and bringing fuch Offenders to Juftice; which was immediately laid before his Grace, approved and fupported by him, but the Execution of it on his Death fell to my Lot; and what happy Effects have fmce arofe from this Police, the Public can belt judge. 4§>

When thefe Acts of Violence were fubdued. Prevention was the nextObjedt of Confideration as an effential Part of the Police; which was the enabling one or more Magiftrates in this great Metropolis to give up their whole Time to the Public; to be watchful over Evils as they arofe in Society, and to fupprefs them in their Infancy by a due Execution of the Laws; for by habituating Mankind to an Obedience to the Laws of their Country, Peace and good Order imperceptibly arife: And at the fame Time, by bringing all Informations of Fraud and Felony into one Point, keeping a Regifter of Offenders, making quick purfuits, opening a general Cor-refpondence with all the active Magiftrates in the Country, and defraying little Expences of Enquiries, Meffengers, and of Purfuits in the firft Inftance, Efcapes are rendered difficult, and Dilcoveries eafy.^ Circumftances perhaps

;s

The INTRODUCTION.

that may deter many a one from thefe dangerous Enterprizes, and induce them rather to make a Trial of Induftry for an honeft Livelihood.

It was intended that thefe Magiftrates Ihould^ compofe and reconcile the Differences among the Poor, and thereby prevent litigious Suits, which, as they make rich Men poor, muff . make the common People and their Families Burdens to their Parilhes.

That they Ihould be attentive by Day and Night to all Informations of Fraud and Felony, and be vigilant and indefatigable in the purfuic of Offenders, by encouraging, inffrufting, and preferving Harmony among the Peace Officers, and by rewarding them, and all other Perfons affifting them in fatiguing and dangerous Undertakings : And by all Means that they Ihould dif-courage common Informers,who are aptto trepan the Subjeft into Offences for the fake of the Penalty ; for when an Evil is not fufficient in itfelf to produce credible Witneffes for the Execution of the Law intended to remove it, it may truly be faid to be no Evil at all.

That they Ihould, by Publication and every other Means in their Power, make the penal Laws known, and enforce ,an Obedience to them by a due Execution thereof; for by making Punilhment lefs frequent, its Effeft is ftrengthened.

For this Trouble a competent Salary for Life Ihould be allowed, that they may be truly Independent and feek for no other Advantage either from the Poor or the Rich, than that of the happy Opportunity of reconciling the Differences of the former, and the pleafing Taflc of pre-B 3	>	venting

6

The INTRODUCTION.

venting Infults on the latter; and let the weak or wicked laugh at or abufe this Police as they pleafe, every true Briton muft have this Satis-faftion to refled, that no private Perfon whatever, no Watchman, Beadle, Conftable, or Ma-giftrate, can unjuftly deprive him of his Liberty or Property with Impunity.

From an attentive Perufal of thefe Extrads it will appear, that it is fcarce poffible for a Subjed to fuffer either Injury, Inconvenience, or even Infult, without fpeedy Remedy. And as the Ignorance of the Law is no Excufe for the Breach of it, it is greatly to be hoped and much to be wifhed, that this Publication of the penal Laws, will take away the difagreeable Neceffity of putting any of them in Execution;—Prevention being in all Refpeds more eligible than Punifliment.

But that the above Plan may be executed with EfFed, it is highly neceflary that the Public fhould do their Part, by giving immediate Notice of all Frauds and Felonies, with exad Defcriptions of Pcrfons and Things ; on which Account all Expreffes and Meffengers will be paid their Expences, and rewarded for their Expedition, and their Informations received at all Hours. And if any Inhabitant is annoyed by diforderly, or Gaming-houfes, Hops, or illegal Aflemblies, by their Children, Servants or Apprentices, haunting the fame; Information or Notice thereof being given by Letter or otherwife, due Enquiry will be made, and every Means ufed to fupprefs the Evil. In thefe Cafes, Inhabitants appearing them-

felves, renders the Matter eafy ;-for ir has

been found bv Experience, that nine out of ten

of

7

The INTRODUCTION.

of thefe irregular Meetings have been fuppreffed merely by the Magiftrates fending to the Parties, and making them acquainted with- the Nature of the Offence, and the Penalties which the Laws in fuch Cafes prefcribe. For which Purpofes, by Means of the late friendly Attention to the Police of his Grace the Duke- of Grafton, one Magiftrate at lead: attends daily in. Bow Street from Ten to Two, and from Five to-Nine; and on every Wednefday three or more Juftices fit there from Ten to Three, in Order to re-examine all fuch Prifoners as have been committed in the preceding Week, that they may have Time to fend for Friends and Wit-nefles to fhew their Innocence, and prevent their being unwarrantably precipitated into Trials for Fraud or Felony ; and alfo to tranfaft fuch public Bufinefs relative to Nufances, Apprentices, and the Wages of Artificers, as requires the Prefence of more than one Juftice, to execute which is a fmgular Convenience to this Metropolis,

B 4

EXTRACTS

[ 8 ]

EXTRACTS

F ROM THE

PENAL LAWS

Relating to the Peace and good Order of this Metropolis.

CHAP. I.

Ex trails from 30 Geo. 2. c. 22.	18	Geo.

2.	c- 33- 31 Geo. 2. 2 W. & M. Self.

2.	c. 8. relating to the ObJiruEiions in the Streets and Highways, and to the ConduEl of Drivers of Carts, Cars, Drays, and other Carriages.

TH E Increafe of Bufinefs, arifing from the Advancement of Commerce, the Addition of Inhabitants, and the croud-ing of Buildings in this Metropolis, occafioned fome Mifchiefs, and many Accidents, from the Inhabitants confidering too much their own Conveniency, neglefting the Laws of Society, and forgetting that noble Rule of doing as we would be done by.—Thele Caufes, at length, producing daily Obftru&ions in the Streets,

and

9

Ext raffs from the Penal Laws. and Injuries to the Paflengers therein, made the following Laws neceffary.

I.	The 30 Gio. 2. c. 22. f. 5. enafts. That no 9^ru®‘on* Perfon lhall wilfully obftruft the palling or re-in generaI‘ paffing of his Majefty’s Subje&s, in any public Streets, Lanes, or open Pafiages, within the

Cities of London and Wejlminjler, and Suburbs thereof, the Borough of Southwark, and other Streets within the Bills of Mortality.

Observ. I'his is a general Claufe, and relates to Obfirutlions of every Kind.

II.	Or (hall put, or fet any empty Pipes, By Caflts-Butts, Barrells, Calks, or other Yeflels, in any

fuch public Streets, Lanes, or open pillages, within the Limits aforelaid, (except for fuch reafonable Time only as lhall be neceffary for the carrying or removing thereof to or from any Houfe, Warehoufe, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, or for the trimming thereof) •,

III.	Or lhall fet or place any empty Cart, Carts sn<* _ Car, Dray or other Carriage, in any fuch pub-otll£r Cami‘ lie Street, Lane, or open,Paffage within the^CS'

Limits aforefaid, except only during fuch reafonable Time as any fuch Cart, Car, or other Carriage, lhall be plying for Hire, in the

Place or Places appointed, or to be appointed, for the ftanding thereof, fo to ply for Hire, by the Perfons authorized to appoint fuch the Standings thereof; and except during fuch reafonable Time as any fuch Cart, .Car, Dray, or other Carriage, lhall be waiting in any fuch public Street, Lane, or open Paflage, to load or unload Goods or' Commodities, or to take up or fet down a Fare •, on Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding 20 s. nor lefs than 5 s.

or

10

No Carriage to ply for Hire in the Streets here mentioned.

Owner’s Name and Number to be fixed on Carriages. Penalty 40 s.

Time for Carts to (land in the Hay Market.

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws] or be committed for any Time not exceeding a Month.

IV.	No Hackney Coachman, Carman, or other Perfon or Perfons, fhall ply for Hire with any Hackney Coach, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, in Bridge Street, Parliament Street, Great George Street, St. Margaret's Street, or Abingdon Street, in the City of Weftminfter, or any of the faid Streets; or flop, or ftay any longer Time in any of the faid Streets, than to take up, or fet down a Fare, or load or unload Commodities; on Pain of forfeiting not more than 20 s. nor lefs than 5 j. or being committed for any Time not exceeding a Month. S. 6.

V.	And for the more eafi ConviSion of Offenders, it is enacted by 18 Geo. 2. c. 33. f. 4, 5, 6. That in Cafe any Perfon Ihall drive any Cart, Car or Dray, within the Cities of London and JPeftminfter, and Suburbs thereof, the Borough of Southwark, and other Streets within the Bills of Mortality, not having the Owner’s Name, and the Number of fuch Carriage placed upon fome confpicuous Part thereof, or not having his Name, Number, and Place of Abode entered with the Commifiioners for licenfing

Plackney Coaches, he Ihall forfeit 40 s.-----------

and any Perfon may feize and detain fuch Carriage, or any of the Horfes, till fuch Penalty

fhall be paid.----And, [by 30 Geo. 2. c. 22. f.	2.]

on changing the Property, the new Owner’s Name to be affixed to the Carriage, on Pain of forfeiting the like Penalty.

VI.	By the 31 Geo. 2. No Perfon or Perfons fhall permit or fuffer his, her, or their Waggon, Cart, or Car, loaden with Hay or Straw for

Sale,

ExtraBs from the Tenal Laws.	\i

Sale, to ftand or be in any Hay Market within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, from Lady Day to Michaelmas after Four o’Clock in the Afternoon, and from Michaelmas to Lady Day after Three o’Clock in the Afternoon, on Pain of forfeiting 5 s. ——The Profecution to be within

three Days.------The Application to be made

to a Magiftrate, and the Offender to be fum-moned.

By the 2 W. & M. Seff. 2. c. 8. f 4. No Obitruflions Perfon or Perfons fhall hoop, walh or cleanfeor any Pipes, Barrels, or other Cafks or Vdfels, m°^e “t0 in any of the Streets, Lanes, or open Paffages mend; Tim-within the Bills of Mortality; nor fhall fet out beror Stone!, any Dung, Soil, Rubbifh, or empty Coaches to make or mend, or rough Timber or Stones, to be fawn or wrought in the Streets, on Pain of forfeiting 20 s. for every Offence.

Observ. As the Perfons moft Halle to offend againft the above Statutes, are the Drivers of Carts,

Cars, Drays, and other Carriages, if Brewers,

Carmen, Hackney Men, Brickmakers, &c. who are conflantly hiring frejh Servants from the Country, who are Strangers to thefe Laws, would print thefe Extracts, and give them to every new Servant, it might be the Means of prefervmg their Cattle and Carriages from Injuries, and prevent the Servants from fubjefting themfelves to the Penalties of the faid Statutes. And it would be feafonable fo to do every Winter, as Carriages mu/t then neceffarily in-creafe, and the Streets be more crouded at the Meeting of the Parliament,

CHAP,

12

ExtraBs from the Fenal Laws.

The Number of Horfes with which broad or narrow wheeled Waggons or Carts may be drawn on the Highway.

CHAP. II.

Extracts from 7 Geo. 3. c. 40, & 42. relative to Wheel Carriages drawn on ‘Turnpike Roads and Highways, and the Number of Horfes allowed, &c.

BY Chap. 42. SeS-28. It is ena&ed, That no Waggon having the foie or bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of lefs breadth than nine Inches lhall go or be drawn with more than fix Horfes; and that no Cart, having the foie or bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof, of lefs Breadth than nine Inches, lhall go or be drawn with more than four Horfes; and that no Waggon having the foie or bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth: of nine Inches lhall go or be drawn with more than eight Horfes; and that no Cart having the foie or bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of nine Inches lhall go or be drawn with more than five Horfes refpedively upon fuch Highways; on Pain of forfeiting all the Horfes above the Number hereby limited, together with the Geers, Bridles, Halters and Accoutrements, to the foie Ufe of him who lhall feize the fame.

By Chap. 42. SeB. 39. It is enafted, That no Waggon, having the Wheels bound with Streaks or Tire of a lefs Breadth than two Inches and a Half when worn, or being fet or fattened on with Rofe-headed Nails, lhall go or be drawn with more than three Horfes; on Pain 3	of

ExtraSis from the Penal Laws. of forfeiting all the Horfes above that Number, together with the Geers, Bridles, Halters and Accoutrements, to the foie Ufe oi him who (hall feize the fame.

By Chap. 42. Sett. 40. It is enabled, That the Exceptions: above Claufes (hall not extend to Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, employed only in carrying any one Stone, Block of Marble, or Piece of Metal or Timber, or to fuch Ammunition or Artillery, as (hall be for his Majefty’s Service; or to Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, employed only in Hulbandry or manuring of Land •, or in carrying of only Hay, Straw, Fodder, or Corn unthrelhed till Michaelmas one thoufand feven hundred and fixty nine.	«■

By Chap. 42. Seft. 41. The Horfe or Horfes Method of fo feized, to be delivered to the Care of the Sizing Horfes Conftable, Headborough, Tything-man, or fome&c* other Officer of the Parifh, Townfhip, or Place, where faid Seizure was made, or of the next Pa-rilh, Townfhip, or Place, who are to receive and keep the fame, till the Perfon or Perfons who made fuch Seizure, (hall make Proof upon Oath before fome Juftice of the Peace of the Offence committed, which muff be within fix Days after the faid Seizure; otherwife the Horfe or Horfes, with the Geers, Bridles, Halters, Accoutrements,

&c. to be delivered to the Owner, and fuch Coft and Charges to be paid to him by the Perfon who made fuch Seizure, as fuch Juftice or Juftices (hall allow and direft; and every Perfon making Seifure of any fuch Horfe, or other Thing, and not profecuting fuch Seizure within the Time, and in Manner aforefaid, (hall forfeit to the Owner of fuch Horfe, or other Thing, the Sum of Forty Shillings, for every fuch Seizure,

H

Name and place of Abode of the Owner to be placed confpi-caonfly on every Cart, Waggon, &c.

Offences of Drivers.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

zure,----The fame Method to be ufed on

turnpike Roads. See 7 Geo. 3. Ch. 40.

By Chap. 42. Sett. 42. It is enafted, That the Owner of every Waggon, Wain, or Cart, lhall place, write, or paint, or caufe to be placed, written, or painted upon fome confpicuous Part of his Waggon, Wain, or Cart, before he or Ihe (hall ufe or drive the fame, upon any public Highway, his or her Chriftian and Surname, and the Place of his or her Abode, in large legible Letters, and continue the fame thereupon fo long as fuch Waggon or Cart lhall be ufed upon any fuch Highway; any Perfon neglefting the fatae, or placing, writing, or printing, a fiftiti-ous Name or place of Abode, lhall forfeit for every fuch Offence, the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

By Chap. 42. Sett. 43. It is enafted, That if the Driver of any Cart, Car, Dray, or Waggon, lhall ride upon any fuch Carriage, in any Street or Highway, not having fome other Perfon on Foot, or on Horfeback, to guide the fame, (fuch Carriages as are refpeftively drawn by one Horfe only, or by two Horfes abreaft, and are conducted by fome Perfon holding the Reins of fuch Horfe or Horfes excepted) or if the Driver of any Carriage whatfoever, on any Part of any Street or Highway, lhall by Negligence, or wilful Milbehaviour, caufe any hurt or damage to any Perfon or Carriage, palling or being upon fuch Street or Highway, or lhall by Negligence or wilful Milbehaviour, prevent, hinder, or interrupt, the free Paffage of any other Carriage, or of his Majelly’s Subjefts on the laid Highways ; or if the Driver of any empty or unloaded Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, lhall refufe

Extra Sis from the Penal Laws.	15

or negleft to turn afide, and make Way for any Coach, Chariot, Chaife, loaded Waggon, Cart, or other loaded Carriage, fhall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, if a Driver; but if Owner, a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, or be committed to the Houle of Correction for any Time not exceeding one Month; on Conviction before any one Juftice of the Peace of the Place where the Offence was committed ; and any Perfon may apprehend fuch Offender without a Warrant, and carry him before a Juftice of the Peace.

Observ. Where the Offender is known, or can he found by the Name or Number on the Carriage, or any other Means, and time will admit of it, a Complaint to a Magiftrate is firft recommended.

By Chap. 42. Sell. 46. It is enafted, That if Refifttng the any Perfon or Perfons, fhall refift or make forcible oppofition againft any Perfon or Perfons employed ^iea ^ in the due Execution of this Aft; or fhall hinder, Duty in Con* or attempt to prevent or obftruft the feizing, or (fables, &c. diftraing of any Horfe, hereby direfted to be forfeited for the Offences herein before mentioned; or make any refcue of Cattle or other Goods, diftrained by Virtue of this Aft -, or if any Con-ftable, Head borough, or Tythingman, fhall re-fufe or negleft to execute or obey any Warrant, or Precept granted by any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, purfuant to the Direftions of this Aft, fhall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor lefs than Forty Shillings, or be committed to the common Gaol, or Houfe of Correction, for any Time not exceeding three Months, unlefs the faid Forfeiture fhall be loon-er paid; on Conviftion, before one Juftice where the Offence is committed, the Penalty to be paid to the Surveyor.

Bv

i6	Extracts	from the Penal Laws.

4ppca] tothe By Chop. 42. Sell. 54. Perfons aggrieved by Quaner-Sef- the Seizure of their Horfes, may Appeal to the Cons. Quarter-Seflions, and by giving Security for the Payment of the Value of fuch Horfes, tsfc. in cafe the Conviction Ihould be confirmed, fliall have the Horfe delivered to them.

The fame Method to be ufed in Seizures on turnpike Roads. See 7 Geo. 2. Ch. 40.

Allowance of Se£l. 1. Chap. 40. Enafts, That every Wages'1*" of g0rlj y?hofe Soles or Bottom of the Fellies of the cST Wheels, are not of the Breadth of nine Inches, their loading lhall pay Twenty Shillings additional Toll, for on turnpike every Hundred Weight above three Tons, and ®oa<is* when the Soles or Bottoms of the Fellies of the Wheels, are of the Breadth of nine Inches, then Twenty Shillings for every Hundred Weight exceeding fix Tons, and for every Cart, the foies or bottoms of the Fellies of the Wheels whereof are of the Breadth of nine Inches, Twenty Shillings for every Hundred Weight exceeding three Tons: not to extend to Carriages employed in Hulbandry or to Carriages with Wheels and Axle-trees conftrudted agreeable to this Ad.

Regulations Sett. 7. Chap. 40. Enads, That no Waggon, Cof Wain, or Cart, fliall pafs along any turnpike Whet:™ of B°ad, being above twenty Miles from the Ci-Waggont,&c. ties of London or IVeftminjler, having the Fellies above 20 of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gage Miles from 0f nine Inches at the bottom, unlefs the fame Lon on. fha.ll be made and conftruded in fuch Manner that no pair of fuch Wheels (except fuch as lhall roll a Surface of fixteen Inches) fliall be wider than four Feet fix Inches, from Infide to Infide, to be meafured on the Ground; and that the Diftance from the Centre of the fore

Wheel,

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	if

Wheel, to the Center of the hind Wheel of any fuch Waggon, or four Wheel Carriage, (not being ufed for the Carriage of Timber only) be not above nine Feet, to be meafured from the Centre of the Axle-tree at the Ends thereof, on Pain of the Owner or Owners of every fuch Waggon, Wain, or Cart, forfeiting the Sum of five Pounds for every fuch Offence. Surveyor or Gate Keepers of any Turnpike Road, may Mea-fure the fame, and Perfons obftrudling them to forfeit five Pounds.

By Sect. 8. It is enafted, That no Waggon or Number of other four wheeled Carriage, having the Fellies Horfes, &c. of the Wheels of the Breadth of nine Inches, a'lowed t0 fhall pafs or be drawn on any Turnpike Road, ag2°n5,&c' with more than eight Horfes; nor any Cart or other two wheeled Carriage, having Wheels of the Breadth aforefaid, with more than five Horfes the Horfes to be drawn in pairs, except where there is an odd Horfe, and except where the Number of Horfes fhall not exceed Four ; and alfo that no Waggon, Wain, or other four wheeled Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of lefs Breadth than nine Inches, fhall pafs or be drawn on any Turnpike Road, with more than four Horfes, or fix Oxen or neat Cattle, in pairs, and two Horfes, or eight Oxen or neat Cattle, in pairs, and one Horfe; and no Cart, or other two wheeled Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of lefs Breadth than nine Inches, with more than three Horfes, or fix Oxen or neat Cattle in pairs, and one Horfe, or four Oxen or neat Cattle in pairs, and two Horfes; on Pain of the Owner forfeiting Twenty Shillings, and alfo every Horfe or other Beafb of Draught, above C	the

i8

Narrow wntekd Vv'agions noi 10 be drawn by Hsnes in pairs.

Drivers offending againlt this Law may be apprehended without War-ram, and liable 10 forfeit

Ovnrr's Name and PU».e ofn-todc to be a:-xed,scd the V*ords Common Stage Waggon of Girt to be a&ed.

Extracts from the Penal Laws. the Numbers before prefcribed to any Perfon or Perfons who (hail feize or fue for the fame.

By See!. 13. Char. 40. It is enaCted, That it {hail not be lawful for any Waggon or four £ wheeled Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of lefs Breadth or Gage than nine Inches, to pafs upon any Turnpike Road, or through any Turnpike Gate, or Bar, if the fame be drawn by horfes in pairs, (other than and except Waggons and four wheeled Carriages, loaden with Fi(h, Rabbits, Poultry, Calves, alive or llaughtered, or Lambs only.)

By Sect. 16. It is ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons lhall upon any Turnpike Road, drive or act as the Driver or Drivers of any Waggon, Cart, Wain or Carriage, having Wheels of a Conftructicn not authorized by this Adi, or drawn by more than the Number of Horfes, Oxen, or neat Cattle, hereby refpeftively appointed, he (ball forfeit five Pounds, on Conviction before any one Juft ice of the Peace for the Piace where the Offence is committed, and may be apprehended by any Conftable, Tyth-ingman, Surveyor, or any other Perfon without

2.	Warrant.

By Sec!. i3. It is enacted, That every Owner cr Owners cf any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, {hail paint, or caufe to be painted in large and legible Characters, upon the Tilt of every inch Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, which has a Tiir, and upon the moft confpi-cuous Part of fuch Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carnage, which has net a Tilt, before he, fhe.

'Extracts from the Penal Laws.	(19)

or they, fhall ufe or drive the fame upon any Turnpike Road, his, her, or their Chriftian and Surname or Names, and the Place of his, her, or their Abode, and likewife on the Part and in Manner as aforefaid, the Words COMMON STAGE WAGGON or CART, as the Cafe may be, on Pain of forfeiting five Pounds; and if any Perfon fhall paint, or caufe to be painted, any falfe or fictitious Name on fuch Waggon Wain, Cart, or Carriage, he. Are, or they, (hall forfeit the Sum of five pounds ; and if any Owner or Owners of any common Stage Waggon or Cart, fhall travel with or ufe the fame, without having the Words hereby required to be painted thereon, he, fire, or they fhall forfeit Forty Shillings.

By Sect. 31. It is enaCted, That all Perfons Deflroying who fhall pull up or deftroy any Pofts, Banks, ^ofls’ Bar'ks> fet up on the Tides of the Roads for the Secu- facin^Mile" rity thereof, or Parapets of Bridges, or fhall de- Stones and face Mile Stones or Direction Pofts, fhall for- DireSion feit any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, norI>0l!s-lefs than ten Shillings, or be committed to the Houfe of Correction, there to be whipped, and kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, nor lefs than feven Days, on Conviction before one Juftice.

By Sect. 32. It is enafted, That if any Per-Drying fon or Perfons, fhall deftroy any Toll-Gate, or10,1 Bar, Toll-Houfe or weighing Engine, or fhall ^ ,°rrhnq7_ refeue fuch Offenders, he (hall be guilty offenders. Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

C 2

By

(20)

Penalty of ob-iirucnng the

Execution of this Act.

Extracts from the Penal Laws'.

By Sect. 50. It is enacted, That all Perfona who (hall obftruct the Execution of this Aft, aiTault any Gate-keepers, prevent the Seifure of any Horfe, &c. the meafuring of any Wheels; or if any Conftable (hall negleft or refufe to execute any Warrant founded on this or any other Turnpike Aft, he forfeits any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor lefs than forty Shillings, or to be committed for any Time not exceeding three Months, unlefs the faid Forfei-tu«e (hall be fooner paid.

CHAP.

Extracts from the Penal Lancs'	19

CHAP. III.

Extracts from 30 Geo. 2. relative to the Fares oj Cars, Carts and Car room ^ taking up Goods in the City.

I.	Statute enacts, That the Juftices

■ of the Peace of the City of London 1 for the Time being, fhall have Power and Authority at the General Sefiions of the £a(°s Peace, which fhall be holden for the faid City Prices for of London next after the 24th Day of June in Carriage of every Year, as Occafion fhall require, to aflefs Coods. and rate reafonable Rates and Prices for the Carriage of all Goods taken up in the faid City of London, and carried by any fuch Licenfed Carts, tdc. as well in the faid City of London, as from the faid City of London into the City of W'ejiminfter, or any other Place not exceeding the Diftance of three Miles from the faid City and make of London, and alfo to make Rules and Orders Ru'es srf for the Regulation of the Drivers of fuch Carts,

Carrs and Carroons, to compel Payment for ]>fvers. the Carriage of Goods, and to annex reafonable Penalties for the Breach of fuch Rules, not exceeding 51. for each Offence. The faid Rules to be printed and affixed up in fome public Place of the City, and to be otherwife made public, within 30 Days after making the fame.

II.	That no Perfon fhall ufe or drive any No Pcrfon to Cart for Hire in the City of London, or the **ave °r ufe Liberties thereof, without Licence for that ^'“.1i"hou°tn‘ Purpofe firft obtained from the Governors of Licence from Cbrifi's Idofpital ■, on Pain of forfeiting 40 s. on Chrift’i Hof-C 3	Conviction,	PitaI>

20

Carts r.oi ilattd bur J iaces sp potctsd.

V. Hat to ! ceeir.cJ i.oj.Is, hi

load;, dc

Extracts from the Penal Laws '. Conviction, before one juft ice of the Peace of the City of London.

: to III. That no empty Cart or Car of any at Carman Pnall Hand in any other Place or Places ' in the City of London or Liberties thereof, other than thofe appointed for that Purpofe, unlefs during fuch Time as is neceffary for the loading or unloading Goods; nor no greater Number of Carts to ftand than Ihall be appointed by the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen ; on Pain of forfeiting 5 j. for the firft Offence ; 10 s. for the fecond and for the third and every other Offence, the Sum of 20 s. and the Beadles or Conlbbies, or any of the Inhabitants of the City of London, may take the Cart and Horfes of any fuch Offender to the Green Yard, there to be impounded until the Owner (hall have paid the Penalty incurred, and the Charges of impounding the fame, fei IV. Everv Parcel cf Dry Goods, fuch as In-digo. Argot, Cheefe and all other Goods (not hazardous) of the like Bulk and Weight, whether in one or many Calks above 19 Hundred Weight, not exceeding 25 Hundred Weight, to be deemed a Load.

Ditto above r e, not exceeding 19 Hundred Weight, a [mail Load.

Ditto, not exceeding 15 Hundred Weight, an half Load.

Parcels of Grocery to be deemed as follows, that is to lay.

For, or as a full Lead.'

Two Hogfheads of Sugar, light or heavy. Three Tierces oi ditto, not exceeding 25 HundteJ Weigh:.	One

Extracts' from the Penal Lanes.

One Butt and one Carroteel Currans.

Fifty Bafkets Malaga orDenia Raifins.

Thirty Frails or Pieces of Alexias.

Twenty Barrels of Belvideras or Leporas.

Twenty Barrels or eighty TapnetsFigs.

One Butt, and a fmall Calk of Smyrnas.

Three Bales of Annifeed.

Six Barrels of Almonds.

For, or as a fmall Load.

One Butt Currans or Smyrnas.

One Butt and one Roll Currans.

Twenty Quarter Barrels or fifty Jars of Raifins of the Sun.

Three Puncheons of Prunes.

One Hogfliead of Sugar, or any Parcel of Grocery, not exceeding 15 Hundred Weight, to be deemed an half Load.

Pot or Pearl Afhes, weighing from 19 Hundred Weight to 25 Plundred Weight to be deemed a Load.

One ditto, not lefs that 15 Hundred Weight, a fmall Load.

TwoHog(heads of Tallow, a Load.

Fifh, Oil, ten Barrels to be a Load.

RATES to be paid for Carriage,

From any of the Keys below the Bridge, to any Part of Lower Fhames-ftreet up Fijh-ftreei-hill to the Monument up Pudding-lane, Bololpb-lane, St. Mary-hill, St. Dunftan’s-Hill, or'any of the Lanes leading from Thames-fireet, Pudding-lane, Bololpb-lane, and that Part of Upper Lbames-C 4	freet

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Jlrect from the Bridge-foot to St. Martin's-lane, St. Mies's lane and Old-Jwan.

For every Load, as above-mentioned, 2 s.

For every /mail or half Load, 1 s. 6 d.

From any of the Wharfs between the Tower and London-bridge to Dyer's-ball, Cole-harbour, Steel-yard, Doublehood Warehoufe, Laurence-pountney-iane, Three Cranes, Queen hithe, Queen-fir tet-bill, College-hill Dowgate-Hill, that Part of Fifi-Jlreet-hill above the Monument, or any of the Lanes as high as both Eajl cheaps, leading from Lower Thames-fireet to Tower-Jlreet, Mark-lane, Lime-jireet, Billiter-lane, Leadenhall-ftreet, Dukes-place, St. Maty-axe, Bijhopfgate-firect within, Cornbill, Finch-lane, Lombard-fireet, Bircbin-lane, Abcbtircb-lane, Clement’s-lane. Grace-church-Jlrcet, both EaFt-cbeaps, Philpot-lane, Rood-lane, and Places of like Diftances.

For a Load, 2 s. 6 d.

For a final! Load, 2 s.

For an half Load, is. 6 d.

From the Keys to Broad-ftreet, Thread-needle '■ fir eet, Lotbbury, Bartholomew-lane, London-wall, Coleman-freet, Bafingball-ftreet, Old-jury, St. Law-rence-lane. Ironmonger-lane, Milk-ftreet, Alderman-bv.ry, Weod-ftrcet, Cbeapfide, Poultry, St. Martin's-le-grand, Newgate-ftreet, Pater-nofter-row, St. Pauls Church-yard, Doclors-commons, Old-change, Friday-fireet, Bread-ftreet, Bow-lane, Watling-ftreet, Bafing-lane, Bread-fireet-hill. Trinity-lane, Old Fijh-ftreet, or any Part of Tbames-ftreet, from Queenhithe to Puddle-dock, or Places of the like Diftance within the Gates, and alfo to Bijhopfgate-without, not

exceeding

■rExtraBs from the Penal Lam.	2%

exceeding the London Workhoufe, Aldgate High-ftreet within White-chapel-bars, Houndfditch and the Minories.

For a Load 3 s.

For a ftnall Load, 2 s. 6d.

For an half Load,.i s. 6d,

From the Keys to all Places within the Gates and Bars (the above-mentioned Articles, other-wife afcertaincd before excepted,)

For a Load, 3 s. 64.

Fora /mail Load, 2 s. sod.

For an half Load, 2 s. 6 d.

For Torkjhire Packs to all Places within the Gates, per Pack, 2 s. 6 d.

For ditto, to all Places between the Gates and Bars, per Pack, 3 s.

For Spanijh Wool to any Place within the Gates, per Bag, 4 d.

And from all other Warehoufes to Blackmll-hall, and all Inns within the Gates, per Bag, 3 d.

For ditto, to all Places between the Gates and Bars, per Bag, 5 d.

N. B. To carry nine Bags of Spanilh Wool in a Load, and no more.

Several kinds of Goods next herein after-mentioned, being either not weighable, hazardous or cumberfome, are to be carried at the Rates next herein after fpecified, viz.

Eajl India Goods that are weighable, as Tea,

Coffee, fcfc. to any of the Companies Warehoufes, in Fencburch-fireet, Lime-flreet, the Exchange, &c. 2s. 2d. per Ton, and 2d.per Hundred the Over-weight.

/Ill

Extracts from the Penal Lavas.

All Pieces of Arrack containing about 15O Gallons, 2 s 2 d. each, or a greater Quantity in two or more fmaller Calks, 2 s. 6 d.

Hamburgh, Amfterdam, Rotterdam, Scotch and Irijh Linens, in Chefts, Vats, Bales and Packings, of various Weights and .Sizes, from 6 d. to 3 s. per Cbeft, Bale, (Ac.

Tobacco to the refpedtive Merchants Ware-houfes, per Hogjhead, 1 s.

And from all Warehoufes to the Water-fide, per Hogjhead, 8 d.

Smyrna, Cotton per Bag, Sacks of Goats Hair, Wool, or of Galls or Silk, Nuts or Spunges, or Colloquintida, or Bales of Cotton Yarn, or Chefts of Drugs or Piftachia, each 4 d.

Cyprus Cotton, per Bag, 9 d.

iTurkey Silk, per Bale, 6 d.

Bales of Carpets each, 1 s.

' Fangots or Sacks of Mohair Yarn, or Fangots of Silk, each 3 d.

For Cartage of Wine, Oil, Brandy, Rum,

W 0 Pipes, two Butts, or four Hogf-

heads of Wine, two Pipes, two fmall

Butts, one great Butt, four Hoglheads, or any Quantity of Oil, whether in one or more Calks, above 200 not exceeding 300 Gallons, to be accounted a Load.

One Pipe and one Hoglhead, or three Hog-fneads of Wine, three Hoglheads or any Quantity of Oil above 150 and not exceeding 200 ‘Gallons, to be efteemed a fmall Load.

One Pipe, one Butt, or two Hoglheads of Wine, one imall Butt, two Hoglheads or any

t

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws'.

Quantity of Oil, not exceeding 150 Gallons, to

be efteemed an half Load.

From any of the Keys below the Bridge, to any Part of Lower Thames-ftreet, or any Part of Upper Thames-ftreet as far as the Three Cranes, or to any of the Lanes or Hills leading from or to the above Places, to Tower-ftreet, Mark-lane, Mincing-lane, Seetbing-lane, Crutched-friars, Poor-jury-lane, Fenchurch flreet, Lime-Jtreet, Billiter-lane, Leadenhall-ftreec, Duke’s-place, St. Mary-axe, Bijhopfgate-ftreet within, Cornhill, Finch-lane, Lombard-ftreet, and anyjof the Lanes leading from thence, Canon-ftreet, IValbrcok, Budge-row, Grace-church-ftreet, both Eaft-cheaps, Philpot-lane, Rood-lane, and Places of the like Diftance.

For a Load, 2 s. 6 d.

For a fmall Load, 2 s.

For an half Load, is. 6 d.

From the Keys to Broad-ftreet, Thread-needle-ftreet, Lotkbury, Bartholomew-lane, Coleman-ftreet, Old-jury, St. Lawrence-lane,	Ironmonger-lane,

Milk-ftreet, Aldermanbury, Wood-ftreet, Cheapfide, Bow-lane, Bucklersbury, Poultry, the Back of the Exchange, Friday-ftreet, Bread-ftreet, Bafing-lane, Bread-ftreet-hill, Trinity-lane, Old Fifh-ftreet, any Part of Thames-jlreet Weftward of the Three-cranes, and places of the like Diftance.

For a Load, 3 s.

For a fmall Load, 2 s. 6d.

For an half Lead, 2 s.

From

2 6

Ext rafts from the Penal Laws.

From the Keys to London-wall, St. Martin’s-le grand, St. Paul's Church-yard, Doctors-commons, Patcr-nofter-row, Newgate-ftreet, Blow-bladder-ftreet, Bull-and-moutb-ftreet, Foftcr-lane, and Places of the like Diltance within the Gates; as alfo to Bijhopfgate without, Aldgate High-ftreet within, Whitechapel-bars, Houndfditcb, and the Minories.

For a Load, 3 s.

For a fnall Load, 2 s.

For an half Load, is.

From the Keys to Ludgate-hill, Fleet-market, Old-bailey, Snow-hill, Holboiirn-bridge, Smithfield, Alderfgate-ftreet. Barbican, Redcrofs-ftreet, Fore-ftreet, and Places of the like Diltance.

For a Load, 3 s. 6d.

For a fnall Load, 3 s.

For an half Load, 2 s.

From the Keys to Fleet-ftreet, Temple-bar, Fetter-lane, Holboimi-hill, and Places of the like Dil-' ranee.

For a Load, 45.

For a fnall Load, 3 s.

For an half Load, is. 6 d.

N. B. One Piece and one Puncheon of Brandy add two Puncheons of Rum, to be ac-. counted a Load.	/

One Piece of Brandy, or any Quantity of Rum above 150, not exceeding 200 Gallons, to be efteemed a fnall Load.

One Pipe or one Puncheon of Brandy, one Puncheon or any Quantity of Rum, not exceed-i ing 50 Gallons, to be efteemed an half Load.

For

Extracts jrom the Penal Laws.

For Cartage of Goods from the Wharfs,

Weft ward of the Bridge, the fame Parcels of Goods to be accounted a Load————A J.mall

Load----------An half Load., as from the Keys

below the Bridge.

From any of the Wharfs between London-Bridge and Puddle-dock, to any Part of Upper ‘Thames-ftreet, or any of the Hills or Lanes leading direftly out of it.

For a Load, 2 s.

For a /fiall Load, is. 6 d.

For an half Load, is. 6d.

From any of the Wharfs between London-bridge and Queenhithe, or any of the Warehoufes in or adjoining to that Part of Upper Thames-ftreet, to all Places above excepted within the Gates,

For a Load, is. 6d.

For a finall Load, 2 s.

For an half Load, is. 6d.

To all Places between the Gates and Bars,

For a Load, 3 r. g.d.

For afmallLoad, is. 6d.

For an half Load, is. id.

From any of the Wharfs between Queenhithe and Puddle dock, or any of the Warehoufes in or adjoining to that Part of Thames-ftreet, to Old FiJh-Jlreet, Carteflane, Doflors-Commans, Bafmg-lane, St. Paul's Church-yard, Newgate-ftreet, Cornhill, and all Places within the Gates, Weftward of the Streets leading from Bijhopf-gate to London-bridge, up the Hill.

For

Extracts from the Penal Laws,

For a Load, is. 6d.

For a j.mall Load, 2 s.

For an half Load, i s. 6 d.

To Little Eaft-cheap, Lower-ftreet, Fenchurch-ftreet. Lower Lbamesftreet, Crutched-friars, and all Places within the Gates, Eaftward of the Streets leading from Bijhopfgate to London-bridge, as alfo to Ludgate-hill, Old bailey. Fleet-market, Holbourn-bridge, Snow-hill, Smithfield, Aldersgate-ftreet. Barbican, and all other Places Weftward of Cripplegate within the Bars,

For a Load, 3 s.

For a fmall Load, 2 s. 6d.

For an half Load, 2 s.

To Fore-ftreet, W^hitecrojs-ftreet, Bijhopfgate-ftreet without, Houndfditch, and all other Places Eaftward of Cripplegate within the Bars,

For a Load, 3 .r. 6 d.

For a fmall Load, is. 10 d.

For an half Load, is. 3d.

For the Cartage of Goods from London to the City of Weftminfter, the Borough of Southwark, and the other Out-parts and Ltdurbs of London, and all Places adjacent, from the Keys.

EVERY Parcel of Dry Goods, fuch as Indigo, Argol, Cheefe, and all other Goods (not hazardous) of the like Bulk and Weight, whether in one or many Calks, above 19 Plun-dred Weight not exceeding 25 Hundred Weight, to be deemed a Load.

Ditto

Extrash from the Penal Laws'.

Ditto above 15 not exceeding 19 Hundred Weight, a J;mall Load.

Ditto not exceeding 15 Hundred Weight, an half Load.

Each of the following Parcels of Grocery to be accounted a LOAD:

Two Hogfheads of Sugar, light or heavy.

Three Tierces of ditto, not exceeding 25 Hundred Weight.

One Butt and one Carroteel Currans.

Fifty Bafkets Malaga or Denia Raifins.

Thirty Frails or Pieces of Alexias.

Twenty Barrels Belvideras or Leporas.

Twenty Barrels or eighty Tapnets Fig®

One Butt and a fmall Calk Smyrnas.

Five Barrels of Rice.

Three Bales of Annifeed.

Six Barrels of Almonds.

A fmall LOAD.

One Butt of Currans or Smyrnas.

One Butt and Roll Currans.

Twenty Quarter-Barrels or 50 Jars of Raifms of the Sun.

Three Puncheons of Prunes.

Pot or Pearl Afhes, weighing from 19 Hundred Weight to 25 Hundred Weight, be deemed a Load.

One Calk not lefs than 15 Hundred Weight, a fmall Load.

Two Hogfheads of Tallow, a Load.

One Hoglhead of Sugar, or any Parcel of

Grocery,

Extracts from the Penal Lanai'.

Grocery not exceeding 15 Hundred Weight, to be deemed an half Load.

Wine, Olive Oil, Brandy, Rum, &c. as follows, viz.

Two Pipes, two Butts or four Hogfheads of Wine, one Piece and one Puncheon, two Puncheons or Pipes of Brandy, two Puncheons of Rum, two Pipes, two fmall Butts, one great Butt, four Hogfheads or any Quantity of Oil, whether in one or more Calks above 200 not exceeding 300 Gallons, to be accounted a Load.

One Pipe and one Hogfhead, or three Hog-iheads of Wine, one Pipe or one Puncheon of Brandy, three Hogfheads or, any Quantity of Oil, Rum, &c, above 150 not exceeding 200 Gallons, to be efteemed a fmall Load.

One Pipe, one Butt or two Hogfheads of Wine, one Pipe or one Puncheon of Brandy, one Puncheon of Rum, one Pipe, one fmall Butt, two Hogfheads, or any Quantity of Oil, not exceeding 150 Gallons, an half Load.

Fifh, Oil, ten Barrels to be (and not hazardous) a Load.

From any of the Keys below the Bridge, or from Camor.-ftreet, Lombard-ftreet, Leadenhall-ftreet, and Places of the like Diftance, not exceeding Cornbill, Bijhopfgate-ftreet within. Wall-brook, Budge-row, Qiteen-fireet-hill, and Queen* hitbe, to any Part of the High-ftreet in the Borough of Southwark, as far as St. George's Churchy to any of the Wharfs in ‘Tooky-ftreet, not exceeding Symmoncts Wharf, and Places adjacent, of the like Diftance.

For

31

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

For every Load of Dry Goods and Grocery as above-mentioned, is. 6 d.

For a J.mall Load of ditto,, 2 s.

For an half Load of ditto, 1 s. 6 d.

Wine, Olive Oil, Rum, &c. from and to the above-mentioned Places,

For a Load, 3 j.

For a fmall Load, 2 s. 6 d.

For an half Lead, is.

From any of the above mentioned Keys and the above-mentioned Places to the Bankfide, Gravel-lane, Deadman's-place, Blackman-jlreet, Kent-fir eet, White-fireet, Long-lane, Bermondfey-ftreet, St. Saviour’s-dock, or Rock-head, Shad-thames, Blacks-fields, or any of the Wharfs in Yooley-jlreet, below Symmond’s. Wharf, and all Places adjacent, of the like Diftance,

For every Load of Dry Goods and Grocery as above-mentioned, 3 s.

For every fmall Load of ditto, is. 6d.

For an half Load of ditto, is.

Wine, Oil, Brandy, Rum, See. to the above-mentioned Places,

For a Load, 4.'.

P’or a fmall Load, 3 s.

' For an half Load, is. 6 d.

[Yhe Bridge and Bridge-Yard Yali to be paid by the Merchants.]

D

From

32

Extracts from tke Penal Laws '.

From any of the Keys below the Bridge, any of the Hills or lanes leading from Lower Tbames-ftreet, from Tower-ftreet, Fencburcb-flreet, Leadenball-ftreet, Grace-cburcb-flreet, Bijhopfgate-ftreet within., and all Places adjacent, on the Eaft-fide of the Streets leading from Bijhopfgate to the Bridge, to Chancery-lane, the Strand from Temple-bar to the New-churcb, the Butcher-row, and Places adjacent, of the like Diftance.

For every LoadoFDry Goods or Grocery, 4;. For a fmali Load of ditto, 3 s.

For an half Load of ditto, 2 s.

Wine, Olive Oil, Brandy, Rum, &c. from and to the fame above Places.

For a Load, 45. 6d.

For a fmali Load, 3 s. 6d.

For an half Load, 3 s.

To that Part of the Strand beyond the New-church, St. Martin's-lane. Long-acre, Drury-lane, Covent-garden, Seven-dials, Monmouth-Jlreet, Lin-coltis-inn-jields, Clare-market, High Holbourn, St. Giles’s as far as the Church, Grays-inn-lane, Red-lion-Jlreet, Bloomjbury, and Places adjacent, of the like Diftance.

For a Load of Dry Goods or Grocery, 5 s.

For a f mall Load, 4 s.

For an half Load, 3 s.

Wine, Olive Oil, Brandy, Rum, &c. to the above Places.

For a Load, 5 s. 6 d.

For a fmali Load, 4 s. 6d.

For an half Load, as.

To

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

To Charing-crofs, Whitehall, any Part of Weftminjler as far as Buckingham-gate, St. James’s-ftreet, Piccadilly, to the End of Dover-Jlreet, Old-bond-ftreet, Conduit-ftreet, Newport-market, Soho, Oxford-road, to the End of Great Swal-low-Jlreet, and Places adjacent of the like Distance,

For a Load of Dry Goods or Grocery, 6 s.

For a fmall Load, 4 s. 6 d.

For an half Load, 4 s.

Wine, Olive Oil, Brandy, Rum, See. to the above Places,

For a Load, 7 s.

For a fmall Load, as. 6 d.

For an half Load, 4 s. 6 d.

To Grofvenor-fejuare, May-fair, Berkley-fqtiare, Hanover-fquare, New-Bond-ftreet, Cavendijlo-fquare, and Places of the like Diftance,

For every Load of Dry Goods or Grocery, 7 s. For a fmall Load of Ditto, 5 s. 6 d.

For an half Load of Ditto, 4 s. 6d.

Wine, Olive Oil, Brandy, Rum, &c. to the aforefaid Places,

For a Load 8 s.

For a fmall Load, 6 s. 6d.

For an half Load, 5 s.

From the Keys to Goodmans-fields, Eaft-Smitb-field, the Hermitage, White-chapel without the Bars, as far as George-yard, not exceeding Birty-D 2	lane.

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

lane, and Places adjacent of the like Diftanee, For every Load of Dry Goods or Grocery, 3 s. For a fmall Load of ditto, is. 6d.

For an half Load of ditto, 2 s.

Pot or Pearl jfjhes, Weights as before defcribed.

For a Load, 3 s. 6d.

For a fmall Load, is. 6d.

For an half Load, 2 s.

Fifh Oil, for a Load, 3 s.

Wine, Olive Oil, Brandy, Rum, &c. to the aforejaid Places,

For a Load, 35.

For a fmall Load, is. 6 d.	j

For an half Load, is. 6d.

To White-chapel, Church-lane, Field-gatex Nightingale-lane, Virginia-fireet, Well-clofe-fquare, and Places of the like Diftanee.

For every Load of Dry Goods or Grocery,

2 s. 6d.

For a fmall Load of ditto, is. 10 d.

For an half Load of ditto, i s. 3 d.

Wine, Olive Oil, Brandy, Rum, &c. to the aforejaid Places.

For a Load, 4 s.

For afmall Load, 35.

For an half Load, is. 6d.

ExtraBsfrom the Penal Laws;	35

To Rat cliff-highway. Waffling, Old Gravel-lane, Cock-hill, Shadwell, and Places adjacent, of the like Diftance.

For a Load of Dry Goods or Grocery, 4 s.

For a /mail Load of ditto, 3 s.

For an half Load of ditto, 2 s. 6 d.

Wine, Olive Oil, Brandy, Rum, &c. to the above Places.

For a Load, 51.

For a frnall Load* 4 s.

For an half Load, 3 r. 6d.

To Ratclff-crofs, Stepney-catifwayt Limeboufe, Bell-wharf, Shadwell dock, and all Places adjacent, of the like Diftance,

For a Load of Dry Goods and Grocery, 5 s.

For a fmall Load of ditto, 4 s.

For an half Load oi ditto, 3 s. 6d.

Wine, Brandy, Rum, Olive Oil, &c. to the above Places,

For a Load, 6 s.

For a fmall Load, 5 s.

For an half Load, 4 s.

From the Keys to Spital-fields, Shoreditch,

Moor fields. Windmill-hill, Chifzocllftrect, and Places adjacent, of the like Diftance,

For a Load of Dry Goods or Grocery, 4 s.

For a fmall Load of ditto, 3 s.

For an half Load of ditto, 2 s. 6 d.

D 3	Wine,

Extrafls from the Penal Laws,

[Vine, Oil, Brandy, Rum, See. to the above Places,

For a Load, 4 s. 6d.

Fora /mall Load, 3 s. 6d.

For an half Load, z s. 6d.

To Old-fireet, that Part of Whitecrofs-fireet out of the Freedom of the City, Golden-lane, Gofxell-ftreet, St. Jobn’s-jlreet beyond the Bars, Ckrkenwell, Leather-lane, Saffron-bill, Hockley-in-tbe-bole, and all Places adjacent, of the like Diftance,

For every Load of Dry Goods or Grocery, 4*.

For a /mail Load of ditto, 3 s.

For an half Load of ditto, 2 s. 6 d.

Wine, Olive Oil, Brandy, Rum, &c. to the afire-mentioned Places,

For a Load, 4 r. 6d.

For a f.mall Load, 3 s. 6d.

For an half Load, 2 s. 6d.

And as to all other Places and Goods not before particularly mentioned, the fame are to be carried and paid for in the Manner following', that is to fay.

All Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, what-foever, weighing 14 Hundred Weight, or under, fhall be deemed half a Load-, and from 14 Hundred Weight to 26 Hundred Weight, fhall be deemed a Load, from any Part of the City of London and the Rates for carrying fhall te as follows:

For

Extracts from the Penal Laws',

For any Way within and to the extention of half a Mile, for half a Load, or under, i s. 6d.

For above half a Load, and not exceeding a Load, 2S. 6 d.

For any Way more than half a Mile, and to the Extention of a Mile, for half a Load, or under, 2 s.

For above half a Load, and not exceeding a Load, 3 s.

For any Way more than a Mile, and to the Extention of one Mile and a half, for half a Load, or under, 2 s. 6 s.

For above half a Load, and not exceeding a Load, 3 s. 6 d.

For any Way more than a Mile and a half, and to the Extention of two Miles, for half a Load, or under, 3 s.

For above half a Load, and not exceeding a Load, 4 s.

For any Way more than two Miles, and within two Miles and an half, for half a Load, or under, 3 s. 6 d.

For above half a Load, and not exceeding a Load, 5 s.

For any Way more than two Miles and an half, and within three Miles, for half a Load, or under, 4^.

For above half a Load, and not exceeding a Load, 5 r.

For any Way more than three Miles, and within three Miles and an half, for half a Load, or under, 4 s. 6 d.

For above half a Load, and not exceeding & Load, 5 s. 6d.

D 4

For

L»J

8	Extracts	from ike Penal Laws.

For any Way more than three Miles and art half, and within four Miles, for half a Lead, or under, 5 s.

For above half a Load, and not exceeding a Lead, 6 s.

And fo after the fame Rate to the Extent of Ground limited by Act of Parliament.

And for all Merchandizes and Commodities that cannot be divided, weighing above 26 Hundred Weight, the Carman lhall, over and above the Rates above-mentioned, receive and be paid after the Rate of 2 d. fer C. for every Hundred Weight exceeding 26 Hundred Weight, and fo in Proportion for lefs than a Hundred Weight.

That if any Difpute lhall arife between the Employer and the Carman, about the Diftance of Ground that the Goods have been carried, or the Weight of the Goods carried, either Party is to be at Liberty to apply to the Lord Mayor, or any Juftice of the Peace of the City of London: And on fuch Application, the Ground lhall be direfted to be meafured from the Place where the Cart was loaded, by fome Perfon to be appointed for that Purpofe by the faid Lord Mayor, or any fuch Juftice to whom fuch Application lhall be made. And if a Difpute arifes concerning the Weight of the Goods carried, the fame lhall be weighed, if it can be conveniently done, and the Party in Default lhall pay all fuch Expences as lhall be afeertained to be reafonable by the Magiftrate before whom the Parties lhall have been heard.

Obssrv.'

39

Extra3s from the Penal Laws.

Observ. It is much to be lamented, that the above AR had not extended the Power of the Sejfions to fixing the Rates and Fares of Carmen taking up Goods in the City and Liberty of Weftminfter, and Parts adjacent, as they are at prefent under no regulation relative to their Fares; and it is alfio much to be wijhcd, that the Fares of Porters, who carry Goods and Parcels from the Inns to different Parts of the Town, who are very apt to im-pofe on the Parties to whom they carry them, were fettled and fixed •, as many Perfons have been obliged to pay more for little Prefents of Game, Sec. than the Value of the Things them].elves.

CHAP. IV.

Extracts from the 32 Geo. II. for the better Regulation of Laflage and Ballafiage in the River Thames, and to prevent putting cf Rubbifl:, Afhes, Dirt or Soil, into the faid River, and in the Streets, Pajfages and Kennels, in London, and in the Suburbs thereof, in Middlefex and Weftminfter, and finch Part of the Duchy of Lancafter as is in Middlefex, Sec.

I.	F)Y this Aft it is allowed that 10,000 Ton e3m;

D of Dung, Compoft, Earth, Soil, Chalk,

Chalk Rubbifb, Soap Afhes, (Ac. is allowed to be yearly (hipped as Ballad from any Part of the River Thames; Entries of winch to be made at the Trinity Ilonfe.

II. If

4°

Not to be thrown into the River.

Nor Rnbbifli or Earth.

No Ru^bifh or Soil to be thrown into the Streets.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

II.	If any {hip or Vefiel (hall come into the River Thames with any Ballaft therein, no Part of any fuch Ballaft lhall be unloaded, put or thrown from or out of any fuch (hip or Vefiel into the faid River, but all fuch Ballaft fhall be laid or put, at the Expence of the Owner or Owners, or Matter of every fuch refpective (hip or Vefiel, on feme common Wharf or Quay near the faid River, or on fome Ground or Place above High-water Mark, or to be unloaded in Lighters from the Trinity Houfe, on Pain of forfeiting 5 I.

III.	No Perfon whatever (hall unload, put or throw into the River Thames, any Rubbifh, Earth, Afties, Dirt or Soil, from any Wharf, Quay, or Bank adjoining, or near to the faid River, or from out of any Barge or Lighter, on Pain of forfeiting for every fuch Offence 40 s.

IV.	No Perfon or Perfons (hall lay, throw or put any Rubbilh, Earth, Sand, Afties Dirt, Filth or Soil, in any Street, Lane, Court common Way or Pafiage, within the faid City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or in the Suburbs thereof, in the faid County of Mddlefex, or in any Street, Lane, Court, common Way or Pafiage, in the faid City of Weftminfter, or the Liberties thereof > or in fuch Part of the Duchy of Lancafter as lies in the County of Mddlefex; other than fuch as is or are allowed by Law to be laid or heaped up to drain, ready for the refpedtive Scavengers or Rakers, within their feveral Precincts, to carry away •, or fweep, throw, carry, or otherwife put any Rubbilh, Earth, Sand, Allies, Dirt, Filth or Soil, into

any

4

41

Ext rafts from the Penal Laws.

any Kennel or Channel in the City of London or the Liberties thereof; or in the Suburbs of the faid City of London, or the Liberties thereof, or in the faid City of Weftminfter, or the Liberties thereof; or in fuch Part of the Duchy of Lan-cafter as lies in the County of Mddlefex, other than fuch as lhall be fwept away by the re-fpeftive Inhabitants, before their refpeftive Habitations, on Pain of forfeiting ioj. or to be committed to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding one Month.

V.	Nothing in this Aft lhall extend to pre- Exception, vent any Inhabitant, or his or her Servant, from fweeping immediately after Snow, Thaw or Rain, into any Kennel or Channel within the Limits aforefaid, any Ice, Snow, Dirt or Soil, which by Means of any fuch Snow, Thaw or Rain, fliall be before his or her Houfe or Tenement, (other than and except Rubbifh, which fliall be call: out, thrown or put in any fuch Street, Lane or Paffage, within the Limits aforefaid, from repaired or decayed Buildings, or otherwife) or to inflift any Penalty on any fuch Inhabitant, or his or her Servant, in refpeft of his or her fo doing.

D

VI.	Juftices of Peace may convift Offenders Juft Ices m againft this Aft, on their own View and proper convift on Knowledge, in their refpeftive Jurifdiftions; ?^rn‘ or may grant Warrants on the Information of Iorm:ltl0n• others to apprehend fuch Offenders, and fum-

mon Witnefies---------Profecution to be within

feven Days.-----------Witnefles	refuftng	to	obey

when fummoned, or to give

tviuence

forfeit ao s.

42

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

40 s. to the Poor of the Parifh where the Offence is committed.

Observ. The two great Objects of the Legiflatur'e in this Ail, are the Prefervation of the Navigation of the River Thames, which is of the utmoft Confequence to this Metropolis., and Cleanlinefs in the Streets, which is of no lefs Confequence to the Eafe and Health of the Inhabitants.

CHAP. V.

Extracts from 2 W. Sc M. fe(T. 2. c. 8. for enlightning the Streets.

Obs. /tS Magiflraies do every Year, at Mi-chaelmas particularly, attend to the Execution of this Statute, the Publication of the following Claufe may perhaps prevent fame Inhabitants from falling under the Penalty of the Law. Indeed, in mojl of the pubiick trading Streets, the immediate Inter eft, as well as Safety, induces the Inhabitants to hang out Lights as foon as the Evenings become long and dark; and it is much to be wifhed, that the Lights were equally attended to in that Part of the Town where People of Fafhioh generally dwell-, many of whom, not coming to Town till near Chriftmas, forget or neglect to order their Lamps to be lighted, not conftdering that they are fubjebl to the Penalty hereafter mentioned, nor the Inconvenience it is to Pajfengers, who may at pre-fent walk up half a long Street, without feeing a Lamp:

Inhabitants to I. By the above Statute it- is enacted, That hang oat every Houfholder, within any of the Pariflies, '®hts‘ Places, or Precincts, in the Counties of Mid-

dlefex

43

ExtraSls from the Penal Laws.

dlefex and Surrey, and the City and Liberty of Weftminfter, comprized within the weekly Bills of Mortality, whofe Houfe adjoins unto, or is near the Street, from Michaelmas unto Lady Day yearly, fhall every Night fet or hang out Candles or Lights in Lanthorns on the Outfide of the Houfe next the Street, to enlighten the fame for the Convenience of Paffengers, from Time to Time, as it fhall grow dark, until Twelve o’Clock in the Night, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of z s, for every default; excepting fuch Perfon or Perfons as fhall agree to make Ufe of Lamps of any Sort, to be placed at fuch Diftances in the Street as fhall be approved of by two or more Juftices of the Peace,

One half of this Penalty to be paid to the Informer, the other Part to the Poor of the Parifh, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods.

N. B. This Part of this Adt only relates to thofe Streets that are not new Paved by the Com-miffioners.

Obs. The Legiflature, hy giving one half of She Penalty to the Informer, doubtlefs intended to facilitate the Execution of the Penal Laws •, but it certainly has a contrary Effeli \ for thofe who make Informations before Magijtrates from the mere Motive of the Reward, are of the difrepu-table Kind; and the Advantages annexed to Informers, have rendered the Office itfelf odious, ,and deterred many reputable Perfons from redreffing Injuries and Inconveniences they have laboured under, for Fear of the odious Imputation of an Informer. And it is believed, that if Rewards in general, given to Informers by penal Laws,

were

44

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

were taken away, and the whole Penalty given to the Poor, &c. the Laws tbemfelves would be eafier executed, and the Evils they were intended to remedy, eafier removed. For it is from Experience I have obferved, that for one Information made from the Motive of tbe Reward, twenty have been mads from a Defire only of removing a public Evil or Nufance, without the leaft Regard to tbe Reward, which fuch Informers have generally applied tbemfelves to charitable Ufes, having firft paid the Expence of the Pro-fecution: But as Gain is tbe common Idea of the Motive of all Informations, many even of thefe Per-fons have been infilled for their good Offices to tbe Public, which would not be tbe Cafe, if Rewards in general were taken away and tbe Removal of Evils tbemfelves would always be found fufficient Motives for Complaint, and at the fame fime it would give Weight and Dignity to the Laws tbemfelves.

As the above Afts only oblige Inhabitants to hang out Lights till Twelve o’Clock; and as the Manner in which many of them do hang out their Lights, is the Occafion of much Inconvenience, it were to be withed that one Law was made for enlightning the City of Weftmin-fter and the adjoining Parilhes, in the County of Middlefex, by which Lamps fhould be fixed on Pofts on the Outfide of the Footway or other-wife, and in Courts and Paflages in the beft Manner they will admit of, at fuch Diftances as the Church-wardens and Overfeers, for the Time be-ing,*of every Parifh, and one Juftice of the Peace lhall think proper; with a Power for every fuch Parilh to make and raife a rate for the Payment of the fame. The faid Lamps to be lighted by Five in the Evening, from Michaelmas to Lady-Dry, and during the other Part of the Year, by

Nine.

45

Extracts jrcra the Penal Laws,

Nine. And as the Watch at prefent are of very little Ufe from the Smallnefs of the Wages given, which puts the Truft into the loweft Hands, and from the Length of the Time which they watch, which makes them often leave their Stands to re-frefh themfelves, or fubjefts them to deep, it would be ufeful, if in the fame Law one Provi-fion was made for the Watch throughout the above-mentioned Parifhes, whereby each Parifh might be enabled to make a larger Rate for the Watch; fo that there might be a double Number of Watchmen who might relieve one another in the middle of the Night, which would not much increafe the prefent Expence, but would induce more reputable Perfons to undertake this Duty, as they would be able by Means of this Relief to follow their ordinary Callings the next Day, which at prefent is impofiible, as they are obliged to fit up the whole Night.

CHAP. VI.

ExtraBs from the 29 Ch. 2. c, 7. &c. relating to the due Obfervance of the Sabbath.

1N the befl: of Chriftian Countries in the Uni-| verfe, and where Examples of Piety and Virtue abound amongft all Ranks in Life, one fhould imagine that the Divine Law, fo ftriftly enjoining us to keep holy the Seventh Day, would be obferved with more Decency and Reverence than it is •, tho’, indeed, in the Country, where the Inhabitants of finall Towns and Villages, and their Adtions, are refpeftively

known

4.6	Extra&s	from	the Penal Laws.

known to each other, there is no great Reafon to complain ■, and it were to be wiihecl, that even the fame Degree of Decency was obferved in this Metropolis. Perhaps, becaufe, the Breach of fo ftrict a Command of God him-l’elf, is not immediately followed by the Pu-nilhment it delerves. Mankind are apt to abufe that Long-fuffering and Forbearance which arife from the Mercy of the Divine Being. The Le-giflature, fenfible of this, out of their great Wifdom and Piet)’, endeavoured to enforce the Obfervance of this Command of God by a hu-. man Inftitution.

I. By the above Statute it is enafted, That-all and every Perfon and Perfons whatfoever, fhall, on every Lord’s Day, apply themfelves. to the Obfervation of the fame, by exercifing themfelves thereon in the Duties of Piety and true Religion, publickly and privately.

Perfons not to II. That no Tradefman, Artificer, Work-exerche man, Labourer, or other Perfon whatfoever,

Lord's Day1 e	or exerc'fe any worldly Labour, Bufi-

nefs or Work, of their ordinary Callings, upon the Lord’s Day, or any Part thereof, (Works of Neceflity and Charity only excepted^ on Pain of forfeiting 5 s. if of the Age of fourteen Years.

Obs. Fko’ from the prefent Plenty of Money, 5 s. may appear to be but a fmall Fine, yet at the Lime when this Law was made, it was a confiie-rable Sum \ and it is for this Reafon, we hear, that this Penalty is under Confideration for Amendment. None to cry III. That no Perfon or Perfons whatfoever er expofe fhall publicly cry, fhew forth, or expofe to arest0 e' Sale, any Wares, Merchandizes, Fruit, Herbs,

Goods

Extracts from the Penal Law '.

Goods or Chattels whatfoever, upon the Lord’s Day, or any Part thereof, upon Pain that every Perfon fo offending, fhall forfeit the fame Goods fo cried or (hewed forth, or expofed to Sale.

IV.	That no Drover, Horfe Courier, Wag-D,-overs, goner, Butcher, Higler, their or any of their Horfe Servants, fhall travel or come into his or their t-°urfers<

Inn or Lodging, upon the Lord’s Day, or any

Part thereof, upon Pain that each and every fuch Offender fhall forfeit 20 s. for every fuch Offence.

V.	That no Perfon or Perfons fhall ufe, em- No'.V aterroan ploy or travel upon the Lord’s Day with any orl.ightennan Boat, Wherry, Ligher or Barge, except it be *° on upon extraordinary Occafion, to be allowed by

fome Juftice of the Peace of the County, or Head Officer, or fome Juftice of the Peace of the City, Borough or Town Corporate, where the Fad (hall be committed, upon Pain of forfeiting 5 s. for every Offence ; and in Default of Payment of any of the above Penalties, to be fet in the Stocks for two Hours.

VI.	Perfons may be convicted any of the Manner of above Offences on the View of a MagiftratejConsifiion. who may alfo, on Information upon Oath,

grant Warrants for the apprehending of fuch Offenders. But no Goods can be feized, or Perfons apprehended, without fuch Warrant.

VII.	Provided that nothing in this Ad con- t;yc -p^n. tained, fhall extend to the prohibiting of dref-

$ng of Meat in Families, or dreffing or felling of Meat in Inns, Cooks Shops or Viduailhig Houfes, for fuch as otherwife cannot be provided, nor to the crying or felling of Milk before Nine o’Clock in the Morning, or after Four E	o’Clock

^.6	ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

known to each other, there is no great Reafon to complain •, and it were to be wilhed, that even the fame Degree of Decency was obferved in this Metropolis. Perhaps, becaufe, the Breach of fo ftrict a Command of God him-ielf, is not immediately followed by the Pu-nilhment it delerves, Mankind are apt to abufe that Long-fuffering and Forbearance which arife from the Mercy of the Divine Being. The Le-giflature, fenfible of this, out of their great Wifdom and Piety, endeavoured to enforce the Obfervance of this Command of God by a human Inftitution.

I. By the above Statute it is enacted, That all and every Perfon and Perfons whatfoever, fhall, on every Lord’s Day, apply themfelves. to the Obfervation of the fame, by exercifing themfelves thereon in the Duties of Piety and true Religion, publickly and privately.

Perfons not to II. That no Tradesman, Artificer, Work-eiercHe man. Labourer, or other Perfon whatfoever,

Lord's Day2	or	exerci^e	any worldly Labour, Bufi-

nefs or Work, of their ordinary Callings, upon the Lord’s Day, or any Part thereof, (Works of Necefiity and Charity only excepted) on Pain of forfeiting 5 s. if of the Age of fourteen Years.

Obs. Tko’ from the prefent Plenty of Money, 5 s. may appear to he but a fmall Fine, yet at the ‘Lime when this Law was made, it was a confide-rable Sum •, and it is for this Reafon, we hear, that this Penally is under Confideration for Amendment. None to cry HI. That no Perfon or Perfons whatfoever si expofe [hall publicly cry, Ihew forth, or expofe to 416510 6‘ Sale, any Wares, Merchandizes, Fruit, Herbs,

Goods

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws'.

Goods or Chattels whatfoever, upon the Lord’s Day, or any Part thereof, upon Pain that every Perfon fo offending, fhall forfeit the fame Goods fo cried or fhewed forth, or expofed to Sale.

IV.	That no Drover, Horfe Courfer, Wag-Drovers, goner, Butcher, Higler, their or any of their Horfe Servants, fhall travel or come into his or their <~'our^cr5' s‘e>-Inn or Lodging, upon the Lord’s Day, or any

Part thereof, upon Pain that each and every fuch Offender fhall forfeit 20 s. for every fuch Offence.

V.	That no Perfon or Perfons fhall ufe, em- KWsiernian ploy or travel upon the Lord’s Day with any orLighterman Boat, Wherry, Ligher or Barge, except it be ‘° ",or,1: on upon extraordinary Occafion, to be allowed by Exception, fome Juftice of the Peace of the County, or

Head Officer, or fome Juftice of the Peace of the City, Borough or Town Corporate, where the Fad (hall be committed, upon Pain of forfeiting 5 s. for every Offence; and in Default of Payment of any of the above Penalties, to be fet in the Stocks for two Hours.

VI.	Perfons may be convided any of the Manner of above Offences on the View of a Magiftrate; Coimflion. who may alfo, on Information upon Oath,

grant Warrants for the apprehending of fuch Offenders. But no Goods can be feized, or Perfons apprehended, without fuch Warrant.

VII.	Provided that nothing in this Ad con- i;.Vc -pen tained, fhall extend to the prohibiting of dref-

$ng of Meat in Families, or drefling or felling of Meat in Inns, Cooks Shops or Viduailitig Houfes, for fuch as otherwife cannot be provided, nor to the crying or felling of Milk before Nine o’Clock in the Morning, or after Four E	o’Clock

4s

Frofecution wubin tea Bays.

Hsckcey Coaches and Chairs excepted.

Penalty on Perfcns ab-ftnting from Divine Service,

Extrpfts from the Penal Laws'.

o’Clock in the Afternoon; and except Mackarel, before or after Divine Service, by the n and 12 IV. c. 21. f 13.

VIII.	Provided alfo, That no Perfon or Per-fons fiiall be impeached, profecuted or molefted for any Offence before-mentioned in this Aft, unlefs he or they be profecuted for the fame within ten Days after the Offence is committed.

IX.	Whereas the (landing to Hire, and driving Hackney Coaches, and the (landing to hire, and carrying of Chairs on the Lord’s Day, are or may be underftooa to be forbidden by the before mentioned Aft-, and whereas the faid Reftrainc is many Times found inconvenient, as weli in Order to the Obfervation of the Day as otherwife, It is enacted by the 9 Ann. c. 23. f. 20. That it lhail and may be lawful to and for any licenfed Hackney Coachman, or his Driver or any Chairman, to ply and (land with their Coaches and Chairs, and to drive and carry the lame respectively, on the Lord’s Day, within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality,

Obs. Fran this Claufe it appears, That Hackney Coaches and Chairs an the only privileged Carriages to work for Hire on Sundays. And as triage Coaches were much in Ufe, and well known at the Time of making the lafl-mentioned Adi, if the Legifiature bad intended to fuffer them to travel with their Stages on Sundays, they would, no doubt, have been mentioned in the above Exception. Their Owners or Drivers, therefore, are certainly fubjehi to the Penalties of the above-mentioned Aft of Cha. II.

X.	By 1 Eliz. c. 2. fell. 14. Perfons abfent-ing themfelves from Divine Service on Sundays, without reafonable Excufe, forfeit 1 s. for every

Offence,

Extracts from the Penal Laws'.

Offence, to be levied by the churchwardens, for the Ufe of the Poor, and zol. for every Month.

Obs. I'he Injunftion in this Claufe was made in the Infancy of Reformation, when the Remains of Bigotry and Superflition, the Conjequences of Ignorance, influenced the Minds of the then Englifh Subjects; but by the long Prablice of the left of Religions, and by the great Pains that have been ftnce taken, by many excellent Divines, to open and enlarge the Minds of their Hearers, and to convince them of the Happittefs that arifes from the Practice of our eftablijhed Religion •, float is now become Matter of Inclination, which the Legiflature before thought an Objebl of Force; and tho’ it be fome-what inconvenient, yet it is a Pleafure to reflect that many of the Churches in this Metropolis are now too fmallfor the Reception of the Parijhioners, which has given Rife to the Building of many Chapels of Eafe, and it were much to be wifloed that they were under the proper Regulations of the Mini-fters of each Parifh, as it would be more confluent. ■ with Decency and true Religion, than the prefent Mode of theatrical Preaching.

E 2

CHAP.

5°

Limitation of Burthens.

Breadth of Wheeis.

Number of Horfes

Exception.

Extracts jrom the Penal Laws,

CHAP. VII.

Ext rafts from the 6 Geo. i. c. 6.	26

Geo. 2. c. 30.	18	Geo.	2. c. 33. 29

Geo. 2. c. 25.	31	Geo.	2.	—	relating	to

the Prejervaiion of the Pavements in the City and Liberty of Weftminfter, and the fpeedy repairing the fame,

I.	T> Y 6 Geo. 1. No Perfon in London or jD V/epninjier, or within ten Miles thereof, funlefs it be upon the Turnpike Roads where the Fellies of the Wheels are nine Inches broad) {hall carry at one Load in any Waggon or Cart, having the Wheels (hod with Iron, more than 12 Sacks of Meal, of five Bufhels each, nor more than 12 Quarters of Malt, nor more than feven Hundred and an half of Bricks, nor more than one Chaldron of Coals, on Pain of forfeiting any one of the Horfes, with the Geers, Bridles and Halters therewith ufed, on Con-viclion within three Days before one Juftice. This not to extend to the Ingrain in Coals by 4 Geo. 3. c. %<}./. 25. Seealfo 26 Gee. 2. c. 30. f. 5.

II. By 18 Geo. 2. The Wheels of every Cart, Car or Dray, within the Bills of Mortality, fhall be fix Inches broad in the Fellies, which may be bound with Iron, provided the Plates are full fix Inches wide; and no Cart, Car or Dray, {hall be drawn with more than three Horfes after they are up the Hills from the Water, on Pain of forfeiting 40 s. but this not to extend to any. Country Cart or Waggon that fhall bring any Goods, or fhall carry any Goods half a Mile beyond die paved Streets of the faid Cities and Places.J

III.

Si

ExfraBs from the Penal Lam.

III.	By 29 Geo. 2. c. 25. The Dean or High Steward, or his Deputy, the two chief Bur-geffes of Wejlminjler, and the other Burgeffes tor the Time being, or any five of them, whereof the faid Dean, High Steward, or his Deputy, or one of the laid two chief Burgeffes, to be one, (hall and may iffue out their Precept Annoyance or Precepts to the High Bailiff, to impanel and Jury, return eighty fubftantial Ploufeholders and Traders refiding in the feveral Parifhes in Wejlmin-

fter \ out of which any Number not exceeding 48, (hall be appointed as an Annoyance Jury, and the faid 48 (hall fubdivide themfelves into fmaller Bodies, not being lei's than twelve in each Body, who are authorized and required to enquire into and prefent to the laid Court, according to their Oath, upon their own View and Knowledge, all defective or bad Pavements, and all Annoyances in, Obftru&ions of, or Encroachments upon, any of the public Ways or Paffages within the faid City or Liberty; and the faid Jury (hall give or leave Notice in Writing of their Intention to prefent the fame at the Houfes to which fuch defeftive Pavements belong, or to the Perfon or Perfons who (hall caufe or fuffer fuch Annoyances, Obftruftions or Encroachments; and if fuch Pavements are not mended, or fuch Annoyances, Obftrudtions or Encroachments removed within fourteen Days after fuch Notice given, the Jury may amerce the Offenders in any Sum not exceeding 40 s.	■	_

IV.	All Perfons infulting or obftrufting the InfuJting the Jury in their Office, if convifted of the fame faitl JU,P before one Juftice, on the Oath of two or more Witneffes, forfeit 40 s.

e 3	y,

52

Extracts from ibe Penal Laws.

V.	The Oath of the Annoyance Juryman is-as follows:

Oath of An- “ Y A. B. do fwear, That I will diligently noyance Jury- « £ enquire and make true Prefentment to this Ean' “ Court of all fuch public Annoyances, and “ other Offences, that (hall be committed in “ Wefiminfur during the Time of my Continu-“ ance in the Office whereunto I am now ap-“ pointed •, and that I will prefent no Perfon or “ Thing thro’ Hatred and Malice, nor leave any “ unprefented through Love, Favour or Afftc-“ tion. So help me God,”

Pavements VI. By 31 Geo. 1. it is enacted, That all oppofite Pavements within the City and Liberty of Wefi-Ch\m±ts,Stc.	belonging or oppofite to Churches, or

other public Buildings or Grounds, which are the Property of any Parilh, and which of right ought to be repaired by fuch Pariffi, (hall from Time to Time be repaired, and kept in Repair, and alfo all Annoyances belonging thereto be removed by the Church-wardens of fuch Parilh for the Time being.

Oppofite VII. And all Pavements belonging or oppo-Warkets. ffie to Markets fliall be repaired and kept in Repair, and all Annoyances belonging thereto be removed by the Proprietors of fuch Markets, their Agents or Leffees.

Oppofite VIII. And all Pavements belonging or oppo-Kofpitals. fli£ t0 Hofpitals, Alms-houfes, charitable Foun-, dations, and all other public Buildings, not being the Property of any Parilh, fliall be repaired, and all Annoyances belonging thereto removed by the principal Officer or Perfon refiding in

, fugly

Exfracls from the Pena!Law'. 53

fuch Buildings refpectively, who are hereby declared to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof.

IX,	And all Pavements belonging or oppo- Oppcf.te fite to Lands and Grounds, or adjoining to any Lands where Wall or Fence where no Houles are erefted or”°e^°-j['s built, (hall be repaired ; and all Annoyances be- e UJ longing thereto to be removed by the Owners of

fuch Lands and Grounds, or other Perfon or Perfons who of right ought to repair fuch Pavements, or remove fuch Annoyances, as the Cafe fhall be.

X,	That all Tenants or Occupiers of Houfes, Landlords to Buildings or Grounds, in all Places within the rcP;nr 1>ave' laid City and Liberty, fliall be fubjeft and liable D1CBts-

to repair the Pavements belonging or oppolite to any fuch Houfes, Buildings or Grounds •, and it (hall be lawful for all Tenants to deduft and detain out of their Rent due or to grow due, all and every fuch Sum and Sums of Money as they (hall have expended in repairing fuch Pavements, according to Notice to be given for that Purpofe by the Annoyance Jury aforefaid (except ■ in fuch Cafes only where Tenants are by any Covenant, Contraft or Agreement, to keep fuch Exception. Pavements in Repair at their Own Expence); any Law or Ufage to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XI,	Pavements broke up by the Proprietors Pavements to of Water-Works are to be relaid by them in a he repaired by fubfta’ntial Manner, and if neglefted for four-

teen Days, the Inhabitants to repair it, and to ' a‘er be reimburfed by the Proprietors of the faid

Water-Works --------and the faid Proprietors to

be fined for .the faid’Negleft in any fum not exceeding 40 s. nor lei's than 20 s.

E 4

XII.

r4

•• h : are to ’ Notice I't-”-.! she t	up

thcreoi.

For fpeecy Removal of .Anooyanccs.

Builder?

Hoards.

ExfraBs from the Tend Laws.

XII.	No Pavior, Proprietors of Water-Works, or their Agent, lhall break up any Pavement without firft giving Notice in Writing to the Occupier of the Houfe or Place to whom fuch Pavement belongs, by what Company of Water-Works they are employed; or where the Proprietor or Occupier cannot be found, by affixing fuch Notice upon fome con-fpicuous Part of fuch Houfe, Ground, Wall or Building, on Pain of being amerced by the faid Jury in any Sum not exceeding 40;. for every Offence.

XIII.	The Annoyance Jury may oblige Per-fons to remove any Annoyances, Obftruftions or Encroachments upon any of the public Ways, Streets or Paffages, within the laid City and Liberty, of fuch a Nature as require as lpeedy a Removal as may be, or can be removed in leis Time than 14 Days, in any lefs Time as the faid Jury lhall think proper; provided they leave Notice in Writing at the Houfe of the Perfon who (hall have caufed or buffered the fame, expreffing the Time given for the Removal thereof; which if they (hall negleft or refufe to remove within fuch limited Time, they lhaji forfeit any Sum not exceeding 40 s.

XIV.	No Builder or other Perfon lhall fet up any Hourd or Fence in any of the publick Streets, Lanes or Paffages within the faid City and Liberty, without a Licence under the Common Seal of the faid Court of Burgeffes, ex-preffing the Length and Breadth of fuch Hourd or Fence, and alfo the Time the fame lhall be allowed to continue; if any Perfon lhall offend in this Particular, or lhall buffer any Materials for building to remain on the Outfide of any

Hourd

S5

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

Hourd or Fence above the Space of forty-eight Hours, fhall be amerced by the faid Jury in a Sum not exceeding 40 s. for every Offence.

XV.	That where the faid Jury of Annoyance Repairing of fhall, upon their View as aforefaid, find any Aments, bad or defective Pavement belonging to any and removing empty Houfe or Building, within the faid City before or Liberty, or any Annoyance before fuchHoufes. Houfe or Building, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Jury, and they are hereby authorized, direfted and required, to prefent fuch de-feftive or bad Pavement, or fuch Nuifance, to the faid Court of Burgelfes, firft leaving Notice in Writing on the Door, or other publick Part of fuch empty Houfe or Building, of their Intention to prefent the fame. And in Cafe the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of fuch Ploufe or Ploufes, Building or Buildings, fhall not, within fourteen Days after fuch Notice given as aforefaid, caufe fuch Pavement to be amended, or fuch Annoyance removed, then the faid Court fhall forthwith caufe fuch Pavement to be repaired, or fuch Nufance to be removed; and the faid Jury fhall amerce the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of fuch Houfe or Building, in fuch Sum or Sums of Money, as by the Order and Direftions of the faid Court fhall be laid out and expended in making good fuch defeftive Pavement, or removing fuch Nuifance, and the Charge attending the fame; which faid Amerciament or Amerciaments fo fee as aforefaid, fhall be levied on the next Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of the Ground-floor of fuch Houfe or Houfes, Building or Buildings, in fuch Manner as is herein after direfted for the levying of other Amerciaments

56

Paved Streets to be kept in Repair.

Extracts from the Penal Laws. merits that (hall be fee and impofed by Virtue of this Act. And it fhail and may be lawful to and for fuch Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of fuch Houfes or Buildings, who fhail pay any Sum or Sums of Money, fo amerced as aforefaid, (if they fhail pay the fame voluntarily) to deduct and detain out of their Rent then due, or thereafter to grow due, all and every fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they fhail fo pay.

CHAP. VIII.

ExtraBs jrom 2 W. & M. fell. 2. c. 8. See 6, 8 and g W. 3. c. 37. relative to Pavements within the Bills of Mortality; the frjl of which Statute cnaBs,

HAT all open Streets, Lanes and Alleys, I which are paved, within the Parifhes of Middlefex and Wefimittjier, and the Liberties thereof, and in the Borough of Southwark, or any of the faid Streets, Lanes or Alleys comprized within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and the Town of Kerfmglon, (hall be from Time to Time repaired, amended and paved at the Cofts and Charges of tire Houfeholders Inhabitants in any luch Streets and Lanes refpedtively; and where any Houfes fhail be empty and unoccupied in any fuch Streets and Lanes, then to be paved and repaired at the Charge of the Owners or Proprietors thereof, in manner following, (that is to fay) ever}’ of the faid Houfeholders, Owners, or Proprietors of Houfes to repair, pave, and

Ext raffs from the Penal Lam.

keep repaired, amended and paved, the Streets,

Lanes or Alleys before his Houfe, Stables or Out-houfes, fo far as his Houfe Walls or Buildings extend, unto the Denter-Stone, Channel, or Middle of the fame Street, Lane, or Alley, on Pain of forfeiting 20 s. for every Perch or Rod, and after that Rate for a greater or lefier Quantity, for every Default; and of 20 s. a Week for every Week after, until the fame fhall be fuffi-ciently paved and amended.

And by the fame Statute it is enabled, That the Juftices in their Quarter-Sefiions may order new Streets within the aforefaid Diftrift to be paved, after the Neceflity of the fame hath been certified to them under the Hands of one or more Juftices of the Peace of the Place or Di-vifion where fuch Streets, &c. doth lie; and Application Perfons Offending againft this Order, are liable one jlrfHce of to pay 40 s. for every fuch Offence or Default, the Peace, for every Perch, and after that Rate for a greater or leffer Quantity; and the like Sum for every Ncw Stree& Week, till the fame be paved, or amended andbe repaired; and when paved or amended, the like"

Sum as thofe that fhall not pave and repair open Streets, Lanes and Alleys.

And the Owners and Inhabitants of fuch new Houfes are obliged by the faid Order to pave fuch new Streets, &c.

But by the fame Statute it is enafted, That Streets pavsd fuch ancient Streets, Lanes and Alleys withinas f°rn>er,y* the faid Places or any of them, as by Cuftom and Ufage have been repaired and paved by any other Order, or in any other Manner, fhall be hereafter repaired, paved and maintained, in fuch Sort or Manner, and by fuch Perfon and

Perfons

^3	Ext rafts from the Penal Lams.

Perfons as have heretofore ufed to repair, pave and maintain the fame, under the Penalties aforefaid.

And by the 8 and 9 W. 3. c. 37. it is enacted,

Joftkes to	That in Cafe any Place within the Bills of

canfe both	Mortality aforefaid, fiiall be by the Juftices of

S^rets ttfbe Peace ordered to be paved, and the other paved, as well Side or Part of the faid Street, Lane or Place without the be out of the faid Bills of Mortality, that in Bilb as	fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the faid

W*“UD‘	Juftices of Peace to caufe the faid other Part or

Side of the faid Street, Lane and Place, to be alfo paved by the refpe&ive Inhabitants next adjoining, under the fame Penalty, and in the fame Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame had been within the faid Bills of Mortality.

Obs. From the above it appears, that whenever there is any Defeft in the Pavements in the City and Liberty of Weftminller, or Annoyances in the Streets, before inhabited or uninhabited Houfes, the one is eqfily repaired, and the other as eafily removed, by Application to the Annoyance Jury j one or more of whom live in every Parijh.

CHAR

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

59

CHAP. IX.

Extracts from 9 Ann. c. 23.	1	Geo.	1.

c. 57. relating to Hackney Coaches, Coachmen, Hackney Chairs and Chairmen.

I.	'T'HIS Aft enacts, That if any Perfon or Perfons refa-. X Perfons fhall refufe or neglect to pay any t0 PaX Coachman or Chairman the Money juftly duethe Fare* to him or them for carrying in his or their Coach or Chair •, or ihall wilfully cut, deface or break any fuch Coach or Chair, it Ihall and may be lawful to and for any Jufticeof the Peace where^ coachor fuch Refufal Ihall be made, or Damage done, chair, upon Complaint thereof to grant a Warrant to bring before him the Perfon againfl: whom fuch Complaint Ihall be made; and upon Proof made upon Oath, to award reafonable Satisfaction to the Party grieved for his Damage and Colts; and upon Refufal to pay or make fuch Satisfaction, to bind over the Party refufing to the next General Quarter-Scflions; who have Power finally to hear and determine the fame, and award Satisfaction to the Party grieved; and for Non-Payment to levy the fame by Diftrefs andSale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels.

II.	That if any Perfon who Ihall drive a Coach, or carry a Chair for Hire not being in- chaLne'n °f terefted himfelf in a Licence fo to do, but Ihall misbehaving aft under the Licence of another Perfon, as his or in their Em-her Servant, Ihall be guilty of any Milbehaviour pl°y®-‘ntf. in his Employment, by demanding more than his Fare, or by giving abufive Language, or any other rude Behaviour; svery fuch Perfon fo offending, and being thereof convicted by the

Oath

4

6o	Extratfs from the Penal	Laws'.

Oath' of one or more credible Witnefs or Wit* nefies, either before the major Part of the Com-mifiioners for granting Licences; or before any of Majefty’s Juftices.of the Peace for the Cities of London and Wejlminfter, or Counties of Mid-dlefex and Surrey, /hall forfeit any Sum non exceeding 20 s. to the Poor of the Parifh where the Offence lhall be committed; or be committed to the Houfe of Corredlion to hard Labour

for feven Days, and to receive the public Cor-reftion of the Houfe before he be difeharged.

III.	That upon Complaint of any Gentleman or other Perfon, the Commiffioners for granting Licences lhall and may fummon the Coachmen and Chairmen refpe&ively to anfwer the faid Complaint; and upon his or their being heard.

Owners to be or making Default of Appearance, lhall and l j L-r-- may j-jn cafe fee Caufe) revoke the Licence of fuch Coachman or Chairman for fuch Mif-behaviour in giving abufive Language or other-wife, and licenfe another Coachman or Chairman in his Stead.

IV.	That no Perfon or Perfons lhall prefume

letting out t0 ^rjve or jett t0 Jjire by the Hour or Day, or Coaches with-	.	*	/	j	•

out licence, otherwife, any Hackney Coach or Coach Horfes

within the Bills of Mortality, without a Licence

firlt obtained from the faid Commiflioners, on

Pain of forfeiting for every fuch Offence 5 /.

V.	Chairman offending in the above Particular, forfeit 40 s.

VI.	That no Horfe, Gelding, or Mare, to be ufed in any Hackney Coach, lhall be under the Size of fourteen Hands, according to the Standard; and

On Milbeha-viour, Com-miffioners may revoke the Licence.

heard before the Commiffioners only.

Driving or

Or Chairs.

Size of Horfe.

VII.

ExtraEis jrm the Penal Laves.	61

VII.	That every Coach and Chair refpeftive- Coaches and-ly, (hall have a Mark of Diftinftion, by Figure Christo have or otherwife, on each fide of the fame, on Fain a lgure‘

of forfeiting 5 /. for either of the faid Offences.

VIII.	By 1 Gee. 1. c. 57. If any Hackney Coachman re-Coaehman or Driver fhall refufe to go at, or fining to goat, exadt more for his Hire than is limited and ap- or cxa&lng pointed, he fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence a 1 an 8 Sum not exceeding 3 /. nor under so s.

IX.	That no Perfon or Perfons fhall prefume Penalty of to ftand, ply or drive, for Hire, with any pjying or dri-Coach whatsoever, Hearfe or Coach Horfes,

or fhall let to hire any Mourning Coach or Coach Hearfe°with-Horles, to attend on any Funeral within the Bills 0ut Licence, of Mortality, except fuch Perfon or Perfons as are or fhall be licenfed by the faid Commiflio-ners, on Pain of forfeiting for every Offence,

si-

X.	By the 9 Ann. c. 23. No Hackney Coach- Rates and man, nor the Diiver of fuch Coach fhall Pre-£“^fot fume to take for his Hire, in and about theLo5C es* Cities of London and Weftminfter, or within ten

Miles thereof, above the Rate of ior. for a But by 7G« Day, reckoning twelve Hours to the Day, and 3- Ch.44. by the Hour not above is. 6d. for the firfi'25' 6d' ^ Hour, and 12 d. for every Hour afterwards PPenfl-i£' and no Perfon fhall pay from any of the Inns of Court or thereabouts, to any Part of St.

James's or City of Wefvmnfier, (except beyond Lothill-Jlreei) above 12 d. and the fame Prices from the fame Places to the Inns of Court or Places thereabouts •, and from any of the faid Inns of Court or thereabouts, to the Royal Exchange., 12 d. and if to the 1‘ower of London or BiJhorfgale-Jlreel, or Aldgatc, or thereabouts 1 s.

6 d. and fo from the faid Places to the faid Inns.

62

Kates and Fares of Chairs.

Altered by 7 Geo. 3. Ch. 44. in Appendix.

ExtraBs front the Penal Laws. of Court as aforefaid; and the like Rates from and to any Place at the like Diftance with the Places before-mentioned.

XI.	That no Perfon lhall be obliged to pay above 12 d. for the Ufe of an Hackney Coach for any Diftance (not particularly fet down in this Aft) fo as the fame do not exceed one Mile and four Furlongs; nor above 1 s. 6 d. for any Diftance (not particularly fet down in this Aft) being above one Mile and four Furlongs, and not exceeding two Miles.

XII.	That no Perfon lhall be obliged to pay to the Chairmen, for an Hackney Chair carried any Diftance within the Limits aforefaid, more than the Rate by this Aft allowable for an Hackney Coach driven two-third Parts of the fame Diftance. See 7 Geo. 3. cb. 44. in the Appendix.

Obs. As the Ignorance of a Law cannot be accepted either by a Commiffioner or a JuJlice of the Peace, as an Excufe for the Breach of it; it is apprehended, that if the Hackneymen would print thefe Extratls in a Hand Bill, and diftribute them to their Drivers, who are a finSluating Body, and conftanlly coming from the Country, it would prevent many or moft of the above Offences; for Experience Jhews, that the Want of Reverence to Authority in the common People, is greatly owing to their Ignorance of tbofe Laws, fo wifely calculated to produce Peace and good Order in Society.

Obs. 2. As the Difputes between Coachmen, Chairmen, and their Fares, are generally about a Six pence, and feldom more than a Shilling, it is recommended to all Perfons to pay on thefe Occa-ftons, what the Coachmen and Chairmen demand, and take their Humber-, for by this Means they

ExlraBs from the Penal Laws', fecure to themfelves an Opportunity of enquiring into, and a Power of pimijhing, any fucb Impo-fition ■, whereas, whoever fhall offer or pay any Hackney Coachman or Chairman lefs than his Fare, they may be fare of receiving a Summons, or perhaps being taken up with a Warrant from fome JuJiice of the Peace, and obliged not only to pay the Fare, but alfo the Mar'* Expence: For Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, never apply to Magif rates before they are certain they are in the right; well knowing the Certainty of their Punijhment, if they have demanded more than their Fare.

CHAP. X.

ExtraSls from the 25 Geo. 2. c. 36. for punijbing Perfons keeping diforderly Houfes.

I.	npHIS Law ena£ts, That if any two In- TwoInhabi-.1 habitants of any Parilh or Place, pay- ^nts.t0 8,ve jng Scot and bearing Lot therein, do give No-Co® jCay®.a tice in Writing to any Conftable (or other Peace Officer of the like Nature, where there is no Conftable) of fuch Pari lb or Place ; of any Perfon keeping a Bawdy-Houfe, Gaming-houfe,

,or any other diforderly Houfe, in fuch Parilh or Place •, the Conftable or fuch Officer as afore-faid, fo receiving fuch Notice, lhall forthwith go with fuch Inhabitants to one of his Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace of the County, City, Riding, Divifion or Liberty, in which fuch Parilh or Place does lie; and lhall, upon fuch Inhabitants making Oath before fuch Juftice, that they do believe the Contents of fuch Notice to F	be

64	Extrach frm the Penal Laws.

be true; and entering into a Recognizance in the penal Sum of 20 /. each, to give or produce material Evidence againft fuch Perfon for fuch Offence, enter into a Recognizance in the penal Sum of 30 /. to profecure with Effect fuch Perfon for fuch Offence-, at the next General or Quarter-Seffions of the Peace; or at the next Affizes to be holden for the County in which fuch Parifh or Place does lie, as to the faid Juftice (hall feem meet; and fuch Conftable or other Officer lhall be allowed all the reafonable Expences of fuch Profecution, to be afcertained by any two Juftices of the Peace of the County, City, Riding, Divifion or Liberty, where the Offence lhall have been committed, and (hall be paid the fame by the Overfeers of the Poor of Overfcr to fuch Parilh or Place; and in cafe fuch Perfon pay the Re- ffiall be convi&ed of fuch Offence, the Over-waxi feers of the Poor of fuch Parilh or Place lhall forthwith pay the Sum of 10/. to each of fuch Inhabitants; and in Cafe fuch Overfeers lhall negleft or refufe to pay to fuch Conftable or other Officer, fuch Expences of the Profecution as aforefaid, or lhall neglect or refufe to pay, upon Demand, the faid Sums of 10/. and 10/. fuch Overfeers and each of them lhall forfeit to the Perfon intitled to the fame, double the Sum fo refufed or neglefted to be paid.

Oes. The Rewards mentioned in this Claufe, joined to the Nufance that diforderly Houfes mujt be to the Neighbours, jhould, as one would imagine, be a fujficient Incentive to the Execution of this AEl.

over36 k°Uaii H. That upon fuch Conftable or other Officerentering into fuch Recognizance to profecute as aforefaid, the faid Juftice of the Peace lhall

forthwith

LxlraBs from the Venal Laws,	65

forthwith make out his Warrant to bring the Perfon fo accufed of keeping a Bawdy-houfe, Gaming-houfe, or other diforderly Houfe, before him, and (hall bind him or her over to appear at fuch General or Quarter-Sedion or Af-fizes, there to anfwer to fuch Bill or Indictment as (hall be found againft him or her for fuch Offence; and fuch Juftice (hall and may, if in his Difcretion he thinks fit, likewife demand and take Security for fuch Perfon’s good Behaviour in the mean Time, and until fuch Indictment (hall be found, heard and determined, or be returned by the Grand Jury not to be a true Bill.

Obs. It is obfervable, from thefe Claufes, what Oaths and Informations are nccefjary to be laid before the Magiftrate, before he can take any Step ■whatever.

III.	That in cafe fuch Con (table (hall negleft Conftable or refufe, upon fuch Notice, to go before any ^2leflinS Juftice of the Peace, or to enter into fuch Re- uty' cognizance, or (hall be wilfully negligent in carrying on the faid Profecution; he (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of 10I. to each of fuch Inhabitants fo giving Notice as aforefaid.

Obs. From thefe Entrails of the above recent Statute, the Method of fupprejfing diforderly Houfes is moft clearly explained, tho’ by the fiy and wicked Injimiations to be met with in the public Papers, which are too often the Vehicles of Ignorance, Calumny and Falftsood, one would imagine that a Juftice of the Peace could as cafily fupprefs a Bawdy-houfe as difcba'rge a domeftic Servant. By the Police in an arbitrary Government, this, perhaps, might be done; ' but an F 2	Englifh

66

Extracts from the Penal Laws,

Engliffi Police can only prevent by feafonable Cautions, and onlypunijh on due Informations and legal Proofs. Tbe Laws of England are not to be executed on Caprice or Fancy, but by the Adminiftra-tion of folemn Oaths ; and, as the Law itfelf fays, by tbe Teflimony of one or more credible Witneffes on Oath.

But Mifreprcfentations and Credulity have fo flrong a Foundation in the Depravity and Wtaknefs of human Nature, that it is abfurd for Perfons in public Characters, who are every Day tried and condemned, or rather condemned and tried by the Public, to hope totally to avoid its Effects.

It has been often obfcrved in the public Papers, and from thence generally believed, that all the Bawdy Houfes in and near Covent-Garden, had Licences from the Juft ice of Peace of that Parifh to fell Liquors, confequently, were in that refpeCl countenanced by him ; and this Miflake has arofe, and been propagated by ignorant Enquirers, who when they have drank a Bottle of Wine at a Bawdy-houfe, have asked tbe Keepers thereof if they had not a Licence for felling that Liquor, to which the Bawd might with Truth anfwer that Jhe had, and from hence the Enquirer concluded that it muft be a Ju-ftice of Peace's Licence. But the FaCl is quite other-wife, f.r all or mod of thefe Houfes have Wine Li ■ cences granted to them by tbe Commiffuners of the Stamp-Office, which is the only and true Caufe of their Continuance and of making them Nufances; and tho' many Reflections have been unjuftly made on Sir John Fielding on this Account, yet it is certain, that when tbe prefent Sir John Fielding/r/? came to rejide in Covent-Garden, he took away tbe Ju-flice of Peace's licence, as well from the Bagnio's as thefe Houfes, nor has be negleCIed the faithful

Execution

6?

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Execution of his Duty on any one Information kid before him relative to them; and here it may be proper to Obferve, that one of the principle Caufes of the Number of Bawdy-houfes being collected together in and near that Parijh, is, there having been feve-ral Eftates in the Courts and contiguous Streets where the Leafes of the Houfes were fo near expiring, that it was not worth while to repair them till they were out, by which means they were let for almoft any thing to the loweft of Wretches, who hired three or four of them and filled them with common Profti -tutes •, this made Exeter-Screet, Change Court, Eagle-Court, and little Catherine-Street fo infamous, that it was dangerous for Perfons to pafs or repafs thro’ thofe Streets; and as the Publicans and inferior Shop-keepers in their Neighbourhoods were fupported by thefe Houfes, there could be little Hopes of their making Informations againft them, and the Expence of Indictments and Profecuiions upon them in the Courts of Juftice prevented the Law being put in Execution; but it is apprehended, that if a Power was given to two or more Juftices of the Peace to enquire into thefe Offences in a fummary Way, and on the Conviction of fuch Bawds, to commit them for three Months and make them pay a Penalty of to I. it wouldfupprefs the Evil to a deferable Degree, for perhaps the total Suppreffwn of them might give Strength and Countenance to a worfe vice, already too common.

As to thofe poor Wretches the Profiitutcs them-felves, moft of whom are decoyed into thefe Houfes by the moft fhameful Stratagems, and continued in the Service of the Bawds by every Species of Cruelty and Perfecution; they have been Time after Time apprehended and committed to Bridewell,

F 3	without

6S

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

without producing any good Effect either to them-fives cr the Public, for the Houfes are foon fup~ plied with ethers, and the Evil inftead of leffening rather increafes; and as every year adds to the Number cf common Projlilutes, many of them muft be in the iitmoji Dijlrefs, and being at firft either deluded by their own Paffions, or debauched by the Arts of others to become Proflitutes, and the great Number of Wretches in the fame Cafemaking Bufinefs in their dreadful Way fcarce, many of them addtheThief to the Proftituie; but if once in two or three Tears tbefe fuperflucus Women, fo miferable in themfelves, Jucb a Nufance to the Public, and fo dangerous to Society, were to be taken up, their difeafes cured, and themfelves fent Abroad as Indenture Servants for four Tears to America, allowing them proper Wages, and paying their Pajfage, it might be of infinite Service to the Inhabitants of that Country who want women Servants, put a flop to the Evil here, and prevent many of thefe unhappy Wretches from dying, under the moft afflicted Circumftances -, and nothing but the cccafional Removal of fuperfluous Proflitutes can poffibly either remove the Evil itfelf cr prevent its Confequcnces; and as the Method here propofed partakes of Humanity, and is therefore preferable to Severity, it is to be hoped that under the Direction of feme of cur worthy Merchants it will take place, as they, by their Corre-fpondence in America, may have an Account of many Families who want domeftic Servants, may be impowered by them to hire fuch, and fend them over with cafe in their own Ships ; for, as many of tbefe Women continue in their unhappy way of Life, more from Neceffity than Inclination, there is every Reefer, to hope, that fucb would reform,

and

69

Extratfs from the Penal Laws,

end become valuable Members in Society, when once they were removed from Reproach, and Jheltered in virtuous Families.

CHAP. XI.

ExtraBs from 1 W. & M. c. lo. and i Geo. i. c. 5. relating to the difturbing Divine Worfiip.

WHEREAS many evil-difpofed and immoral Perfons have of late difturbed, or caufed to be difturbed, feveral diflenting licenfed Congregations, and have thereby brought themfeives and their Friends into Difficulties and Inconveniencies •, and as the Weak are too often made the Inftruments of the Wicked on thefe Occafions, it is to be hoped that the Publication of the following Claufes will for the future preferve Decency and Tranquillity in all lawful Affembles for Divine Worlhip, and fecure an Obedience to, and a ft rift Obfervance of thefe Laws; The firft of which enafts,

I.	That if any Perfonor Perfons do and fhall wil- Difturbing-lingly and of Purpofe malicioufly and contemptu- Lo”^rf^a[3i_ oufly come into any Cathedral or Parifn Church, worihip. Chapel or other Congregation, for Divine Wor-ihip permitted by Law, and difquiet or difturb the fame, or milufe any Preacher or Teacher, fuch Perfon or Perfons, upon Proof thereof, before any Juftice of the Peace, by two or more fuf-ficient Witnefles, (hall find two Sureties to be f 4	bound

70

jQxtrafls front the Pe/ial Laws.

bound by Recognizance in the penal Sura 6f 50 /. and in Default of fiich Sureties, lhall be committed to Prifon •, there to remain till the next General or Quarter-Seflions; and if there convifted of the faid Offence, lhall forfeit 20I. to his Majefly.

Perfonj pul- II. By i Geo. 1. c. 5. / 4. It is enafted, That ChurchcT	^any Perfons unlawfully, riotouQy and tumultu-

Chspd'^&c. ou% aflembled together, to the Difturbance of the public Peace, fhall unlawfully, and with force, demolifh or pull down, or begin to de-molilh or pull down, any Church or Chapel, or any Building for religious Worlhip, certified and regiftered according to the above Statute, or any Dwelling-houfe, Barn, Stable or other Out-houfe, that then every fuch demolifhing or pulling down, or beginning to demolifh or pull down, lhall be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein fhall be adjudged Felons, and fhall fuffer Death, as in cafe of felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

Obs. As many Perfont’from Bigotry, Prejudices, Caprice, Refentment and Drunkennefs, have /offered tbemfelves to be drawn afide by Mobs and Tumults, and inconfideralely to commit the above-mentioned Outrages, an Attention to the above Clau/e may be ufeful. Englifhmen have no Ex-cufe to do tbemfelves Juftice by Force and Violence, as there are fo many excellent Laws provided for the Safety of their Lives, Defence of their Liberties, and the Security of their Property; and the Want of this Conftderation is too frequently the Caufe of Rejiftance to Peace and Civil Officers, and was lately the Caufe of a moft horrid Murder. It is always right to fiibmit to Conftables, and ad

other

7»

ExtraBs from the Fend Lams, ither Officers armed with proper Authority % who, if they do any Thing illegal, are liable to be punijhed for it j but reffiing them is dangerous.

CHAP. XII.

ExtraBs from the 9 & 10 W. 3. c. 7. relating to the throwing andfiring of Squibs,

Serpents, and other Fireworks.

Obs. In the Preamble of this Statute, the Caufe of making it is fet forth in the following remarkable Words.

WHEREAS much Mifchief hath lately-happened by throwing, calling add firing of Squibs, Serpents, Rockets, and other Fireworks, fome Perfons have thereby loft their Lives, others their Eyes, &c. And, indeed, every Marls Experience muft Jhew him the Neceffity of ibis Law, as it is Jlill very common for inconftderate Perfons to throw Squibs, Serpents, Crackers, &c. into Coaches, Hottfes, and at Paffengers, (efpecially at Women) by way of Diverfon; it is to be hoped, therefore, that the Publication of this Law will awaken the Attention of fucb Offenders, and fhew them the Cruelty of fucb Entertainmem.

I.	No Perfon or Perfons, of what Age, Sex Perfons notto Degree or Quality foever, (hall make or caufe make or fell to be made, or (hall fell Or utter or give or Fireworks, offer, or expofe to Sale, any Squibs, Rockets,

Serpents or other Fireworks, or any Cafes Moulds or other Implements, for the making

the

72

ExtraBs from the Pend Laws.

the fame, on Pain of forfeiting 5 /. on being convifted on their own Confeffion, or on the Oath of two Witneffes, before one Juftice of the Peace;

be18	permit	or fuffer any Squibs, Ser-

thrown ouc ofPents or ot^er fireworks, to be call, thrown or their Houfes, fired from, out of, or in his, her or their Houfe i-c.	or Houfes, Lodgings or Habitations, or from,

out of, or in any Part or Place thereto belonging or adjoining, into any public Street, Highway, Road or Pafiage, on Pain of forfeiting 20 s. one half to the Profecutor, the other to the Poor of the Parilh, on being convifted as above;

thern'in"'	t^r0W’	Ca^ 0r ®re’ 0r ^a^

pubTicStreets,aidbg or affifting in the throwing, calling or &c.	firing of any Squibs, Serpents, Rockets or

other Fireworks, in or into any public Street, Houfe, Shop, River, Highway, Road or Pafiage, on Pain of forfeiting 20 s. or being committed to the Houfe of Correftion for any Time not exceeding a Month, on being convifted as aforefaid.

CHAP. XIII.

ExtraBsfrom 6 Ann. c. 31. 7 Ann. c. 17. xi Geo. 1. c. 28. for preventing Mif-chiefs that may happen by Fire. I.

I.	T) Y 6 Ann. it is enafted, That the Church-JL) wardens for the Time being, of each and every Parilh within the Cities of London and Weftminfter, and other Pariflies within the weekly Bills of Mortality, (hall make, place

73

ExtraBs from the Penal Laves.

and fix (at the Charge of fuch refpeftive Parifh) upon the Mains and Pipes belonging to any Water-Work whatfoever, within the Places aforefaid, fuch and fo many Stop-Blocks of stop-Blocks Wood, with a Two Inch Plug, or fuch, and foand Fire-many Fire-Cocks to go into each Main or Pipe, <-'ocl;s t0 be and to be placed at fuch Diftances in each or fixed‘ any Street or Place where they (hall dired, and the Top of fuch Stop-Blocks to lie even with the Pavement of each Street or Place, and to fix any Mark or Writing on the Front of any Houfe or Houfes over-againft the Places where fuch Stop-Blocks and Fire-Cocks lie, and to keep an Inftrument in each Houfe where the Mark is, to open the Plug or Fire-Cock •, fuch Stop-Blocks and Fire-Cocks to be kept in Repair, at the Charge of each Parifh where the fame (hall be placed, and the Plugs by the Owners of the , Mains and Pipes where the fame (hall be fixed.

II.	And that every Parifh within the Limits And Engines aforefaid, fliall have and keep in good Order W1 by and Repair, in fome known or public Place,

within each Parifh, a large Engine, and alfo a Hand-Engine, to throw up Water for extinguifh-ing Fires •, and alfo fhall provide, keep and maintain one Leather-Pipe and Socket, of the fame Size as the Plug or Fire-Cock, to convey the Water to the Engine.

III.	Church-wardens negle&ing to comply Pcnaky. with the above Directions, forfeit the Sum cf

io /. on Conviction before two Juftices •, one Half to the Informer, the other to the Poor of the Parifh -, to be levied by Dillrefs and Sale cf the Offender’s Goods.

Ors:

74-

Reward to firft Turn-ccck.

Extracts from the Venal Laws.

Obs. It is apprehended', that it would he found very ufeful, if every Par if: would keep two ftrong Fire Ladders of different Lengths, to be carried on the fir ft Notice to the Place of the Fire, as it might be the Means of faving many Lives and much Property-, and though there be no Reward, allowed by Law for this Purpofe, there would be no Danger but that the Carriers of fuch Ladders would be well rewarded, either by the Infu-ance-Office, Sufferers or Parijb, though the Confciouf-nefs of being Ufeful in fucb Calamities is in itfelf a Reward-, and if Mr. Godfrey’s approved Method of extinguijhing Fires Jhould lake place, fucb Ladders would become more neceffary than ever.

IV.	That the Turncock belonging to fuch Water-Work, whofe Water fhall be found on, or firft come into the Main or Pipe where the firft Plug (hall be opened at any Fire, (hall be paid ior. by the Church-wardens of fuch re-fpeftive Parifh where the Fire (hall happen.

Obs. Is it not rather neceffary than ufeful, that the Proprietors of Water-Works jhould direlt all their ’Turn-cocks to have their Names and the Word Turn-cock painted on a Board in large Char alters on the Outfide of their Dwelling-Heufe or Lodging, and that they give Notice in Writing to the Churchwardens of the neighbouring Parifhes of the Place of their Refidence, and when they change the fame ; and that the Church-war dens of every Pa-rife Jhould caufe the Names and Directions of fucb Tum-cocks living in and contiguous to their Parifh, to be fixed on the Cburcb-Doors, in the Round-

Houfe, and in every Watchman’s Box ?------The

Want of ibis has been the Caufe of Fires gaining Ground, which might ctberwife have been flopped

on

75

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws, on their fir jl Appearance; and a Reward might be given to that Watchman who firft calls the turncock.

V.	That the firft Engine-Keeper that brings To firft in a Parifh Engine to help to extinguifh any Engine. Fire, if in good Order and complete with a Socker, Hofe and Leather-Pipe, lhall be paid 30 s, the Keeper of the fecond Parilh-Engine that lhall be next brought to a Fire, lhall be paid 20 s. and the third 10 s. by the Churchwardens of each Parifh where fuch Fire lhall happen 5 and if the faid Churchwardens lhall refufe to pay the aforefaid Rewards to a Turn-cock. or Perfons bringing the faid Engines as aforefaid, they may be levied by Diftrefs, by Warrant, under the Hands and Seals of two Juftices of the Peace, and the fame Reward is payable for any other large Engine though not a Parilh Engine, if compleat.

VI.	That if any menial or other Servant or s-erv»"ts fet-Servants, thro’ Negligence or Careleflnefs, lhall on^ire^thuo* fire or caufe to be fired, any Dwelling-houfe Negleft.

or Out-houfe, or Houfes, fuch Servant or Servants being thereof convifted by the Oath of one or more Witnefies before two Juftices, lhall forfeit and pay the Sum of 100/. or be committed to the Houfe of Correction to hard Labour for 18 Months.

Obs. Fires, Doors and Candles, fhould be con-flantly attended to, the very lafi Thing that Servants do, before they go to Bed; and Servants fhould be furnijhed with Extinguijkers to put out their Candles in their own Rooms, as they are cheap, cleanly and fafe.

VII.

Exlra8s from the Penal Laws.

VII.	That all and every Houfe and Hordes that be erected and built either upon old or new Foundations, in any Place or Places, in and about the Cities of London and tVeftminfler, or other Parishes or Places comprized within the weekly Bills of Mortality, Ihall have Party

Party Walls. Walls between Houfe and Houfe wholly of Brick or Stone, and of two Bricks thick, at lead, in the Cellar and Ground Stories, and 13 Inches thick upwards from the Foundation quite through all the Stories of each Houfe, and 18

Inches above the Roof,-----------That no Mun-

dillion or Cornith of Timber or Wood under the Eaves, (hail be made or differed in any fuch new Houfe or Houles, but that all Front and Rear Walls of every Houfe Ihall be built of Brick or Stone, to be carried two Feet and a half high above the Garret Floor, and coped with Stone or Brick. The Owner of every Houfe, and Head Builder or Workman, not complying with this Claufe, forfeit 50/. one half to the Informer, the other to the Poor of the Pariih, or to be imprifoned till Payment thereof.

Exception. By 7 Ann. c. sj. f. 7 Of 8. The foregoing Claufe not to extend to Houfes on London-Bridge or the Thames.

VIII.	By 11 Geo. 1. c. 2S. / 3. It Ihall not HcwP.rty be lawful to make or have in any Party Wall Wail; a e to 0f any Houfe, any Door-cafe, Window, Lentil, be built. Bread Summer or Story Polls or Plates what-

foever, unlefs where two or more Houfes Ihall be laid together, and fo ufed or occupied as one Houfe only, and duing the Time of fuch Ufage, and no longer, on Pain that the Owner or Owners

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	jj

ers of any fuch Houfe {hall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of 50 /. But it may be lawful, that fuch Door-cafe, Window, Lentil,

Bread Summer, Story Pods or Plates, {hall or may be fixed, or put in the Front of fuch Houfe or Building, for the Convenience of a Shop or Shops only.

IX.	By 6 Ann. c.^u Upon the breakingConflablcs out of any Fire within London and PFeJinmiJter, ami Beadles all Conftables and Beadles (upon Notice thereof)to attc,ld ac fhall immediately repair to the Place where the lireSl faid Fire {hall happen, with their Staves and other Badges of their Authority, and be aiding and affiding, as well in extinguifhing the faid Fires, and caufing, People to Work at the Engines, as alfo in preventing Goods being dolen; and fhall feize and apprehend all ill-difpofed Perfons that they fhall find dealing or pilfering from the Inhabitants; as alfo that the faid Con-dables and Beadles fhall give their utmod A(hfiance to help the Inhabitants to move their faid Goods.

'<]%	Extrails	from	the	Penal	Laws’.

CHAP. XIV.

Exfrails from 8 Geo. i. e. 2.	12	Geo.	2.

c. 28. 18 Geo. 2. c. 34. 13 Geo. 1. c. ig.	5 Geo. 1. c. g. for the Prevention

of unlawful Lotteries.

TH E firft-tnentioned Aft enafts, That all and every Perfon or Perfons, who (hall ereft, fet up, continue or keep, or (hall caufe or procure to be erected, fet up, continued or kept, any Office or Place under the Denomination of Sales of Houfes, Lands, Advowfons, Sales by	Prefentations to Livings, Plate, Jewels, Ships,

iortery.	Goods, or other Things, by way of Lottery,

or by Lots, Tickets, Numbers or Figures •, or fhall make, print, advertife or publiffi, or caufe to be made, printed, advertifed or publiffied, Propofals or Schemes, for advancing fmall Sums of Money by feveral Perfons, amounting in the whole to large Sums, to be divided among them by the Chances of the Prizes in feme pub,;c Lottery or Lotteries, eftablifhed or allowed by Aft of Parliament; of (hall deliver out, or caufe or procure to be delivered out, Tickets to the Perfons advancing fuch Sums to intide them to a Share of the Money fo advanced, according to fuch Propofals or Schemes •, or (hall make, print or publiffi, or caufe to be made, printed or publiffied, any Propofal or Scheme of the like Nature, under any Denomination, Name or Title whatfoever; and ffiall be thereof convifted, upon the Oath of one or more credible Wunefies,

1	by

Ext raffs from the Penal Laws. by two or more Juftices, (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence, over and above any former Penalties inflifted by any former Aft or Afts of Parliament made againft any private or unlawful Lotteries, the Sum of 5001, to be levied by Di- penaity, ftrefs and Sale; and (hall alfo for every fuch Offence be committed to the County Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of one whole Year, and from thence till the Laid Sum of 5001, is fully paid and fatisfied.

II.	That any Perfon who (hall be an Adven- Adventurers, turer in, or (hall pay any Money or other Con-fideration, or any ways contribute unto, or upon

the Account of any fuch Sales, Lotteries, Pro-pofals or Schemes aforefaid, (hall forfeit for Penalty, every fuch Offence double the Sum paid or contributed

III.	The 12 Geo. 2. c. 28. enafts, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall ereft, let up, continue, or keep any Office or Place under the Denomination of a Sale or Sales of Houfes,

Land, Advowfons, Pielentations to Livings, Seles by Plate, Jewels, Ships, Goods or other Things, by

way of Lottery, or by Lots, Tickets, Numbers or Figures, Cards or Dice •, or (hall make, print, advertife or publiffi, or caufe to be made, prin-ted, advertifed or publiffied, Propofals or Schemes for advancing fmall Sums of Money by ' ' feveral Perfons, amounting in the whole to large Sums, to be divided among them by Chances of the Prizes on fome public Lottery or Lotteries, eftabliffied or allowed by Aft of Parliament, or (hall deliver out, or caufe or procure to be delivered out, Tickets to the Perfons advancing fuch Sums, to intitle them to a Share of the°Money fo advanced, according to fuch G	Propoials

So

Penalty.

Aceof Heart;, Faro, Bafiet and Hazard; deemed Lotteries.

Adventurers.

Sales by Lot tmes void.

ExfraSh from the Penal Laws. Propofols or Schemes or Iball expofe to Sale any Houfes, Lands, Advovvfons, Prefentations to Livings, Plate, Jewels, Ships or other Goods, by any Game, Method or Device whatfoever, depending upon, or to be determined by any Lot or Drawing, whether it be in a Box or Wheel, ot by Cards or Dice, or by any Machine, Engine or Device of Chance of any Kind whatfoever •, fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall, on being convifted thereof before one Juftice, upon the Oath of one Witnefs, or upon the View of fuch Juftice, or on the Confefilon of the Party or Parties acceded, forfeit the Sum of zoo /. to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale.

IV.	1 hat the Games of the Ace of Hearts, Faro, Ballet and Hazard, are, and are hereby declared to be Games or Lotteries by Cards or Dice, and that all and every Perfon or Perfons who (hail let up or maintain, or keep the faid Games of Ace of Hearts, Faro, Ballet or Hazard, (hall be Abject and liable to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures in and by this A6fe inflifted upon any Perfon who (hall ereft, fet up or continue, or keep any of the faid Games or Lotteries in this prefent Aft mentioned.

V.	Thar all and every Perfon and Perfons, who ihall be Adventurers in any of the faid Games, Lottery or Lotteries, Sale or Sales; or (hall play, fet at, (take or punt at either of the laid Games of Ace of Hearts, Faro, Ballet and Hazard, (hall forfeit 50 /. or fuffer fix Months Imprifonment.

VI.	That all and every fuch Sale of Houfes, Lands, Goods, fofe. by any Game, Lottery, Machine, Engine, or other Device whatfoever, depending upon or to be determined by Chance or

Lot,

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.	81

Lot, lhall and are hereby declared to be void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever; and fuch Houfes, Lands, Goods, &c. fo fet up and ex-pofed to Sale as aforefaid, lhall be forfeited.

VII.	The j 8 Geo. z. c. 34. enafts, That no Perfon or Perfons of what Condition foever, lhall keep any Houfe, Room or Place, for playing, or permit or fuffer any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever within any fuch Houfe, Room or Place, to play at the Game of Roulet, otherwife Roly Poly, or at any other Game with Cards or Dice, already prohibited, or lhall play at the faid Game of Roulet, otherwife Roly Poly, or at any other Game with Cards and Dice, already, prohibited, on Pain of incurring the feveral Penalties inflifted by the laft-mentioned Act.

VIII.	The 13 Geo. 2. c. 19. enafts. That the Game of Paflage, and all and every other Game pa(j. and Games invented or to be invented with one

or more Die or Dice, or with any other Inftru-ment, Engine, or Device, in the Nature of Dice, having one or more Figures or Numbers thereon, (Backgammon or other Games now played with the Backgammon Tables excepted) arc and lhall be deemed to be Games or Lotteries by Dice, within the Intent and Meaning of the foregoing Aft of the 12 Geo. 2. and Perfons keeping any Houfe or Place for fuch Purpofe, and Perfons playing at any of the faid Games lhall be liable to the feveral Penalties infiifted by the faid Aft.

Obs. As nothing hut the Ignorance of the above Statutes, or the Negleft of their Execution, could have given Rife to a dangerous Practice now in frequent Ufe at Public Houfes, viz. Raffling for Goods, felling and exjsoflng to Sale Watches, Hats, Wigs and G 2	other

82

ExtraSls from the Penal Laws, other Apparel, by Way of Chances at Clubs, commonly called. Watcb Clubs, Hat Clubs, Wig Clubs, &c. which certainly come within the Meaning of the ebovementioned Aids: It is to be hoped, therefore, that the Severity of thefe Penalties will timely awaken the Attention of fucb Publicans, and preferve them and their Families from the fatal Confequev.ces of fucb Forfeitures.

Perfcns felling IX. The 5 Geo. i. c. 9. enafts, That if any

Chances of perfon fhall prel'ume to fell or take Subfcrip-

I Affpry	f	1

Tickco. tions f°r lhe Sale or Sales of the Lots or Chances, or any Part or Parts thereof, of, or on any one or more Ticket or Tickets, or of, or on the Number or Numbers of any Ticket or Tickets, made out in Purfuance of any Aft of Parliament for a public Lottery, without having fuch Ticket or Tickets in his, her or their Cu-ftody or Right, fuch Perfon lhall, for every Lot or Chance, or Fart of Lot or Chance, fo fold or fubferibed for, forfeit tool, over and above any former Penalties inflifted by any former Aft or Afts of Parliament made againft private Lotteries.

Obs. It is recommended to all Perfons who buy Shares of 'Pickets, to demand a fight of the original Picket of which they purchafe a Share, that they may be convinced of its being in the Pojfejfton of the Seller, and to fet down the Hour of the Day in which they make the faid Purchafe.

CHAP.

Extrafti from the Pena! Laws.

*3

CHAP. XV.

Extracts from 33 Geo. 2. for the better fupplying the Cities of London artd Weft-minffer with Sea Fife.

THE Aft etiafts. That the Maftcr of every Mailer of Fifhing-Veffel, -within three Days after the KfllmS Veffel Arrival of any fuch Veffel at the Fore with any Fifh, {hall truly report the Time of filch his Ar- at tjie jyore* rival, to the deputed Clerk in the Coaft-Office at the Cufiom Houfe in London; under the Penalty of 50 /. and fuch deputed Clerk is to enter fuch Report, in a Book to be provided and kept for that Purpofe at the faid Coaft Office.

II.	And every fuch Mafter of any Fifhing- And alfo an Veffel is alfo at the Time of his making fuch Account ol‘ Report at the faid Coaft-Office, to leave with the faid deputed Clerk there, a true and parci- be brought cular Account according to the beft of the judg- there aloe, ment and Belief of every fuch Mafter, and either in Writing or printed, of all Frefh Salmon, Salmon Trout, Turbots and large Frelh Cod, and Half-frefh Cod Fifh, Haddock, Scare Fifh,;Fre!h Ling, Lobfters, Soles and Whitings, which (hall be brought alive to the Nore in every fuch Fifh-ing-Veffel> upon Pain- that the Owner or Owners of every fuch Fifiring-Veffel whofe Mafter fhall refufe, negleft or omit to give or leave fuch Account, or who fhall give or leave any falfc or untrue Account thereof, fhall, on being conviftcd of any fuch Offence, forfeit 20/.

G 3

III.

£4.	Ext rafts from the Penal Laws.

KottodeRroy III. The Ad further provides, That if any fuch Matter, or any Perfon on Board any fuch Filhing-Veffel, after her Arrival at the Nore, fliall wilfully deftroy, throw or call away, or caule to be wilfully deftroyed, thrown or call: away, any fuch Fifh, which any Fifhing-Vefiel fhall have brought from Sea, that is not un-wholefome, perilled or unmarketable, fuch Offender on Convidion is to be committed to the Houfe of Corredion, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Clerk of the Months, nor lefs than one Month. The Clerk Coafl-Gffice at t];e Coaft- Office is to receive and enter the aD<^ faid Accounts, and on Monday, Wedmfday, and counts of {".ik Friday in every Week, is to return, or caufe to brought to be returned unto the Mayor of London for the the Nore. and Time being, and to fuch Perfons as the Truftces reiu.-t the 0f the Fifh-market at Wejlminfter, or any Five Lord 'Me/or °f them fliall appoint, in the City of WeStmin-Jier, and likewile to the Infpedor of the Fifli-ing-Veffels at fuch Place as the faid Truftees, of any Five of them fhall by any Writing figned by them appoint, a true Account in Writing or P ihted, and in a fair and legible Charader, of the Time when every fuch refpedive Fifhing-Veflel fball have been entered at the faid Coaft-Office as having arrived at the Nore, and alfo of the Frefh Salmon, Salmon Trout, Turbor, large Frefh Cod, and Half-frefh Cod Fifh, Haddock, Scate Fifh, Frefh Ling, Lobfters, Soles and Whitings, which fhall have been entered at the faid Coaft-Office, as brought to the Nore in every fuch refpedive Fifhing-Vefiel, under the Penalty of 51, for every Negled.

IV.

Extracts from the Penal Lavs.

85

IV.	The Aft direfts that no Live Salmon, Salmon, &c. Salmon Trout, Turbot, large Frefh Cod, Half-not t0 ’oe Put freih Cod, Haddock, Scate Fifh, frefh Ling, sWeU' Soles or Whitings, ffiall at any time after the Arrival thereof at the Nore, be put into any Well-Boat or Store-Boar, from or out of any.

iuch Filhing-Velfel, under the Penalty of 201. for every fuch Offence.

And no fuch F’ifh are to be unloaded or de- And to be un-

livered out of any fuch Fifhing-Veflel (unlefsloadcd ,nt0

when fold by Retail) but into the Vefiel or Boat ^ sgQ

as ffiall be employed to carry the Fifh direftly immediately

to the Market of Billingfgate or IVefiminfier, and to Billingfgate

every fuch Veflel or Boat, after any luch Fifh or We!'niin-

fhall be put therein, is to go on direftly and asfter>andnoc r	r , r 1 FV ,	(... to remain

loon as may be for the Market to which the more tj,3n one

fame fhall be bound, and is not to remain above Tide in their one Tide with the Fifh, after taking in of the Paffage. fame, in the Paffage between the Place of the taking in thereof and the Market of Billingfgate or Wejlminfter, and is not to omit delivering the Cargo of Fifh at or before the next Market •,

Accidents of Wind and Weather excepted ; and if any one offends in the Premiffes, he is to be committed to the Houle of Correftion, there to remain without Bail, and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Months, nor lefs than one Month. And the Infpeftor inlpeftomeg-for the Time being of the Filhing Vefiels under feeing his the Aft recited in this Aft, is to take Care duly DutJ'-to execute his Office, under the Penalty of forfeiting for every Negleft or wilful Milbeha-viour 20/.

V.	No Perfon who lhall fell or be concerned Salefmen not in the Sale of any frefh Fifh by Commiffion, ist0 Wt0 direftly or indirectly to buy or be concerned inagam'

G 4	the

86

Siz: ofFilh, their Price.

Perfons demanding higher Price, or refilling to meaiure or weigh tee {»ae.

Penalty.

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws'.

the buying of any frelh Fi(h, to fell again on his or her own feparate Account, or for the joint Account of him or herfelf, and any other Perfon, under the Forfeiture for every fuch Offence of 50/.

VI.	Bret or Turbot under the Size of 16' Inches, and Bril or Pearl under the Size of 14 Inches, from the Eyes to the utmoft Extent of the Tail, are allowed to be expofed to Sale, but fo as the fame be not fold by Retail at a Price or Rate exceeding 6d. the Pound : And if any Perfon after the faid 24th of June 1760, (ball afk, demand or take, for any fuch Bret or Turbot, Bril or Pear], under the refpeftive Dimen-fions as aforeiaid, any greater Price than at and after the Rate of 6 d. a Pound, and fo in Proportion for any leffer Weight thereof than a Pound, or ftiall refufe cr negleft to weigh and meafure every fuch Bret or Turbot, Bril or Pearl, which lhail be expofed to or for Sale, when required, every fuch Bret or Turbot, Bril or Pe3rl is to be forfeited ; and any Perfon may feize the fame, and deliver it into the Hands of a Conftable, and charge fuch Conftable with the Parry who alked, demanded, or took any greater or higher Price than as aforeiaid for the fame; ar.d every Conftable is required by the Aft to carry the Party fo charged, and alfo the Bret or Turbot, Bril or Pearl, which (hall be fo feized and delivered to him, with all convenient fpeed, before fome Juftice of the Peace-, and every Offender on Conviftion is to forfeit 20 s. for every fuch Offence, and the Bret or Turbot, Bril or Pearl, which ftiall have been fo feized, is to be given to the Perfon who lhail profecute to Conviftion any fuch Offender, and the Money

87

ExtraBs jrm the Penal Laws.

paid for any fuch Bret or Turbot, Bril or Pearl, is to be returned to the Party or Parties who paid the fame.

VII.	No Perfon is to fell or expofe to or for Fi(h not to Sale at the firft Hand, at any Filh-market he expofed to within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mor-Sale tality, or within 150 Yards of any fuch Filh-market, and during the market Hours of any fuch Market, any Frelh Salmon, Salmon Trout,

Turbot, large Frelh Cod Filh, Half-frelh Cod ]Fifh, Haddock, Scare Fifh, Frelh Ling, Lob-fters, Soles or Whitings, before he or (he (hall have firft placed up, or caufed to be placed up, in fome confpicuous Manner, on, or over the Form, Bench, Stall or Place, at which he or fhe ^ar' fhall offer to expofe to, or for Sale, any fuch count thereof Fifli, a true Account, and in a large, fair and be ftuck up legible Character, and either wrote or printed,over the Stall, ot all fuch Filh, which any fuch Perfon fhall&c’ then have or have been intrufted with to fell, diftinguifhing in every fuch Account the feveral Sorts of all fuch Filh as aforefaid, and the Quantity of every Sort thereof refpedlively, which any fuch Perfon fhall then have, or be intrufted with to fell •, and if at any Time of the Morning or Day, in which any fuch Ac- ®t*icr Fl(h count lhall have been fo placed up and before the Filh-market of that Day fhall be ended or Firti-markct over, any other fuch Filh fhall be brought to is over, to be or intrufted with any fuch Perfon to fell, everya(ided t0 tha fuch Perfon, before he or Ihe fhall fell or offerfalJ Acc0lil,t-or expofe to or for Sale any Part thereof, (hall The faid Ac-add a true Account or Particular thereof to the count to con-Account before put up, and lhall take Care thatlinue UP11,1 every fuch Account which lhall be fo placed up,	**

fhall continue up where the fame (hall have been 1	firft

SS

Extra cli from the Penal Laws. firft placed, till all die Filh fpecified therein {hall be fold, or the Fifh-market of the Day on which the fame (hall be fo placed up lhall be enduing dou-n ed or over, without being defaced or obliterated; or obliterating under io I. Penalty for every Offence, and under the fame. t]ie penaity 0f Si for any one’s taking down, defacing or obliterating any fuch Account.

Per!bns no: to VIII. No Perfon is to take, kill or deftroy, °d or ^ or knowln5!y kave 'n ^'s or her Pof^fFon, or Spawn of crY> carry about, fell, offer or expofe to or for p;(ij Sale, or exchange for any Goods, Matter or Thing, any Spawn, Fry or Brood of Filh, or any unGzeable Filh, or any Fifh out of Seafon, or any Smelt which fhall not be full five Inches unilzeable in Length from the Nofe to the utrnoft Extent Fiih, or Fith of the Tail thereof-, and if any one (hall Offend oat of Seafon, {jie PremifTcs, any other Perfon under the Authority of the Act may take and feizc the fame, together with all Bafkets and Package in which the fame fhall be found, and charge a Peace Of-oa Pam of gcer witjri every fUch Offender; and after any fame^nd 205 Seizure fhall be made, the Spawn, Fry or Brood, or other Fifh as aforefaid, together with the Bafkets and Package in which the fame be fo feized, is to be delivered into the Hands of fome Peace Officer, who is to take the fame, and alfo every fuch Offender with whom he fhall be fo charged for any fuch Offence, into his Cuftody, with all convenient Speed before fome Juftice, for fuch Offender to be dealt with according to Law -, and on the Conviftion of any fuch Offender, every fuch Spawn, Fry or Brood of Filh, unfizeable Fifh, and Fifh out of Seafon, and every Smelt of lefs Size than Five Inches from the Nofe to the utrnoft Extent of the Tail thereof, which fhall be fo feized, together with all Bafkets 4	or

2g

Extracts from the Penal Laws. or Package in which the fame fhall be fo feized, is to be forfeited, and be delivered to the Party who (hall profecute the Offender to Convidlion for his or her owii Ufe ; and every fuch Offender is befides to forfeit for every fuch Offence 20s.

The Under Water-Bailiff of the City of Lon- Perform to don, and the Yeomen of the Waterfide for the fopervife the Time being, and the Perfons appointed by the Truftee.s to fupervife the Fifh-market of the City Cl of Weftminfter, are to take Care that the Provi-fions made by the Aft concerning the Sale of Frelh Fifh in the Fifh-market at Billingfgate, and for punifhing Perfons who fhall have there any Spawn, Brood or Fry, of any kind of Fifh, or any unfizeable Fifh, or any Fifh out of Seafon, or any Smelt of lefs Size than five Inches from the Nofe to the utmoft Extent of the Tail thereof, are enforced and carried into Execution; and alfo to prevent all Regrating of Fifh at Billingfgate Market, or within 150 Yards of Billingfgate Dock, under 5 /. Penalty for every Negleft.

Obs. When one reflects as an Englifhman what a Bleffmg the Seas on our Coafts have in Store for us, what a peculiar Benefit the Plenty of Sea Fifh would he to the Poor, what a Conveniency to the Rich of this Metropolis, and that this immenfe Bleffmg is intercepted from us by the Contrivance and Combination of a few defigning, avaricious Men, how can we fuf-ficiently lament that the Pains and Attention of the Legiflature to redrefs this Evil, has been hitherto fruitlefs ? Nay, I am informed that the Evil is rather grown worfe than better; It is therefore with Deference and Ref petti that I offer my Opinion on this Subjell, which I do rather that it may beget in fame other a better Plan, than that 1 think the following one to be perfect: But I do apprehend, that

ExiraBs from the Penal Laws.

if the Gentlemen belonging to the Free Britijh Herring Fijhery, a large, able and refpefiaile Body, would (btfidts the catching of Herrings) become Fijh-ermen for this Metropolis; which, as they have much Leifure from their other Fijhery, are accuflomed to, and converfant in, the building of Boats, making of Nets, and hiring of Fijbermen, they can carry on, with more Eafc, and lejs Expence to themfelves, and more Utility to the Publick, than any other Body, whatever. By this Means an immenfe Quantity of Fifi would be brought to Billingfgate and 'Weft-minfter Markets,yet not more than this Town would cotifime, and would totally defray the prefent Monopoly of different Fijb, viz. Lobjlers, Turbots, See. as well as the little Combinations lately prabtifed to make an artifeial Scarcity: And as the Conveniency of a Plenty of Fijh in London and Weftminfter to all Ranks of People, is much eafier to be conceived than exprefjed, Ijhall now mention what feems farther necefjary to the Furtherance of this Plan; And fir ft, that the Legiflature Jhould enable the Members of the Free Britijh Herring Fijhery to apply a neccf-fary Part of their Capital to this propofed Fijhery, which cannot be attended with any Hazard, as ready Money is always paid at the FiJh-markets; fo ibat :t will rather enrich the Body, and enable them to carry on the Herring Fijhery itfelf with more Effect end Advantage, than obftruEt it.

zdly. Befides the Provifions made by the late Statute relative to Sea-Fijh, an Officer Jhould be appointed to attend both Markets to fee fuch Methods faithfully executed, as the Legiflature Jhall think necefjary, to prevent the engrojjing or monopolizing of any Ffo brought to the faid Markets for Sale.

3dlv,

9i

Extract from the Penal Lanes.

gdly, that every Pcrfon felling Fifh by Retail out of the faid Markets, fhall be obliged to expofe to open Few from Eight to twelve in the Mornings •whatever Fifh he has to fell, with a Penalty for concealing any Part of the fame.

In this Plan, Public Spirit and Interefi will go Hand in Hand -, and as they -will be enabled to fit out a larger Fleet of Fifhing-Baats than -was ever yet fent to Sea, great Plenty of Fifh mujl be the Conference, and Cheapnefs will naturally follow -, and by little Bounties and Rewards which they themfelvcs will be able to give to Fifhermen, it is hoped that the Evil now fo loudly complained of, will be moft effectually cured-, and the Fifhmongers themfelvcs, who have lately been the Dupes of the Fifhermen, and the Monopolizers of particular Fife would have Reafon to rejoice for, by felling more Fifh at reafenable Rates, their Gain would be the fame, if not greater.

But while Salefmen and Fiftmongers have Shares in, or perhaps the whole Property of Fifhing-Boats, it will always be in their Power to bring asfezo Fifh to Market as they pleafe, and confcquently to raife the Price agreeable to this no lefs artful, than wicked Scai'city of their own making. In what an amazing Manner do the Fifh of the Sea multiply, and how fhamefully is this Bleff.ng intercepted, as well from the Poor as the Rich ; and yet how eafy the Remedy, if this Plan be practicable-, thl the bringing Sea Ft.lh by Land Carriage to London bids fair to reduce the Evil.

C I I A F.

Extrafts from the Penal Laws.

CHAP. XVI.

ExtraBs from the 17 Geo. 2. c. 5. relating to Vagrants and diforderly Pcrfons.

Obs. As the great Number of Beggars and other Vagrants that infeft the Streets of London, to the great Nitfance of Pajfengers and Shopkeepers, owe their Continuation as well to the Neglect of the Peace Officers and others, as to the Want of knowing who are and who arc not deemed Vagabonds by Law, it is apprehended that the following Defcription of Vagabonds, together with the Power of apprehending them when known, may leffien the Evil-, particularly that of frightful Beggars, fo common in the Streets, fo offenfive to Paffengers in general, and fo dangerous to pregnant Women.

And as any Perfon may apprehend a Vagrant, bow commendable it would be for Gentlemen, when withered Arms, Stumps, and other disfigured Parts of the Body are expofed to Ladies in Coaches, to direA their Footmen immediately to carry fucb Offenders before a Jufiice of the Peace, which would foon put an End to this fhameful Practice; and it were to be wilhed for the Sake of the really di-ftrejfed Poor, who are obliged to beg, and who have frequently perijbed in the Streets of this Metropolis for Want, notwitbftanding their Settlement was in fome of the Parijhes of London or Weftminfter, that the cruel Cufiom of Vejlry J Clerks rejecting their own Poor, unlefs brought by a Pafs was abolijhed, fer it is contrary to Law, contrary to Jufiice, and Inhuman to the lafi Degree.

93

Extracts from the Penal Lanas..

I. ALL Perfons who threaten to run away,

A and leave their Wives and Children to per/0™ " y the Parilh.

II.	All Perfons who (hall unlawfully return to fuch Parilh or Place from whence they have been legally removed by Order of two Juftices of the Peace, without bringing a Certificate from the.

Parilh or Place whereunto they belong.

III.	All Perfons not having wherewith to maintain themfelves, live idle without Employment, and refufe to work for the ufual and common Wages given to other Labourers in the like Work in the Parilhes or Places where they then are.

IV.	All Perfons going about from Door to Door, or placing themfelves in Streets, Highways or Paffages, to beg or gather Alms, in the Parilhes or Places where they dwell, lhall be deemed idle and dilorderly Perfons •, and any Perl’on may apprehend them, and carry them be- Who may fore a J uftice of the Peace, who may commit them apprehend to the Houfe of Correction for any Time not ex-ceeding one Month, to hard Labour, and give an Order on the Overfeer of the Parilh wherein any

fuch fhall be apprehended, for the Payment of

gs. to the Perfon or Perfons fo apprehending fuch Reward.

Offenders.

V.	All Perfons going about as Patent-ga- Farther De-therers, or Gatherers of Alms, under Pretences icinPl'°" of of Lolfes by Fire or other Cafualty; or going' aSranis-about as Collectors for Prifons, Gaols, or Hol-

pitals.

VI.	All Fencers and Bearwards.

VII.	All common Players of Interludes.

VIII.

94

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

VIII.	All Perfons who (hall for Hire, Gain or Reward, aft, reprefent or perform, or caufe to be afted, reprefented or performed, any Interlude, Tragedy, Comedy, Opera, Play, Farce, or other Entertainment of the Stage, or any Part or Parts therein, not being authorized by Law.

IX.	All Minfirels and Jugglers.

X.	All Perfons pretending to be Gypfies, or wandering in the Habit or Form of Egyptians, or pretending to have Skill in Phyfiognomy, Palmeftry, or like crafty Science, or pretending to tell Fortunes, or ufmg any fubtle Craft to deceive and impofe on any of his Majefty’s Sub-jefts, or playing or betting at any unlawful Games or Plays.

XI.	All Perfons who run away and leave their Wives or Children, whereby they become chargeable to any Parifli or Place.

XII.	All Petty Chapmen and Pedlars, wandering abroad, not being duly licenfed, or other-wife authorized by Law.

XIII.	All Perfons wandering abroad and lodging in Alehoufes, Barns, Out-houfes, or in the open Air-, not giving a good Account of themfelves.

XIV.	All Perfons wandering abroad and begging, pretending to be Soldiers, Mariners, Seafaring Men, or pretending to go to Work in Harveft, except fuch as have proper Paffes and Certificates.

XV.	And all other Perfons wandering abroad and begging, lhall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XVI,

ExtraBs from the TenalLaws'.	g$

XVI.	And ir is likewife enafted, That if any Who may Perfons (hall be found offending againft this Aft, [a^ellentl it (hall, and may be lawful, for any Perfon m' whatever, to apprehend the Perfon fo offending,

and to convey, or caufe to be conveyed to fome Juftice of the Peace, the Perfons fo apprehended.

XVII.	And in cafe any Conftable, or other Conftable fuch Officer, (hall refufe or negleft to ufe his "e£,cflinS bed Endeavours to apprehend, and convey toJJU * ‘ fome Juftice of the Peace, any fuch Offender,

it (hall be deemed a Negleft of Duty in fuch Conftable or Officer, for which he (hall forfeit any Sum not exceeding 51, nor lefs than i o s. Penalty; and thofe who refeue fuch Prifoners, are fubjeft to the fame Penalty.

XVIII.	And in cafe any other Perfon, being Perfons recharged by any Juftice of the Peace fo to do, t0 aPPre‘-(hall refufe or negleft to ufe his beft Endeavours hen '

to apprehend and deliver to the Conftable, or fuch other Officer, or to carry fuch Offenders before fome Juftice of the Peace, where no Conftable or other fuch Officer can be found, fuch Perfon fo neglefting or refufing, (hall forfeit the Sum of ioj.

XIX.	And in cafe any Perfon, not being a Reward for' Conftable, or fuch other Officer, (hall apprehend apprehending, any fuch Rogue or Vagabond, and dial] deliver

him or her to a Conftable, or other fuch Officer, dr (hall convey or caufe him or her to be conveyed to fome Juftice of the Peace, according to the above Directions; or if any Conftable or other fuch Officer (hall fo apprehend and convey fuch Rogue and Vagabond, the faid Juftice may reward any fuch Conftable or other Perfon, by making an Order under his Hand and Seal uoo.u H	‘the

95

Sheltering

Vagabonds.

I’erfons being drunk.

Extracts from the Penal Laws, the High or chief Conftable to pay the Sum of io s. to fuch Perfon fo apprehending fuch Rogue and Vagabond.

And if any Perfon (lull knowingly permit or fuller any Rogue, Vagabond or incorrigible Rogue to lodge or take fhelter in his or her Houfe, Barn, or other out-Houfe or Buildings, and (hall not apprehend and carry fuch Offender before fome Juftice of the Peace, or give Notice to fome Conftable or other fuch Officer fo to do, fuch Perfon (hall, on Conviction before one Juftice, forfeit any Sum not exceeding 40 s. nor lefs than ior. and if any Charge (hall be broughc upon any Parifli or Place, by Means of any fuch Offence, the fame (hall be anfwered to the Paid Parifli or Place by fuch Offender, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of his or their Goods; and for want of fufficient Diftrefs, to be committed to the Houfe of Corredtion for any Time not exceeding one Month.

CHAP. XVII.

Extracts from 4 Jac. 1. c. 5.	21	Jac.	1.

c. 7. 7 Jac. c. 10.	1	C.	c.	4. to prevent

Drunkemiefs.

TH E firft Statute enadts, That every Perfon who (hall be drunk, and thereof (hall be convicted before one Juftice, Mayor, (sc. on View, Confeffion, or Oath of one Witnefs, (hall forfeit for the firft Offence 5 s. to be paid within one Week after Convidtion, to the Churchwardens, who (hall be accountable for 1	the

Extracts from the Penal Laws'. gj

the fame to the Ufe of the Poor; and if he lhall rcfufe or negleCt to pay the fame as afore-faid, it (hall be levied by Diltrefs > and if the Offender final) not be able to pay the faid Sum of 5 s. he lhall be committed to the Stocks, there to remain by the Space of fix Hours.

II.	That if any Conftable or other inferiour Negiea of Officer, to whom that lhall be given in Charge by Officers, the Precept of any Mayor or Juftice, do negleCt

the due Correction of the Offender, or the due levying the Penalties where Diftrefs may be had, he lhall forfeit ior. to be levied by Diltrels.

III.	That if any Perfon once convifted of Second Drunkennefs, lhall afcer that be again sonvifted Offence, of the like Offence, he lhall be bounden with

two Sureties, in a Recognizance of io I with Condition to be from thenceforth of good Behaviour.

IV.	Provided always, that the Offender lhall Profecution

be convicted within fix Months after the Offence'° be w'tJ'in ,	fix Months,

committed.

V.	If any Alehoufe-keeper (hall be convicted Alehoufe-of being drunk, he lhall, befides the Penalties Keepers, above-mentioned, be utterly difabled to keep any

fuch Alehoufe for the Space of three Years next enfuing the Conviction, yjac.c.io. i C. r. 4.

H 2

« H A P,

98

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Penalty of

prophane

Swearing.

Perfonsfwear-ing in the Hearing of a Magilfrate;

Of a Conita-ble.

CHAP. XVIII.

XV. Extracts from 19 Geo. 2'. c. 2r. to prevent prophane Curfing and Swearing.

THIS Aft enacts. That if any Perfon fhall prophanely curfe or fwear, and be thereof convifted on Confeffion or Oath of one Witnefs, before one Juftice, or before the Mayor, Juftice, Bailiff, or other chief Officer of any City or Town Corporate, he fhall forfeit as follows, viz.

Every Day Labourer, common Soldier, or common Seaman, 1 s-Every other Perfon under the Degree of a Gentleman, 2 s.

And every Perfon of or above the Degree of a Gentleman, 5 s.

II. And in cafe any fuch Perfon fhall, after Conviftion offend a fecond Time, he fhall forfeit and lofe double; and for every other Offence, after a fecond Conviftion, treble.

III.	That in cafe any Perfon fhall prophanely fwear or curfe in the Prefence and Hearing of any Juftice, Mayor, idc. he fhall convift him without further Proof.

IV.	That in cafe any Perfon fhall curfe or fwear in the Hearing of a Conftable or other Peace Officer, if he is unknown to fuch Conftable or other Peace Officer, fuch Conftable or other Peace Officer, fhall feize, fecure and detain fuch Offender, and carry him before the next-

Juftice,

99

ExtraSls from the Penal Laws,.

Juftice, Mayor, &c. who (ball convift him on the Oath of fuch Peace Officer: But if fuch Offender (hall be known to inch Conftable or other Peace Officer, fuch Conftable or other Peace Officer ffiall fpeed.Iy make Information before fome Juftice, Mayor, Cfe. in order that he may be convicted.

V.	And fuch Juftice, Mayor, &c. ffiall im- How to be mediately, on fuch Information, on the Oath deak with, of any Peace Officer or other Perfon, caufe the Offender to appear before him ; and on Proof

of fuch Information, conviCt him :	And	if	he

ffiall not immediately pay down the Penalty, or give Security to the Satisfaction of fuch Juftice,

Mayor, f-fr, he may commit him to the Houle of Correction to hard Labour for ten Days.

VI.	The Charges of the Information, Sum- Charges of

, mons and Conviction, ffiall be paid by the Of- information, fender, if able, over and above the Penalties; f0u”em°an;j*cv' which Charges ffiall be afcertained by fuch Juf- offender. * tice. Mayor, &c. And if fuch Charges be not immediately paid, or Security given to the Satisfaction of fuch Juftice, Mayor, fcjV. he may commit him to the Houfe of Correction to hard Labour for fix Days, over and above fuch Time for which he may be committed for Non-payment of the Penalties.

VII.	But if fuch Soldier or Seaman fhall not Solars or

fo pay or fecure the Penalty, and alfo the Colts not of the Information, Summons and Conviction,	t0

he ffiall inftead of being committed to the Houfe be fet in the of Corrreftion, be ordered to be publicly fet in Stocks, the Stocks for one Hour, for every fingle Offence-,

and for any Number of Offences whereof he fhall be convicted at one and the fame Time, two Hours.

hi

VIII.

ioo	Ext rafts from the Penal Law.

Pe3ce Officers VIII. That if any Conftable, or other Peace not doing	Officer, (hall, on the Oath of one Witnels, be-

their Duty. £ore 0ne Juftice, Mayor, csV. be convided of having wilfully and wittingly omitted the Performance of his Duty in the Execution of this Aft, he lhall forfeit 40 s. to be levied by Dif-trefs; and if fufficientDiftrefs lhall not be found, he lhall be committed to hard Labour for one Month.

Limitation of IX. Provided that no Perfon lhall be professions. cuted or troubled for any Offence again ft this Statute, unlefs it be within eight Days next after the Offence committed.

CHAP. XIX.

Extrafts from 2 W. & M. Self. 2. c. 8. f. 20. and 8 6c 9 W. 3. c. 37. f. 4. relating to the Breeding and Keeping of Hogs and Swine in London.

Breeding or I- DY 2 of W. & M. it is enaded, That no Feeding XJ Perfon or Perfons whatfoever lhall breed, Swine in feed or keep, any fort or manner of Swine, London within any Part of the Houfes or Backfides of SomhwMk "or t^ie Pave^ Streets within the Cities of London Coumy of and tXejhidnJkr and the Liberties thereof, or Middlefex, the Borough of Southwark or Out-Parilhes in where Houfes .1^ (gounry 0r MiddUfex, where the Houfes o^e.coauga- ^ contiguous; upon Pain of forfeiting the fame to the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifn where fuch Swine lhall be kept, bred or fed, to the Ufe of the Poor thereof-, and that it lhall and may be lawful

for

IOt

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

for all or any of the Churchwardens, Chapel-wardens, Overfeers of the Poor, Conflables, Beadles, Headboroughs or Tything-men, of any of the faid Parilhes or Places, refpedtively at all Times in the Day-time, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Mayor of London, or any Juftice of the Peace, to fearch in all fuel) Places in their refpeftive Pari flies for the finding al] fuch Swine •, and all that fliall be fo found, to feize, take, drive and carry away, and the fame to fell for the beft Price that can be had, and the Money thereby produced forthwith to deliver to the Churchwardens or Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh where fuch Swine fliall be feized, to be diftributed to the Poor of the fame in fuch Manner and Proportions as the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers refpedtively fliall think fit.

II.	And by 8 H 9 W. 3. which has the following remarkable Preamble, viz. Whereas by a Statute made in the Second Tear of the Reign of William and Mary, the breeding, feeding and keeping any firt of Swine within the Backjides of paved Streets of the faid Cities, Borough or Parties where the Hottfes are contiguous, is prohibited on Pain of forfeiting all fuch Swine; which neverthelefs hath not prevented the fane; but that the Inhabitants of the faid Cities and Borough are fill much annoyed, and the Health and Lives of many Families endangered by the unwbolcfome Savour of fuch Swine, which are fill in great Numbers kept within the Backfdes of feveral paved Streets of the faid Cities and Borough-, It is enadted, That the faid Aft, and the Claufe therein againft the breeding, feeding and keeping of Swine, fliall be, from and after the joth

h 4	Day

102

Enforced.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Day of April 1697, aftually put in Execution againft all Perfons whatfoever who lhall prefume to breed, feed or keep any manner of Swine within any Part of the Houfes or Back-fides of the paved Streets or Lanes of the faid Cities, Borough or Parilhes, fo far as the contiguous Buildings of them, or any of them, extend, or within the Space of fifty Yards thereof.

Obs. Either from the Ignorance of., or Inattention to, the above Statutes, the Evil they were intended to remove, is encreafed to an enormous Degree; and a Number of Sows for breeding, and other Hogs, are kept in Cellars, and other confined Places, in the City and Liberty of 'Weftminfter, which are very offenfme and un-wbolefome.

CHAP. XX.

Extracts from 26 Geo. 2. c. 31. and 30 Geo. 2. c. 24. relating to Publicans keeping disorderly Houfes, or fiff'ering Gaming in their Houfes.

Obs. When any Publican takes out or renews his Licence before the Jufiices of the Peace, he then enters into a Recognizance with Sureties; the Wirds and Conditions of which are as follow, viz. That he fhall keep the true Afiize in uttering of Bread, Beer, Ale and other Victuals and Liquors, and fell Bread according to the Affize, and not Gthenvife; and {hall not have, permit or fuffer any playing at Cards, Dice, Tables, Bowls or any other unlawful Game or Games, in his

Houfe,

Ext raffs from the Penal Laws.	i0j

Houfe, Out-houfe, Yard, Garden or Backfide; nor fuffer any Perfon to become drunk, or remain there tipling or drinking contrary to law, nor fuffer any other Diforder to be committed therein, but to maintain and keep good Order and Rule in the fame, according to the Laws of this Realm in that Behalf made and provided.

And it is to this Recognizance that the following Claufe of the above Statute fo immediately relates, and deferves the f.ritleSl Attention of every Publican.

I. 'T' HAT any Juftice of the Peace of any Publicans fbr-I County, Riding, City, Liberty or feiting Recog-Town Corporate, wherein the Licence of anyniz“nce> Publican fhall be granted, upon Complaint or^'jj* jng Information that fuch licenled Perfon hath donea Public or committed any Aft, Offence or Mifdemea- Houfe for $ nour, whereby in the Judgment of the lameYears-Juftice, fuch Recognizance may be forfeited, or the Condition thereof broken, may, by Summons under his Hand and Seal, require fuch Perfon fo complained of or informed againft, to appear at the next General or Quarter-Sef-fions of the Peace, then and there to anfwer the Matter of fuch Complaint or Information ; and may alfo bind the Perfon or Perfons who {hall make fuch Complaint or Information, or any other Perfon or Perfons, in a Recognizance to appear at fuch General or Quarter-Seffions, and give Evidence againft fuch Perfon fo complained of or informed againft ; and if he lhall be convifted by a Jury to be appointed by the Juftices for that Purpofe, the faid Ju-ftices {hall adjudge the faid Publican guilty of the Breach of fuch Recognizance •, which Ver-di& and Adjudication lhall be final to all Intents

104.	Ext	rafts	from	the	Penal Laws'.

tents and Purpofes; and thereupon the faid Juftices fhall order the Recognizance entered into by fuch Publicans to be e(treated ; and the faid Publican (hall, after fuch Adjudication, be utterly difabled to fell any Ale, Beer, Cyder, Perry, Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, for the Space of three Years; and any Licence or Licences granted or to be granted to fuch

O	D

Publican, during fuch Term, to be void, and of none Effect.

Publican, fof- jj g., Geo. 2. c. 24. it is enafted, That miocfin their 3ny Ikrfon or Perfons, licenfed to fell any Hoofes. a.c. fort of Liquors, or who fhall fell or fuffer the by Journey- Jame to be fold in his, her or their Houfe or men. Servants j-jou{*es^ or an-y Out-houfes, Ground or A-forfeit' Partments thereto belonging, (hall knowingly 40's, for the fuffer any Gaming with Cards, Dice, Draughr, fail Offence, Shuffle Boards, Miffiffippi or Billiard Tables, and 101. for Skittles, Nine pins, or with any other Imple-Offes-eh:r menc Gaming, in his, her or their Houfes, Out-houfes, Ground or Apartments thereto belonging, by any Journeymen, Labourers, Servants or apprentices, and fhall be convicted of the faid Offence, on their own Confeffion, or on the Oaths of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divifion, Ci-

„	...	ty, Liberty or Place, wherein the Offence fhall

Conviction to/	/	,	.	/.	r	.	.	,

b" within fix committed, within fix Days after any iuch Days. Offence fhall be committed, he, fhe or they,' fo offending, fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of 40/. and, for every like Offence, which he, fhe or they, fhall afterwards be convicted of, before any fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, he, (lie or they, fo offending, fhall forfeit the Sum of 10 /.

III.

ExtraBs from the Penal Lam.	105

III.	If any Journeyman, Labourer, Appren- Journeymen, tice or Servant, fhall Game in any Houle, Out- Labourers and houfe, Grounds or Apartments tiiereto belong-ing, wherein any Liquors fhall be fold, and Public Hcu-Complaint thereof fhall be made on Oath before fes, &c. any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty or Place, where the Offence fhall have been committed, every fuch Juftice or Juftices fhall thereupon iffue his or their Warrant to fome Conftable, Tything-man, Headborough or other Peace Officer of the Parifh, Precindt or Place, where the Offence fhall have been charged to have been committed, or where the Offender fhall refide, to apprehend and carry every fucli Offender before fome Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, afting for the County, Riding, Divifion,

City, Liberty or Place where the Offence (hall be committed, or where the Offender fhall refide: And if the Perfon, who fhall oe apprehended, fhall be convicted of the laid Offence; by the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witnefles, or on his own Confeflion; every fuch Offender fhall forfeit any Sum, not exceeding 20 s. nor lefs than 5 s. or be committed to the F°rfeitnotex-Houfe of Correftion to hard Labour for anyceed1'n,°l°5'

w	t	*	.	...	,	1	nor lets than

Time not exceeding one Month, or till the Sum c s. forfeited fha'l be paid.

Obs. When it is con flier ed by the Publican how much he pays yearly for his fcverr.l Licences, that he is fubjeht to quarter Soldiers, and we other Lof'cs and Expenses nccejjarily attending the carrying on his Bufinefs, furely he cannot be too cautious to avoid the above Penalties, which muft r.ecejfarily dijlrefs his Family, as well as take away the Reputation of bis Houfe. And as there arc many Pcrfcns who

are

ExfraBs from the Penal Laws.

are wicked, enough to teaze a Publican to lend them Cards, or to fuffler them to Game in their Houfes, merely that they may have an Opportunity to inform againfl the Houfe for the Sake of the Reward, no Publican can be fafe who fuffcrs Gaming of any kind in his Houfe, whether by ILufe-keepers or not. But it is feared, that the too great Number of Public Houfes is the great Caufe of thefe Evils, as it induces the Publican to make Ufe of thefe ‘Temptations to draw Cuftom to his Houfe; which would not be the Cafe if their IS umber was leffened.

Tf the Magiftrates of the County of Middlefex and City and Liberty of Weftminfter, would unani-moujly agree to reduce the Number of Aleboufes, by fuppreffmg t'oofe that appear to be unneceffary, from the Number there are in the Neighbourhood, who only Jlarve one another, and would make it a con-ftant Rule to ref ufe a Licence to any Publican that has either Billiard Table, Mifflfflppi Table, Shuffle Board, or Skittle Ground in their Houfes, allowing Skittle Grounds only to tbofe Publicans, who live in the Villages round this Metropolis, on Condition cf their not opening thefe Grounds till fix o'Clock in the Evening, it would be productive of infinite good Effects to Society. This Diverficn would then anfwer the End of Relaxation to the Common People, without encouraging Idlenefs, or enervating Indufiry \ but SGttle Grounds in the Town are attended with much Mifchief, and when they are kept open all Day in the Country they are equally obnoxious. And as I am now fpeaking of Publicans, it may not be improper to obferve the great Injuries they frequently occajion to Trade, by ftiffering the Combinations of Journeymen at their Houfes, where they meet, enter into fcandalous Agreements to raife their Wages, leffen their Hours of Work,

ExtraBs, from the Penal Lam.

perplex their Majlers, put a Jlop to "Trade, impo-verijh themfelves and Families to enrich the Publican : this ought to be deemed a good Caufe for the refufal of a Licence.

Tradefmen paying their Workmen at Public Houfes commonly called Pay Tables, are very injurious, as the Men are too often kept out of their Money ’till late on Saturday Night, out of Indulgence to the Publican, by 'which Means the Mechanic goes Home drunk and empty handed to his Family, where Bifirefs begets Words, then Blows.

CHAP. XXI.

ExtraSs from 16 & 17 Cha. 2. c. 2. 12 Ann. c. 17.	3	Geo. 2. c. 26.	19

Geo. 2. c. 35.	32	Geo. 2. for the pre-

venting of Frauds and Ahufes in the Ad-meafurement of Coals.

I. Tp H E firft Aft enafts, That all forts of Sea Coal to be 1 Coal, commonly called Sea Coal, broughtfoId by the into the River Thames and fold, (hall be fold by Cba,dr0IK the Chaldron, containing 36 Bufhels heaped up, and according to the Bulhel fealed for that pur* pofe at Guildhall in London, and fo for a greater or leffer Quantity. And that all forts of Coals coming from Scotland and other Places, com-Scotch Coal monly fold by Weight and not by Meafure, by Weight, fliall be fold by Weight after the Proportion of an Hundred and Twelve Pounds to the Hundred of Avoirdupoife Weight, without any Fallacy and Deceit; on Pain of Forfeiture 0fForfe‘tare' all the Coals which fhall be otherwife fold or expofed to Sale by any Woodmonger or Retailer

io8	Extracts	from	the	Penal	Laws.

Lord Mayor and AUeracn or three Ju-ftices, £0 let the Price of Coals fold by Retail.

Perfons refilling to fell at the Rate fo fixed.

Size of the Bulhel.

tailer of Coals, and double the Value thereof5 to be recovered in any Court of Record, or by way of Complaint before the Lord Mayor or two Juft ices.

II. The Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen, and three or more Juftices of the feveral Counties refpedivelv, are hereby empowered to fet the Rates and Prices of all fuch Coals as (ball be fold by Retail, as they from Time to Time lhall judge reafonable, allowing a competent Profit to the Retailers.

IIT. And if any Ingrofter or Retailer of fuch Coals, fhall refufe to lell as aforelaid, the faid Lord Mayor and Juftices refpeftively are hereby authorized to appoint and empower fuch Officers and Perfons, as they fhall think fit, to enter into any Wharf or other Place where fuch Coals are ftored up; and in cafe of Refufal, taking a Conftable to force Entrance, and the faid Coals to fell, or caule to be fold, at fuch Rates as the faid Lord Mayor and Juftices refpeftively fhall judge reafonable.

IV.	12 Ann. c. 17. enadts, That the Bulhel commonly called the Coal Bufhel, fhall be made round, with a plain and even Bottom, and to be nineteen Inches and a half from Outfide to Outfide, and to contain one Wincbsfter Bulhel and one Quart of Water. See 3 Geo. 2. c. 26.

f- 13-

Of the Sacks. V. 32 Geo. 2. All Sacks made Ule of for the Carriage of Coals, fhall be Linen, and fealed and marked with white Paint in Oil at Guildhall, London, or at the Exchequer-Office at WeJlminfter-, and fhall be full four feet two Inches in Length and full twenty-fix Inches in Breadth, after they are made; and Dealers in. Coals ufing or cau-

fing.

ExtraBs from the Penal Lam.	109

fing to be ufed Sacks of any lei's Dimenfions, or labouring Coal-Meters fuffering any Sacks to be ufed, being lefs than full four Feet in Length, and full two Feet in Breadth within fide the Sack, or fhall negleit to attend and perforin their Duty at the Wharfs, (hall forfeit 40 s. for every i'uch Offence.

VI.	3 Geo. 2. c. 26. All Lightermen and Pool Meafure. other Perfons dealing in Coals, who fhall fell to

any Perfon any Parcel or Quantity of Coals as and for Pool Meafure, viz. fuch Meafure as is ufually given or allowed in the Pool or River Thames, including the Ingrain, and fhall not deliver the full Quantity of Coals fo fold, and accordingly meafured, from on Board-fhip to fuch Lightermen or other Dealers in Coals, by the Meter, together with the Ingrain thereof, fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of 100/.

VII. ig Geo. 2. c. 35. All Contrails and Contrails for Agreements, for any Quantity of Coals to be "ot lefs tl,an

delivered within the City and Liberty of Weft- Chaldron

. „	, „	,	/ _	,	ip „ to be under-

minfter, that Part of the Dutchy of Lancafter n00c| I0 be adjoining thereto, the Par if] of St. Giles in the Pool Meafure, Fields, St. Mary-le-Bone, and fuch Part of the tho’ not mcn-Parijh of St. Andrew, Holbourn, as lies in the County of Middlefex, direitly from any Lighter or other Craft, to the Confumer, (not being lefs than five Chaldron) including the Ingrain of one Chaldron to the Score, and (hall be fo underftood between the Seller and Buyer, tho’ the term of Pool Meafure may be omitted in any written or verbal Contrail or Agreement for that Purpole.

VII r.

i io	ExtraBs	from	the Penal Laws.

Seller to py VIII. That 4 d. for every Chaldron, which PY«t'lls* (hail be fold and delivered at any Wharf, Ware-SeeVrdds^ hoiife or Place, within the Limits aforefaid,

XVI.	ftiall be paid by the Seller to the principal Land Coal-Meters, or to the labouring Coal-Meters; and thereupon fuch principal Land Coal-Meters {hall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to every Seller of fuch Coals, or the Carman who {hall cart, lead, drive or carry the fame, a Paper Meters to give Writing or Ticket, figned by the faid principal Tickets. Land Coal-Meters, or one or more of them, and counterfigned by the labouring Coal-Meter attending and delivering the fame ; in which {hall be contained as well the Chriftain and Surname of the refpeftive Seller as of the Confumer of the faid Coals, the Quantity and Quality, the Price fer Chaldron, and the Day of the Week, Month and Year of the Sales, Delivery and Admea-furement, the Amount of the Metage, Charge Tickets to be and the Names of the Carmen or Perfons em-t0 Ployed t0 cart, lead, drive or carry the fame e 0 nsner qq^s . wLiCh faid Ticket, being thus made compleat, and Metage paid, {hall be delivered, unaltered, by the labouring Coal-Meter counter-figning the fame, without Delay, to the Carman or Perlon employed to' cart, carry, lead or drive the Coals defcribed in fuch Ticket, who {hall deliver the faid Ticket to the Confumer or his Seller to be Agent or Servant unaltered j and the Confumer paid Metage. js reqUjrec] t0 pay t0 jjjg Seller the Metage therein fpecified: And if the labouring Coal-Meter {hall after Payment of the Metage Charge, Rrfufal &c refr|fe t0 deliver fuch Ticket to the Carman, he of Tickets." ^dl, for every fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of 51. And if fuch Carman {hall either alter or

refufe

4

ExtraSfs from the Penal Laws.	j	I	j

refufe to deliver fuch Ticket to the Confumer, she fliall forfeit for every fuch Offence 5 /.

IX.	32 Geo. 2. If any labouring Coal-Meter Delivering /hall deliver .a Ticket to any Perfon for any T,ck«s w'd>-, Quantity, .of Coals, without haying been prefent fc„t a"”f/re' at, and feen the meafuring of the whole Quan- meafuring the tity thereof fpecified.and exp.re.ffed in fuch Tick- Coals.

-et, in every! fuch Cafe the principal Coal-Meters . (hall forfeit the Sum of 51, and every labouring Coal-Meter fo offending fliall be committed to the Houfe of Corredtion to hard Labour for any Time, not .exceeding 30 Days, and fliall be for ever rendered incapable of adding as a labouring • Coal-Meter.

■X. 19 Geo. 2. c. 35. If any Cart loaded, or Penalty on in which, any Quantity of Coals exceeding eight carrri"g more Bufhels lhall be fent or driven,from any Wharf BuM-fwith or Warehoufe, or Place within the aforefaid Li- out obtaining" mils, without having firlt obtained fuch Ticket fuch Ticket, as aforefaid; the Seller and Driver of fuch See Art, XVI. Coals being thereof convicted by the Oaths of t.wo Witndfes before one Juftice, fliall forfeit as follows, viz. the Seller 501, and the Driver 5

XI. No Coals of or belonging to any DealerMcters fuffer-in Coals above the Quantity of eight Bufhels, under and in Performance of any one Contract, t0\e lent lhall be fent and delivered from any Wharf, from any Warehoufe or Storehoufe, within the Limits ''Wart, with-aforefaid, except in the Prefence of one of fuch labouring Coal-Meters; and if any labouringseeM.XVI. Coal-Meter ;ihall wittingly and willingly fuffer a greater Quantity than eight Bufliels to be lent from any Wharf as aforefaid without being meafured as before is directed, and fliall not give Information thereof to the Principal Land Coal-I	Meters

112	Extraffs from the Penal Laitis.

Meters or their Deputies, at the faid Office,' within two Days next after fuch Coals (hall have been fent as aforefaid, he (hall from thenceforth be for ever rendered incapable of afting' as a labouring Coal-Meter within the faid Limits, and forfeit 5 /.

Dealers	XII. If any Dealer in Coals (hall direftly or

giving or	Indirectly give or caufe to be given to any la-

Meters re- bouring Coal-Meter, any Fee, Reward, Gratu-ceinng more	or gum 0f Money whatsoever; or if any

Coal's, than"2 labouring Coal-Meter (hall receive from any id. per	Dealer in Coals for his Trouble or Pains in at-

thaldion.	tending or meafuring of Coals, other than the

faid Sum of 4 d. by the Chaldron, the Dealer (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit 501, and the labouring Coal-Meter fo offending (hall from thenceforth for ever be rendered incapable of afting as a Coal-Meter, and forfeit the Sum of 5/.

Carter frau- XIII. 32 Geo. 2. If the Driver of any Cart, dnlemly deli- ]0aden with Coals, or any Perfon belonging ferinSCdalf c^eret0’ or employed therewith, (hall deliver toTe2taken or fuffer to be delivered or taken from fuch from his Cart. Cart, any Coals under his Care, otherwife than to or for the Ufe of the Owner thereof, he (hall, for every Offence, be publicly whipt or committed to the Houfe of Correftion for three Months.

Pelj°ns d'fo- XIV. If any Perfon (hall be diffatisfied with, re meafure" or ^ink himfelf aggrieved by, or in the Mea-Coals. Upon fure of any Coals, the fame (hall (either upon Re-meafnre- acquainting the Seller of, or the Carman driving ment, falling or leading fuch Coals, at any Time during the Qnantf ^the ^el‘vei7 thereof, and before the Carman (hall were origioal- be difcharged thereof by the Confumer or his ly fold for. Agent) be re-meafured in the Prefence of a Sea

Coal-

Pxtratfs from the Penal Laws]	]fj	jf

Coal-Meter, from the Sea Coal-Meter’s Office* or one of the Meters or their Agents, for which fhall be paid 4 d. and no more, for every Chaldron ; and in cafe the Coals thus to be re-mea-fured, fhall not amount to the Meafure for which they were originally fold and meafured, the principal Coal-Meter or Coal-Meters fhall, for every Bufhel the faid Coals fo to be re-meafured, fhall fall fhort of, or be deficient in, the true Quantity or Meafure fo originally contrafted, fold and meafured, forfeit and pay the Sum of 40 s,

XV.	19 G«. 2. c. 35. That from and afterCarter not to Notice (hall have been given in Writing to the <3fuit ’ll? c.art

Cj	O	zitrpr NaSii'p

Seller of fuch Coals, or to the Carman driving of fuch or carrying the fame, and whilft fuch Coals fhall tisfaftion. fo remain in their or either of their PofTefllon or Power as aforefaid, of any fuch Difiatisfaftion or Grievance as aforefaid, fuch Seller or Carman, in whofe PofTefiion or Power fuch Coals fhall at the Time of fuch Notice be, fhall not leave or depart from the Cart in which fuch Coals fhall have been laden ; but he and they fhall remain with the fame, and take all poffible Care of the Coals and Cart, till a Meter can be procured to re-meafure fuch Coals,

XVI.	32 Geo. 2. None of the Provifions Frovilions made by the Aft of the 19 Geo. 2. or this Aft relating w the relating to the Payment of any Sums of Money, ^dmiLVare-for, or on Account of the Admeafurement or ment 0fCoaIsB Infpeftidn of the Admeafurement of Coals, or 0r Punilhment the Punifhment of any Dealer in Coals, or Car- of Dealers or ter, on Account of fending, carrying or loading Carters.

of Coals from any Wharf or Place within the Limits aforefaid, fhall take Place and be in I 2	Force

H4

Apprentices with whom no more than 51, is given, may be it iff barged by

two Juflices.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Force, except in fuch Cafes only where the Buyer of fuch Coals Ihall have fignified by Notice in Writing to one of the principal Coal-Meters, or one of the labouring Coal-Meters, his or her Defire to have the Attendance of a Coal-Meter to infped the Admeafurement of his or her Coals, and where a Coal-Meter {hall, purfuant to fuch Notice, attend and adually infped the Admeafurement of the whole Quantity of fuch Coals.

CHAP. XXII.

Extracts from 20 Geo. 2. c. 19. for the better Regulation of Apprentices.

I.	'T“' HIS Ad enads. That two or more x Juftices, upon any Complaint or Application by any Apprentice, put out by the Pa-rifh, or any other Apprentice, upon whofe binding out no larger Sum than 51, was paid, touching or concerning any Mifufage, Refufal of ne-ceflary Provifion, Cruelty or other ill Treatment of or towards fuch Apprentice, by his or her Matter or Miftrefs, may fummon fuch Matter or Miftrefs to appear before them, and may examine into the Matter of fuch Complaint; and upon Proof thereof made upon Oath to their Satisfadion (whether the Matter or Miftrefs be prefent or not) may difcharge fuch Apprentice by Warrant or Certificate, under their Hands and Seals.

II.

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws', 11 5

II.	That fuch Juftices, on Application or And may Complaint made, on Oath, by any Matter or Puni(I) AP~ Miftrefs, againft any fuch Apprentice, touching Kemeanor, or concerning any Mifdemeanor, Mifcarriage or Mifcarriageor ill Behaviour, in fuch his or her Service, may Mifbehaviour. hear, examine, and determine the fame, and puiiifh the Offender by Commitment to the Houfe of Corre&ion, there to remain and be corre&ed, and held to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month, or otherwife by difcharging fuch Apprentice in Manner and Form before-mentioned.

.The 5 Eliz. c. 4. / 35. enafts, That Ap- ’Pr«ntices prentices with whom more than ^ I. is given, '!'th w1hora ,

r	,	j>.	1	,	1	P	fr	“	°	■	amore t*lan ; !•-

may be difcharged at the SelFions on a jult js g;ven> t(j Complaint, either from the Matter or Appren- be difcharged tice: And on Complaint being firft made to«Seflions. any one Juftice of the Peace, he may bind over the Matter to the Seflions, or may commit the te0aa Apprentice.	Juftice.

The 2 £:? 3 Ann. c. 16. f 17. enafts, That Mailers may when Apprentices (hall be impreffed, or volun- ^rce,',e.th.eir tarily enter themfelves into his Majefty’s Ser-vice, the Owners and Matters of fuch Appren- voluntarily tices, their Executors, Adminiftrators or Al-entering into figns, (hall be intitled to the Wages due to fuch^s Majefty’s Apprentices.	Service-

The 5 Eliz. c. 4. /. 31. enafts, That it (hall No Petfon to not be lawful to any Perfon to fet up, occupy, UP any ufe or exercife any Craft, Myftery or Occupa-tion now ufed or occupied, unlefs he (hall have |-even yeaf3-been brought up therein feven Years at the leaft as an Apprentice ; on Pain of forfeiting 40J. a Month.

* Obs.

ExtraBs from the Tend Laws'.

* Obs. As Maflers frequently lofe their Apprentices at the laiter Part of their Time, when they become mojl ufeful, it is recommended to all Perfons taking Apprentices, to take Care that the Indentures of Jucb Apprentices be made for feven Tears, and the faid Indentures be indented, duly Jlamped, and that the Buttes to be paid for the Money taken with fitch Apprentices, be duly paid. An eyatt Obfervance of thefe Direflicns will prevent many In-conveniencies to both Majlers and Apprentices.

Mafters alfo frequently lofe their Apprentices by their Enlifting and tho’ an Apprentice may be dif-charged by a Juftice of Peace when enlified, yet, as recruiting Officers frequently give large Bounties for the raijing of Men to compleat their Corps, if they are careful to examine fuel young Men, whether.

they be Apprentices or not, I apprehend they may in-dibi fucb Apprentices for this fpecies of Fraud $ and an Example or two of this fort would moft certainly put an End to this Impofition, for an Officer cannot recover this Money by Action from the Mafter.

For other Matters relative to Apprentices, fee 6 Geo. 3. c. 25. in Appendix. *

* Articled Clerks to Attornies maybe bound for fiveYears. —'Prentices to Apothecaries for eight Years.—Parifli Apprentices Boys till they are four and twenty Years of Age.— Girls till they are twenty-one Years of Age, or till their Marriage. The laft Article altered by 7 Geo. 3. c. 39. fee Appendix.

Extracts from the Penal Laws,

117

CHAP. XXIII.

Extrails from 29 Geo. 2. c. 14. relating to the Duty on Plate,

I.	• 'T' HIS Law enafts, That the annual Du- Annual Du-1 ties payable on Silver Plate, are as fol- ties payable low, viz.	Sllve:

For and upon 100 Ounces Troy Weight, e-and any greater Quantity not amounting to 200 Ounces, 5 s.

For and upon 200 Ounces, and any greater Quantity not amounting to 300 Ounces, ioj.

And fo on in exaft Proportion to the Amount of 4000 Ounces, for which, and any greater Quantity, 10 /.

II.	That all Perfons and Bodies Politick or Perfons liable Corporate, who (hall own, ufe, have or keep any t0.[he ^uties-Quantity of Silver Plate, chargeable by this Aft, 'furifdia^n 0f in London, Weftminfter, or in any other Parts chief Office within the Limits or Jurifdiftion of the Chief of Excife in Office of Excife in London, ffiall give Notice and London, to make true Entry thereof, and the Number offtake'* Ounces, in Writing, at the faid Office, where- Entry there, foever the fame or any Part thereof ffiall be kept, and of the Pariffi or Place where fuch Perfons ffiall refpeftively inhabit, or fuch Bodies Politick; or Corporate be fituate, within 20 Days next after fuch Perfons or Bodies Politick or Corporate ffiall begin to own, ufe, have or keep the fame.

And all fuch Perfons and Bodies Politick or Cor-porate, not inhabiting or being fituate within the^^",;^'-Limits aforefaid, ffiall give the like Notice, and Notice I 4	make

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

make the like Entry at the Office of Excife next to the Place where fuch Perfons ffiall inhabit, or fuch Bodies Politick or Corporate be fituate: And all Perfons or Bodies Politick or Corporate refpeftively (hall, at the Time of giving fuch Notice, and making fuch Entry, pay down the refpeftive Rates and Duties chargeable by this Aft. And fuch refpeftive Rates and Duties (hall annually be computed and deemed payable from the Time of their firft beginning to own, ufe, have or keep fuch Silver Plate.

Frefli Notice	I if That all Perfons and Bodies Politick or

to e given, corp0rate who (hall give, or be obliged to

sad Dupes	P ’	-	„	.	°

paid annually. g‘ves iuch Notice as aforeiaid, (hall, within 30 Days next after the Commencement of each Year, for which fuch Rates and Duties (hall be payable, give a frefli Notice in Manner afore-faid, and pay down the refpeftive Duties fo long as they (hall continue to own, ufe, have or keep 2ny Quantity of Silver Plate chargeable by this Aft. And all Perfons or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who (hall refufe or negleft to give fuch Erfl: Notice, and make fuch Entry, and 201. Penalty Payment as aforeiaid •, or to renew the fame yearly, in Manner aforefaid •, or (hall, with [n-renewLg the tent to defrau° his Majefty of any fuch Rates feme. and Duties, conceal, or caufe or procure to be concealed, any Silver Plate, or aft contrary to the refpeftive Direftions of this Aft, (hall for every fuch Offence refpeftively, forfeit 201.

Frefli Notice	IV. That no Perfon, or Body Politick or Cor-

do: ceceflhry porste, (hall be obliged to give any fuch frelh

A^uiGton of^Tot^ce’ or ma^e any luch new Entry or Pay-PlMe'wu™c° ment between the Commencement and Expira-the year. tlon of the Year, for which any fuch Rates or Duties (hall have been paid; although fuch

Perfon,

118

at the next Office of Excifc,

and pay Duties.

Srfpeftive

Times of con.putirg

H9

Extracts front the Penal Laws.

Perfon, or Body Politick or Corporate, may have acquired in the mean Time the Property,

Ufe, PofiefTion or Cuftody, of any additional Quantity of Silver Plate.

V.	Perfons who (hall keep and not' ufe any Pcrfons re-

Silver Plate, which hath been or (hall be ceivi«g Plate

pledged to or depofited with fuch Perfon % byIn. p,edSe’ r i r *■ n i n r ■ i	1	without	uiine

any other Perfon or Body Politick or Corporate, lt,e fa(ne no“

(hall not be charged with the Duties payable by liable. *

this Aft, for fuch Plate. But the true Owner

of fuch Plate fo pledged and depofited (hall, Owner to pay

during all fuch Time as fuch Plate (hall be fo Duty for fuch

kept and not ufed, be liable to pay the Ratesple<igedPlate,

and Duties chargeable by this Aft;

VI.	That every Goldfmith, Silverfmith, Ma- Dealers to nufafturer. Seller of, or Dealer in Plate, (hall PV,or Plat® give fuch Notice, make fuch Entry, and pay the111 Ufe> Rates and Duties aforefaid, for all fuch Silver

Plate as (hall be ufed by him or in his Frmily, on Pain of forfeiting 201.

CHAP. XXIV.

ExtraSls from 31 Geo. 2. c. 40. and 2 W.

& M. feff. 2. c. 8. relative to the buying and felling of Hay and Straw in London, and to S'alefmen buying or felling of Fat Cattle on their own Account.

I.	f T is enafted, That if any Perfon or Per- Trulfo of 1 ions (hall fell or deliver, or bring into or Straw to expofe to Sale in London, or within the Limits we'gl1 of the weekly Bills of Mortality, or in any

Place

120

Extracts from the Penal La ws '.

Place within the Diftance of 30 Miles from the Extent of any Part of the faid Weekly Bills of Mortality, where Straw (hall be fold in Bundles or trades, any Bundle or Trufs of Straw which fhall be of lefs Weight than 36 lb. of good and found Straw, or which fhall be in the infide of If wanting in ^ fuch Bundle or Trufs, of different Good-Weight, or if nefs or Quality from what the fame by the Out-the Innde be fide of any fuch Bundle or Trufs fhall appear to be, he, fhe or they fhall forfeit the Sum of 20 s. for every Quantity of Straw not delivered in Bundles, and the Sum of 1 s. for every Bundle or Trufs which he, fhe or they fhall fo fell, feits for Straw within the Limits aforefaid, which fhall not be ^TWfes °‘ t^ie feid full Weight of 36 lb. of good and 20 s. and for found Straw, or which fhall be proved to be in every Trafi the infide of any fuch Bundle or Trufs of dif-nnder Weight ferent Goodnefs or Quality from what the fame or of a mixed by the Outfide of any fuch Bundle, or Trufs fhall appear to be. See Seft. 4th concerning the Perfons employed to bind the fame, in the Statutes at Large.

II.	And it is enabled, That every Trufs of Hay, which fhall be fold or expofed to Sale within the aforefaid Limits, fhall be made up with good and found Hay only ; and fuch as

of a worfe Quality than the Outfide imports, Offender for-

Quality, 1 s.

Truffes of Hay to be made up in

like manner,	>uu	iuuhu i iaj umj , auu .um u

of good found tjie fame Q,ajj appear t0 be by the Outfide of ofequal^,aE every Bundle or Trufs; and that fuch Hay only Goodnefs as fhall be good and found, fhall be deemed and taken to be the Hay which is to make up the Weight every Trufs of Hay by Law ought to

_________ be and that the Bands fhall not exceed the

Weight only. Weight of 5 lb. under the Pain of forfeiting 1 s. Weight of each Trufs •, and the Perfons employed to bind Bands of a Up fuch Straw or Hay, to forfeit 3 d. for each Trufs ol Hay. *	.	Trtjfs,

throughout; the found Hay to be allowed in

ExtraSls from the Penal Laws'.	121

Trufs, that fhall not be of due Weight and proper Quality.

III.	By 2 W. & M. fejf. 2. c. 8. it is enaCted, The Weight That every Trufs of Old Hay, brought or of- of a Tru£i fered to be fold in any Place within the Cities

of London and Wefiminfter, and all other Places within the Bills of Mortality, between the tyft Day of Attgiift and the firft Day of June, fhall contain and be the full Weight of 561b. at leaft. And that every Trufs of Hay brought or offered to be fold within the Limits aforefaid, between the firft Day of June and the laft Day of Auguji, in any Year, being new Hay of that Summer’s Growth, fhall be and contain the full Weight of 60 lb. and Old Hay of any former Year’s Growth, the Weight of 56 lb. as aforefaid, under the Penalty of it. 6d. for every Trufs wanting of the Weights aforefaid.

IV.	And by the aforefaid Statute of the jiftSalefman Geo. 2. it is enaCted, That no Perfon who fhall s'trawon aft as a common Salefman, in felling Hay or j,;s own Straw, for any other Perfon for Gain or Re- Account to ward, or by Commiflion, in London, or within fell again, the Bills of Mortality, fhall diredly or indirectly buy any Hay or Straw, on his own Account,

other than what he fhall purchafe, to fpend for his own Ufe; on Pain of forfeiting 1 s. p(r Trufs of fuch Hay or Straw, which lhall be fo fold by or for him.

V.	And it is enaCted, That in order to pre- A Regilter to vent any undue Practices between the Owners kept in or Salefmen of Hay or Straw, and the Servants ^London* of the Buyers thereof, and for other Purpofes, and

there fhall be kept in the Haymarket in the the weekly City of London, and at every other Haymarket Bills.

within

2

.21

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

within the Bills of Mortality where Hay or Straw is allowed to be fold, a Book or Regifter for entering and regiftering therein, an Account of all Hay and Straw which (hall be fold in any fuch Haymarket refpeftively.

_ VI. And that every Perfon who (hall fell any of Hay an7 Hay or Straw in London, or within the Bills of Straw fold by Mortality, his Servant or Agent lhall, within bitn within a fix Hours after any Hay or Straw (hall at any limited Time. Xime fc>e fold in any public Haymarket in London, or within the faid weekly Bills of Mortality, and within feven Days after every Sale of Hay or Straw in London, or within the Bills of Mortality, (hall be made out of any fuch Haymarket in London, or any Place within the Limits of the faid weekly Bills of Mortality, make an Entry in the Book or Regifter of the Haymarket in which any fuch Hay or Straw fhall be fold-, or where the fame (hall not be fold in any fuch Haymarket, then in the Book or Regifter of the Haymarket which (hall be molt contiguous to the Place in London, or Diflinguifliing within the faid weekly Bills of Mortality, in Name and which any fuch Hay or Straw fhall be fold; Place of diftinguilhing therein the Names and Places of Owner° ^ Abode of the Owners and Sellers of any fuch Seller and Hay or Straw, and the Names and Places of Bayer, &c. Abode of the refpeftive Buyer or Buyers therewith die Date of, and alfo of the Perfon or Perfons for whom

and toTn or ^or w^°^e Ufe any fuch Hay or Straw lhall the faid	be fo bought, and alfo the Day in which fuch

Entry.	Hay or Straw (hall be fo bought, and the true

Price at which the fame (hall be really fold; and every Perfon who (hall fell any fuch Hay or Straw, his Servant or Agent, (hall fign his

Name

ExtraBs from the Penal Lass.	12^

Name or fet his Mark to every fuch Entry, and fhall pay for the fame to the Hay-weigher, ®ni*pay Clerk or Toll-gatherer of the Hay market, who the (hall keep fuch Book or Regifter as aforefaid, Rcgifcrtobe the Sum of id. and the faid Regifter may beinfpefted,on infpefted by any Perfon for an Halfpenny each; Pay>Dg and if the Seller Ihall not make and fign fuch Hal(PennJr* Entry in fuch Regifter, within the aforefaid limited Time, or refufe, to pay for the fame; or fhall caufe an untrue Account to be entered therein, of the Quantity or the Price at which the fame was really fold -, or of the Name and make fuoh Place of Abode of the Buyer; or if the Keeper Entry, ,&c. of the faid Regifter Ihall negledt to keep theor Sive in fame in the Mariner above defcribed, or refufe or delay to let any Entry be made therein, or weigher neg-to let the fame be examined atfeafonable Hours, lecting his6 or demand more for fuch Entry or Examination, Duty, forfeit than what is allowed, or Ihall knowingly fu6Fernot excee.di?'8 any falfe Entry to be made-, every fuch Offender t2h°s,|	*5

fhall forfeit any Sum not exceeding 20 s. nor lefs than 10 s.

Obs. The Intention of this Register was, to prevent the Seller and the Coachman from entering into a Confpiracy to cheat their refpeltive Employers ; if therefore the Farmer or the Gentleman are careful to examine this Regifter, and compare the Price therein mentioned with the Receipts and Ac-eompts produced by the Saleman or Coachman, the Fraud muft always be detested; and this Jhould be done as foon after the Purchafe of the Hay or Straw asp ffMe.

VII.	No Regifter to be made of Hay orNoRegirter Straw, fold in a lefs Quantity than four Truffes to be made

in

3

124	Extracts	from	the Penal Laws.

Deleft four in a Day to one Perfon, nor of any delivered ofi Troffes be Ipecial Contradt.

(old to one

Perfon in one Day, nor of any delivered on fpedal ContraQ.

Seales, VIII. Proper Scales and Weights, or Engines ^b^orovi*' ^or we'§hing Hay, to be provided by the Hay-dedbyie weighers and Clerks of the refpective Markets, Weighers and who are to be paid i s. per Load; and if lefs Clerks. Quantity than a Load, an Halfpenny per Trufs for weighing the fame in any fuch Haymarket, Fees payable an(j 2 per Load at any Place out of fuch Hay-thereof. 6 markct- Hay-weighers negledting their Duty herein, forfeit 20 s. and not lefs than ioj. Saleftnen, &c. IX. And by this Statute, no Salefman or employed to other Broker or Fadtor, who fhall be employed cStkfra1 t0 *3U)r or ^ any Sort of Cattle for others, by others, are Commiffion or for Reward to be paid or taken, not to bny (hall, by himfelf, or any Servant or Agent, and fell on directly or indirectly, on or for his own Ac-then own	count, buy any live Ox, Bull, Cow, Steer,

cconnt. Bullock, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Lamb or Swine in London, or within the Bills of Mortality or at any Place whilft any fuch Cattle lhall be on the Road, or be driving, bringing, or coming up to be fold, or offered to or for Sale, in London, or at any other Place within the Limits of the faid weekly Bills of Mortality (other than Exception, fuck Catde, which any fuch Salefman, Broker or Fadtor, lhall adtually purchafe for the necef-fary Ufe or Provifion of his Family, and lhall adtually ufe accordingly): And that no fuch Salefman, Broker or Factor, lhall fell or expofe, or offer to or for Sale, on his own Account, in London, or at any Place within the faid Bills of Mortality, either by himfelf or his Servant or

Agent,

liS

Extracts from the Eenal Laws.

Agent, any live Ox, Bull, Cow, Steer, Bullock, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Lamb or Swine; on Pain of forfeiting for every fuch Offence double the Value of any live Cattle which he fhall fo buy or fell, on his own Account, contrary to the Tenor of this Aft.

No Perfons to be convifted of any of the Limitation of before-mentioned Offences, unlefs Profecution Profecution. be commenced within three Days after the Offence complained of fhall have been committed.

CHAP. XXV.

ExtraBs from 20 Geo. 2. c. 10. relating to Rates and Duties upon Coaches and other Carriages.

FOR every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Duties upon Calalh with four Wheels, Chaife. Marine, Coaches and Chaife with four Wheels, and Caravan, kept °.thcr Car' by any Perfon for his own Ufe, or to be let out r'ages' to Hire (other than and except fuch Coaches Exception, and other Carriages as are licenled by the Com-miffioners for the Duties arifing by Hackney Coaches) the yearly fum of 4/.

II.	And for every Calafh, Chafe and Chair, with two Wheels, kept by any Perfon for his own Ufe, or to be let out to Hire, fhall be paid 40 s, yearly.

III.

126	ExtraBs	from	the	Venal	Lam.

No Perfon to HI. No Perfon fhall be obliged to pay the psy for more yearly Sum of 4 /. for more than five fuch cT'^ees! Carriages kept for his.or her own Ufe only; onle& they be but all Perfons, who (hall keep the fame for keptfor Hire, fupplying any Waiting Job by the Day, Week, Month, Quarter or any other Time, or other-wife to let out to Hire, (hall pay the faid yearly Sum of 4/. for each, though exceeding the Number of Five: and every fuch Perfon who (hall keep fuch Carriage with two Wheels to be let out for Hire, (hall pay the faid yearly Sum of 40 s. for each, tho’ exceeding the Number of Five.

Perfons keep- IV. Every Perfon who (hall have or keep mg Coaches, any fuc{j Coach or other Carriage, within the Notice 80,6 Bills of Mortality, (hall give Notice in Writing, thereof,	at the chief Office of Excife in London, within 20

Days after he (hall begin to keep fuch Coach or other Carriage, and elfewhere, to the next Office of Excife, of his keeping the fame, the Number, whether with two Wheels or four, and where he refides; and (hall pay down at the fame Time the refpective Rates and Duties fo impofed as and pay Duty, aforefaid for keeping the fame ;

V.	And every fuch Perfon (hall annually. Notice to be within 20 Days after the Expiration of 12 Ca-given and Jendar Months after the Time of giving fuch No-MnuaJipa'd r‘ce’ g've frefli Notice in Manner aforefaid, and pay down the Rates and Duties above-mentioned, on Pain of forfeiting 201.

Stage	VI.	This	Aft	extends	not	to	publick Stage-

Coaches. Coaches conftantly employed in carrying Paffen-gers for Hire, to and from different Places in this Kingdom, on certain Days in every Week

fixed

Extracts from the Penal Laws'.	12 7

fixed for that Purpofe, and not let out by Way of Bye-Job for a Day, or any longer Time;

VH. Nor to any Poft-Chaife kept for Hire and Poll.

by his Majefty’s Poft-Mafter General, or by t!la"cs

any Deputy Poft-Mafter, authorized by him eiemPte^

to keep fuch Poft-Chailes: But fuch Poft-

Ghaifes fliall, within 30 Days after letting out

the fame, be entered by the Owners at the next

Office of Excife and fhall (befides the King’s ‘ V 3I^es,

nP to be entered

.ArmsJ have luch figure or Mark or Diltincuon at the Excife fixed thereupon, as fhall be appointed by the Office, and faid Commiffioners for that Purpofe, on Pain of have a Mark, forfeiting 20/.

VIII.	Nor to Coaches kept for Sale; but no Coaches, &c.

fuch Carriage fliall, whilft in Poflfeffion of the kePc *or Sale, Coachmaker or other Perfon, be employed for tnotc“ be his own Ufe, or for the Ufe of any other Perfon, penaUy on (other than fuch whofe Carriage Ihall be then tiling or let-and there mendingj or be let out to Hire, on t!ng out fuch Pain of forfeiting 20 I.	Coache!- *e-

IX.	And the faid Commiffioners fliall raufe Coaches, &c. a Figure or Mark of Diftinttion to be fixed on 0jr°utt(|°arr every Carriage that fliall be fo let out to Hire : a fjt’ure'&Z And if any Perfon fliall let out to Hire any fuch ° Carriage without fuch Figure or Mark fixed thereon, or fliall take off the fame when fixed, Penalty 201, he fliall forfeit 201.

K

C H ‘A P.

128

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

Perfons ufing nnwholfoiae Mixtures in Bread.

Penalty.

CHAP. XXVI.

ExtraBs from 31 Geo. 2. c. 29. relative to Bakers and Bread.

I. T> Y this Statute it is enafted, That the I) feveral Sorts of Bread which (hall be made for Sale, or fold or expofed to or for Sale, in any Place or Places, (hall always be well made, and in their feveral and refpeftive Degrees, according to the Goodnefs of the feveral Sorts of Meal or Flq.ur, whereof the fame ought to be made; and that no Allum or Preparation or Mixture, in which Allum (hall be an Ingredient, or any other Mixture or Ingredient whatfoever, (except only the genuine Meal or Flour which ought to be put therein, and common Salt, pure Water, Eggs, Milk, Yeaft and Barm, or fuch Leaven as (hall at any Time be allowed to be put therein by the Court, or Perfon or Perfons who (hall, by virtue of this Aft, have fet an Affize of Bread, for the Place or Places where any fuch Leaven (hall be ufed) (hall be put into, or in any wife ufed in making Dough, or any Bread to be fold, as or for Leaven to ferment any Dough, or on'any other Account in the Trade or Myftery of making Bread, under any Colour or Pretence whatfoever > upon Pain that every Perfon (other than a Servant or Journeyman) knowingly offending in the Premifles, (hall forfeit 10/. and not lefs than 40 s. or be committed to the Houfe of Correction or other Prifon to hard Labour, not exceeding one Calendar Month, nor lefs than ten Days.

II.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	129

II.	Arid if any Servant or journeyman Bakef, Journeymen fliall knowingly offend in the Premiffes, he for- °“en“u’g-feits not exceeding 51 and not lefs than 20 s. Penalty.

or ihall be committed to hard Labour in like manner.

III.	And the Juftice of Peace, before whom Offender’s any fuch Offender (hall be convibted, may order

the Offender’s Name, Place of Abode and Of- e “ 1 e ’ fence, to be publifhed in fome News Paper.

IV.	And it is enabled, That no Peri'on (hall Mixtures in knowingly put into any Corn, Meal or Floury p[“).and which fhall be ground, dreffed, bolted or manu- * fabtufed for Sale, either at the Time of grinding, drefling, bolting, or in any wife manufacturing the fame, or at any other Time or Times*

any Ingredient, Mixture or Thing whatfoever; or fhall knowingly fell, offer or expofe to or for Sale, any Meal or Flour, of one Sort of Grain, as or for the Meal or Flour of any other Sort of Grain, or any Thing as or for, or mixed with the Meal or Flour of any Grain, which Ihall not be the real and genuine Meal or Flour of the Grain the fame fhall import to be, and ought to be •, on Pain of forfeiting not exceed- PenalV-ing 5 /. nor lefs than 40 s.

V.	And it is enabled, That no Perfon fhall ®rca<* knowingly put into any Bread which fliall be°frai^t^‘ made for Sale, any Mixture of Meal or Flour MeaI 0fany of any other Sort of Grain than of the Grain Sort of Grain, the fame (hall import to be, and fhall be allow- tire fame (hall ed to be made of, - in Purfuance of this Adt, or lmPort w Ihall put into any Bread which fhall be made for

Sale, any larger or other ‘ Proportion of any other or different Sort or Sorts of Grain, or the Meal or Flour thereof, than what fhall be appointed or allowed to be put therein by this K i	A&-,

i:o

^rra’ry.

i ead

ctri*:ier,c in

Weigh:.

Complaint to be made within the Bills of Mortality in ’4. Hours, and in three Day; elfe-where.

Bread to be marked.

Penalty.

Extracts from tie Penal Lams.

Aft; or any Mixture or Thing as for, or in Lieu of Flour, which (hall not rtally be the genuine flour the fame lhall import to be, and ought to be; upon Pain of foifeiting any Sum not exceeding 5 /. nor Id's than 20 s.

VI.	And it is enabled, That if any Perfon or Perfons who fhall make any Bread for Sale, or who fhall fend out or fell or expofe to or for Sale any Bread, deficient in Weight according to the Afiize it fhall be fet at, in Purfu-ance of this Aft, they fhail forfeit a Sum not exceeding 5 s. nor lefs than 1 s. for every Ounce of Bread which fhall at any Time be wanting in Weight; and if lefs than an Ounce is. 6 d. and not lefs than 6 d. as the Magiftrate fhall think fit and order.

VII.	Complaint to be made and the Bread weighed before the Juftice in 24 Hours after baking or felling the fame, in every City, Town Corporate, Borough, Liberty or Franchife, or the Junfdiction thereof, and within the Bills of Mortality', and within three Days in every other Place.

VIII.	And it is enabled, That every Perfon who fhall make for Sale, or fell, expofe or fend out, to or for Sale, any Sort of Bread whatfo-ever, fhall caufe the Roman Letters, a W. for every’ Loaf of Wheaten, and an H. for every Leaf of Houfhold Bread, to be fairly marked or imprinted thereon, except as to fuch Loaves which fhall be rafped after the befpeaking or purchafing thereof, by the particular Defire of the Purchafer-, on Pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding 40 s. nor lefs than 10 s.

IX.

Ext raffs from the Penal Laws. *	j	3	i

IX.	No Baker or other Perfon or Perfons Nrfon? r0,ru-/liall nlk, demand or take, for any Bread, any j;T :o lc!1 higher Price than fuch Bread (lull be afeertained rca

to be fold for, or fhail refufe or decline ro fell any fuch Bread, having more in his PolieiLon than is immediately neceflary for his o - n life and his Cu/lomers, they /hall forfeit so s. and nor Ids than i o s.

X.	And it is likewife enabled, That no Pevion B .-id cfan fnail fell, or oiler to Saie, any Bread of an in- >v ye3" ferior Quality to Wheatcn Bread, at a higher

Price than Houfhold-Bread fhnll be fet at by the fgjj^Vh^h-Aflize, on Pain of fufeiting 20.f. for each e- P.ic;. than Offence.	HtnifhoM.

XL And it is likewife enabled, That every Unlawful Miller, Mealman, Baker or Seller of Bread, Mgredients in whofe Houfe, Mil!, Shop, Bakeboufe, Stall,	f

Bolting-houfe, Paltry, Warehoufe, Out-houfe, fokeis',0" ° or Polfeffion, any Mixture or Ingredient, fhail Millers, &-c. be found, which (hall be adjudged by any Ma-giftrate or Magitlrates, Juftice or Juftices, to have been lodged there with an Intent to have adulterated the Purity of Meal, Flour or Bread, lhall, on Conviflion, forfeit a Sum not exceeding 10/. nor Iefs than 4.0 r. and Part of the Penalty. Forfeiture may be applied in pubiilhing the offender’s Offender’s Name, Place of Abode, and the Name. &c to Offence.	bc PuN‘ft1£d-

XII.	And Perfons obftructing or oppofing any ^er^?j0.

Search or Seizure, forfeits .not exceeding 5/. nor	be

iefs than 40^.	made.

Penalty.

XIII.	journeymen, who by their Negleft or Mailers con-

Default are proved to be the Cattle of their v]Scd by Mailer or Miftrefs’s being convibted of any	°ien

the above Offences, are liable to pay fuch Sum 1

K 3	or

I3»

Extracts from the Venal Laws,

or Sums of Money the Juftices of Peace lhall direft, by Way of Recompence, or to be committed.

The Weight Obs. 'The Weight of Wbeaten Bread is as fol-of Bread. lines, viz. a Quartern Loaf Jhould weigh 4 lb.

5	oz. -I the Half-Back 8 lb. 11 oz. a Peck 1-jib. 6oz.

Weights and XIV. And by another Aft made in the 31ft Meafures to Qe0_ 2. it is enafted, That all Weights and f' ai1h Meafures made Ufe of by Perfons dealing by proper * 6 Weight or Meafure, within the faid City and Officer. Liberty, fhall be figned and fealed by the Standards belonging to the faid City, and alfo marked with a Port-cullis by the Officer appointed for that Purpofe, for which the faid ha. Officer ffiall demand the Fees following, and no more : That is to fay, For every Buffiel, 4 d. for every Flalf-Buthel, 2 d. for every Peck, Half-Peck, and Quarter-Peck, 1 d. for all Half-Pecks and Quarter-Pecks per Dozen, 10 d. for every Sack, 2 d. for every Ale and Beer Meafure, One Farthing-, for every Hundred Weight, 4 d. for every Half Hundred Weight, 2 d. for all Pound Weights under Half a Hundred Weight, one Halfpenny •, for all Ounce Weights and other Weights under a Pound, one Farthing.

Annoyance XV. And the Annoyance Jury may deftroy Jury to de- all Weights and Meafures belonging to Perfons ftroydefefiive dealing by Weight or Meafure, and amerce the Meafires ^ Owner or Perfon, in whofe Poffeffion the fame and may ’	ffiall be found, in any Sum of Money not ex-

arnerce the ceeding 40 s. for any one Offence.

Offenders. Obs. As this laft-mentioned Claufe gives a Power to the Annoyance fury to feize and deftroy

*33

Extrafts from the Penal Laws.

defective Weights and Meafures, their frequent vi-fiting the Markets in the City and Liberty of Weft-minfter, whereHuckfiers and other Perfotts are very apt to make Ufe not only of Jhort Weights and defective Meafures, but of Meafures that have really no Name; it would be of infinite Service to the Poor who buy Commodities to retail for the Support of their Families. See alfo Appendix on the Subject <f Bread.

CHAP. XXVII.

Ext rafts from 8 & 9 W. c. 37. and the 2 W. f. 2. c. 8, relating to the Jweeping and cleaning the Streets.

THE 8 and 9 IV. c. 37. enacts, That all Perfons inha-and every Perl'on and Perfons inhabiting bning withml in the Pariflies of Middlefex and Wefiminfier, and Mortaliiy°&c. in the Liberties thereof, and in the Borough of t0 caufe’the Southwark, or in any of the Streets and Lanes Streets to be or Alleys comprifed within the weekly Bills of^P1 twice Mortality, and the Town of Kenfmgton, flialla 'ee*c' twice in every Week, (that is to lay) on every Wednefday and Saturday at the lead, between the Hours of fix and nine in the Foreooon, fweep and cleanfe, or caufe to be fwept or cleanfed, all the Streets, Lanes, Alleys and public Places before their refpedtive Houfes, Buildings and Wails, and the Buildings and Walls of Churches and other public Places, to the End the Dirt and Soil in the laid Streets may be heaped ready for the IC 4	Scavenge?

H4

C'tnrcb-w .riiens, &c. liable.

Scavengers, ice. to carry

sway ail Dirt, &c. daily.

Extracts from the Penal Laws'. Scavenger to carry away, upon Pain to forfeit 10 j. for every Offence, f. i.

And the 2 IV. f 2. c. P. enafts, That the reSpeCtive Church-wardens, and the Houfe-kecpers, and other Keepers of Whitehall, Somer-fet Louie. St. James's Houfe, and St. James's Park, and the Guard Houfes and Stables near it, and orfler their Majefties Houles; and the Ufliers, Porter:., or Keepers of Courts of Juftice, and ail other pu'okck or other Houfes and Places re-Ipecrively, fhall be liable to, and fulfer the Penalty of 3 a. 4 d. ror every the before-mentioned Offence or Neglect before fuch Churches or Places, f. 3.

Thar the Rakers, Scavengers, or other Officers thereunto appointed, every Day in the ’ Week except Sundays and other Holydays, fhall bring or cattle to be brought Carts, Dung-Pots, and other fitting Carriages into all their refpedtive Pariffie's, Limits, Precincts, Streets, Charges and Diviftons, where fuch Carts and Carriages can pafs; and at, or before their Approach, by a Beil, Horn or Clapper, or otherwife, fhall make a diftinct and loud Noife, and give Notice to the Inhabitants thereof of their coming, and make the like Noife, and give the like Notice in every Court, Alley or Place, unto which the faid Carts cannot pafs, and abide and flay there a convenient Time, in fuch Sort that all Perfons concerned may bring forth their refpective Dull, Dirt, Affies, Filth and Soil to the refpedtive Carts and Carriages fo ftaying as aforefaid •, all which the faid Rakers, Scavengers, or other Of-' Beers aforefaid fhall daily carry or caufe to be carried away, upon Pain to forfeit 40s. for every

fuch

Extra Sis jrotn the Penal Lava.

fuch Offence or Negleft refpe&ively. f. 5. See

appendix relative to Pavements.

CHAP. XXVIII.

Extracts from the 43 Eliz. c. 7.	15 Cf,a.

c. 'c. 2.	6	Geo.	1. c. 16. and 9 Geo. 1.

c. 22. relative to robbing of Orchards, cutting down 1‘rees, Sic.

.	_ - growing

growing, or rob any Or- Com,

or break or cut any Hedge, ... „

. nr dia null n, nt robblRg 0r'

I. T) Y the faid Statute of the 43 Eliz. it is Fcrfons cut-1J enafted, That all and every Perfon and.""?and PerfonS, who fliall cut or unlawfully take away (ta m“ a*vajr any Corn or Grain chards or Gardens,

Pales, Rails' or Fence, or dig, pull up or take chard'sfbrcak-up, any Fruit Tree or Trees, in any Orchard, ing down Garden or elfewhere, to the Intent to take and Fences, decarry away the fame, or fhall cut or lpoil any F™)’lrig Fruit Woods or Underwoods, Pales or Trees Handing, curthcns’ or not being Felony by the Laws of this Realm ; fpoiiing and their Procurer and Procurers, Receiver or Woods and Receivers, knowing the fame, fhall, on being Underwoods, convidled before any one Juftice of the Peace, be obliged to make Recompence to the Party to makeSatif-injured, which if not in their Power, to be whipt Faftion, or to by the Conftable where the Juftice fliall diretft-,be bF and if the faid Conftable or other Peace Officer, °n a e’ fliall refufe or negleft to whip, or caufe the faid Conlhble re-OfFender to be whipt, he fliall be committed till Fufir.g to whip he comply : The Offender for the firft Offence Pftsnder>t0 only, to be allowed to make Recompence; but l,e C^”^lttcc1' for every fubfequent Offence, to be whipt when flr ence‘

and where the faid Juftice fliall direft.	Second

jj Offence.]

*36

Extracts from the Pena! Laws'.

II. And by the Statute of the 15 Cha. 2. it is enacted, That every Conftable, Head-borough, or any other Perfon, in every County, City, Town Corporate, or other Place, where they Iball be Officers or Inhabitants, fhall and may by Virtue of this Act have full Power and Unlawfully Authority to apprehend, or caufe to be appre-canying away hended, all and every Perfon or Perfons they or having m fufpect, having or carrying, or any way3 Wo^Un-^ conve>'lng> any Burthen or Bundles of any kind derwooa, &c. Wood, Underwood, Poles or Young Trees, or Bark or Baft of any Trees, or any Gates, Stiles, Polls, Pails, Rails or Hedge-wood, Broom or Furze; And by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one Juftice of the Peace, Houfe of directed to any Officer, fuch Officer lhall have fnfpefled Power to enter into and fearch the Houfes, Out-Perfons to houfes. Yards, Gardens or other Places, be-befearcbed. longing to the Houfes of all and every Perfon or Perfons they fhall fufpeft to have any kind of Wood, Underwoods, Poles or Young Trees, Hi. as aforefaid. And wherefoever they find any fuch, to apprehend and caufe to be apprehended all and every Perfon or Perfons fufpefted for the cutting and taking of the fame, and them and every of them, as well thole apprehended carrying or any Ways conveying any kind of Wood as aforefaid; as alfo thofe in whofe Houfes or other Places belonging to them, any fuch Wood of any kind lhall be found, to carry before lome Juftice of the Peace ; and if the laid Perlon or Perfons do not then and there give a good Account how they came by fuch Woods, (3c. by producing the Owner, the Perfon that fold the fame, or fome credible Witnefs, to prove the laid Sale, that then the faid Perfon or

Perfons

*37

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Perfons, fo fufpefted, fhall be deemed and adr judged convided of the, faid Offence of cutting and fpoiling of the fame Woods, Underwoods,

Poles or Young Trees, or Bark or Baft of Trees,

Gates, Stiles, Pofts, Pales, Rails, or Hedge Wood, Broom or Furze, within the above Statute of the 43 E/iz. and fhall be liable to the Punifhment therein contained, and over and above pay down prefently unto the Overfeers for the Ufe of the Poor of the Parifh, fuch Sum of Money not exceeding 10 s. as the Juftice fhall think meet: And in cafe of Negleft, the faid Juftice fhall commit the Offender to the Houie of Correction for fuch Time as he (hall think fit, not exceeding one Month, or caufe him to be whipt by the Conftable; and for a fecond Offence to be committed for one Month to hard Labour, and for the third Offence to be jhfrjCe' deemed incorrigible Rogues.	Offence.

III.	And it is further enabled, That whofo- perfons buy-ever fhall buy any Burthens of Wood, or any ing Poles or Poles or Sticks of Wood, or any other theStlck5 of Premiffes particularly mentioned in this Aft, VVooii>&c-and it fhould appear to any Juftice of Peace, before whom fuch Matter (hall be enquired into on Oath, that the fame was bought of a Perfon who might juftly be fufpected to have ftolen or unlawfully come by the fame, and that the fame was ftolen or unlawfully come by : In fuch Cafe, the faid Juftice fhall award the Party who boughtt0 P’Jtreb,e the fame, to pay treble the Value of the fame |j|*	10

to the Party from whom the fame was ftolen or injured; unlawfully taken; and in Default of prefent Payment thereof, to iffue his Warrant to levy t0 be levied the fame by Diftrefs, and in Default of fuch by Diitrefi. Diftrels, to commit the Party to Gaol at his own

Charge,

138	ExtraSis from the Penal Laws'.

Profecuiion to Charge, there to remain one Month without Bail, bo within fix The Profecution for the above Offences to be ‘ within fix Months.

IV.	And by the 6 Geo. r. c. 16. it is enafted. That if any Perfon or Perfons, in a riotous, open, tumultuous, or in a fecret and clandeftine Manner, forcibly, or wrongfully and mallcioufly, and without the Confent of the Proprietor, "Wccd-Reeve, Wood-Keeper, or Perfons chiefly intruded with the Care,' Overfight and Cuftody

aoafiv catting ^

down, d:

arr

Wood', Wood Grounds, Parks,- Chafes,

firoyir.g, d;- Coppices or Plantations, Iball cut down, dertroy, facing\Vcois, break, bark, throw down, burn, take, deface, Indorwoods, {poll or carry away, any Wood or Springs of i.-ccs, c. Wok]i Under-Wood or Coppiics-Wood, or fhall in fuch a riotous, forcible, tumultuous, fecret or clandeftine Manner as -aforefaid, maticioufly break open, throw down, level or deftrov, any Hedges, Gates, Ports, Stiles, Rails, Fences, Ditches, Banks or Inclofures, of fuch Woods, Wood-Grounds, Coppices, Plantations, Timber-Trees, Fruit-Trees, or other Trees, Thorns or Quickiets. that then it (hail and may be lawful to and for arry two Juftices of the Peace or the Juftices in open Seflions, upon Complaint to them made, to hear and determine all and every the Offences aforefaid ; and on Conviction of the Offenders to inflidt the Punifnments preferibed by the 1 Geo. 1. c, 48. viz. to be committed to the Moufe of Corrcftion to hard Labour for three Months, without Bail or Mainprize •, or where there is no Houfe of Correction, to the common Gaol for four Months, and to be pub-lickly whipt once in every Month for fuch three Months, in fome Market Town next where the Houfe of Correction Hands; and where there

is

liable to the Pi Gillies kri bv 1 Geo. i.ih:. 2.C.4S.

Ext rafts from the Penal Laws. is no Houfe of Corredion, to be whipt once A Month for fuch four Months by the Hands of the common Hangman, in fome Market Town near the Place where the Offence is committed ; and before the faid Offenders final! be difcharged, he, (lie and they fhali find fufficient Sureties for his, her or their good Behaviour, for the Space of two Years then next enfuing.

V. And by the 9 Geo. 1. r. 22. it is made Ca- Pcrfonsde-’ pital for any Perfon, whether in Difguife or not, ftroyingTrees who /hall unlawfully or jmalicioufly cut down, Plailted in or otherwife deftroy any Trees planted in any Gardemor Avenue, or growing in any Garden, Orchard Plantations, or Plantation, for Ornament, Shelter, or Profit, guilty of

For robbing of Gardens, cutting of Wood, £s?c. Felony.

See Appendix on that Subject.

CHAP. XXIX.

Ext rafts from 20 Geo. 2. c. 19. for the better adjujling and more eafy Recovery of the Wages of certain Servants, and for the better Regulation of fuch Servants.

I. '"jp HIS Ad enads, That all Complaints, Diffidences I Differences and Difputes, which fliall between happen or arife between Mailers or Miftreflesg^™*^^ and Servants in Hufbandry, who fhali be hired determined by for one Year or longer, or which fliall happen one juffice, or arife between Mailers and Miftrelies, and Artificers, Handicraftfmen, Miners, Colliers,

Keelmen, Pitmen, Glafsmen, Potters, and other Labourers employed for any certain Time,

or

140

who may make Order for Payment of Wages, anderacer. tain Sum,

and levy the fame by Diflrds and Sale.

Joftice3 may hear Malters Complaints, and ponilh Offenders by Commitment, Abatement of Wages, or Difmiffion,

and may hear

Servants

Complaints,

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

or in any other manner, Ihall be heard and determined by one or more Juftices of the Peace, who may examine upon Oath any fuch Servant, Artificer, £sV. or any other Witnefs, touching any fuch Complaint, Difference or Difpute, and make fuch Order for Payment of fo much Wages to fuch Servant, Artificer, iSc. as Ihall feem juft and reafonable, provided that the Sum in Queftion do not exceed 10/. with Regard to any Servant, nor 5/. with Regard to any Artificer, Handicraftman, l£c. and in cafe of Re-fufal or Non-Payment of any Sums fo ordered, by the Space of 21 Days after fuch Determina* tion, fuch Juftice may levy the fame by Diftrefs and Sale.

II.	That fuch Juftice, upon Application or Complaint made upon Oath by any Mafter or Miftrefs or Employer, againft fuch Servant, Artificer, Handicraftfmen, Miner, Collier, Keel-man, Pitman, Glafsman, Potter or Labourer, touching or concerning any Mifdemeanor, Mif-carriage or ill-Behaviour, in fuch his or her Service or Employment, may hear, exatpine and determine the fame, and punifh the Offender by Commitment to the Houfe of Correction, there to remain and be correfted and held to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month, or otherwife by abating fome Part of his or her Wages, or by difcharging fueh Servant, Artificer, Qc. from his or her Service or Employment.

III.	And in like manner, fuch Juftice, upon Complaint or Information upon Oath, by any fuch Servant, Artificer, Handicraftfman, Miner, Collier, Keelman, Pitman, Glafsman, Potter, or other Labourer, againft fuch Mafter, Miftrefs,

OS.

ExtraSls from the Penal Laws.	141

or Employer, touching or concerning any Mif-ufage, Refufal of necefiary Provifion, Cruelty, or other ill Treatment of, to or towards fuch Servant, Artificer, f:Jc. may fumnion fuch Maf- fummon ter, Miftrefs or Employer, to appear before Mailers, him, and may examine into the Matter of fuch Complaint, whether fuch Matter, Miftrefs or Employer lhall appear or not; and upon Proof thereof made, may difcharge fuch Servant, Ar- and difcharge tificer, fcfc.	Servan!s-

Obs. If infiead of Servants in Hujbandry as above-mentioned, it had been /aid Servants in general, it would have extended that Law to all do-meftic Servants whatever, and have fubjebled them as well as their Mafiers and Mijlrejfes, to have their Mifcondubl and Mijbehaviour, and Difputes about IVages, &c. to be enquired into by Ma-giftrates. The Body of domeftic Servants is very large, and at prefent without any Regulation •, but it is apprehended, that if a Regifter-Ojfice, founded on the fame Principles, and executed by the fame Methods as that in the Strand, fo long carried on by Mr. Fielding and Co. were to be under Servants i> Parliamentary Sanction, to have all Imitators fup- general. preffed, to be executed by Commiffioners, and the Profits arifing to go to the Government, it would be a great Bleffmg to Mankind; as it would open a fair Channel for Preferment for every faithful, induftrious and diligent Servant, and would effectually prevent diffolute Servants from Admijfion into quiet worthy Fami lies.

One great Caufe of Difputes between Servants and their Mafters or MiJlreJJes, is, the latter hiring the former, and engaging to give them a Month’s Warning, or a Month's Wages; this is a manifefi Difadvantage to both Parlies, is attended with 2	very

i42

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

very evil Conferences, and often the Occajion of Servants having unjufi Characters.

idly. When Servants leave their Places, the Property of their Livery frequently begets very dif-agreedble Difputes, from the miftaken Opinion that a Servant's having wore his Uvay a Tear intitles bim to it: Indeed it is the Cujlcm of mojl Families to give their Servants the Old Livery, when they flay long enough to have New; but this is the Majler's Pleafure, not the Servant's Right, unlefs the Servant make it a Part of his Agreement when he hires bimfelf; a Servant carrying away his Livery without Confent of his Mafter or Miftrefs, is liable to an Action, and if he pawn, fell, or unlawfully difpofe of any Part of the fame, be fubjeCls bimfelf to be taken up by a Warrant, to be carried before a JuJlice of Peace, to pay a Penalty of 20 s. or to be committed to Bridewell for fourteen Days, and to be publickly whipt.

Lafily, Moft of the Inconveniencits arifing in Families from the MifeonduCl of Servants, are owing to the partial and unjufi Characters given of them by their Mafters or Mifireffes, either from falfe good Nature, or undeferved Refentment; and as it is the bigbeft Injujlice to fay lefs of good Servants than they merit, it is the greateft Cruelty to fay more in Favour of bad ones than they ought; and it is a Rule never to be broke, not to take the Character of any Servant but from the Perjon whom they ferved laft, if that can be had, and that by Word of Mouth if poffible, as written Char alters are an Inlet to Impojition.

And here I cannot avoid taking Notice, that among the various Infiances of domefiic Reformations, which we have lately experienced in this Kingdom, none gives me fo ferfible a Pleafure as

the

Extrabis from the Penal Laws.

the great Scarcity of French Cooks, French Valet de Chambres, and French Milliners, new to be met with in the Engliih Families of Rank and Fortune, and as they firft obtained a Footing here by their Artifice and our own Caprice, I hope that they have now loft it from a Conviction for ever to be eftablijhed in the Minds of our Ladies and Gentlemen, that the Englifh Cook can drefs Ragouts, the Englifh Valet deChambre can drefs Hair, and the Englifh Milliner drefs Caps better than any French Man or Woman whatever. T,be Mixture of Foreign Servants, with the Englifh never fails to beget Jealouftes, Quarrels and Difturbances in the Families where they ’ live for as the former are too often beheld by the Mafter or Miftrefs with a partial Eye, they confe-quently enjoy a greater Share of their Confidence, which they frequently abufe by making them dift'atisfied with tRe Behaviour of their own faithful Countrymen. Indeed I have now and then heard a Jemmy Gentleman fay, that no Englifhman could drefs Hair in Fafte-, but when he recoUeCls that Hair was never more wore and better drefs’d than at prefent, and that chiefly by Englifhmen too, he may perhaps allow himfelftobe in the Wrong for once; and it is clear to Demonftration to every impartial Mind that there ■ cannot be a Conveniency that ought to be expected from a Servant, but what may be certainly found among thofe who are born and brought up in Great-Britain; The immenfe Confujion that has arofe in ■ the Families of Merchants and other Gentlemen who have EJtales in the Weft-Indies, from the great Number of Negro Slaves they have brought into °	'

this Kingdom, alfo deferves the moft ferious Attention •, many of thefe Gentlemen have either at a vaft Expence caufed feme of thefe Blacks to be in-L	JlruCfcd

143

144-

ExtraEls from the Penal Laws, firucled in the necejfary Qualifications of a domefiic Servant, or elfe have fur chafed them after they have been injlntSed \ they thin bring them to England as cheap Servants, having no Right to Wages -, they no fooner arrive here, than they put tbemfelves on a Footing with other Servants, become intoxicated with Liberty, grow refradory, and cither by Perfuafton of others, or from their own Inclinations, begin to expeCl Wages according to their own Opinion of their Merits; and as there are already a great Number of black Men and Women who have made tbemfelves fa troublefome and dangerous to the Families who brought them over as to get tbemfelves difcharged tbefe enter into Societies, and make it their Bufinefs to corrupt and dijfatisfy the Mind of emery frejb black. Servant that comes to England; firft, by getting them cbriftened or married, which they inform them makes them free, (tbo’ it has beat adjudged by our mojl able Lawyers, that neither of tbefe Cir-cumfiances alter the Majler's Property in a Slave.) However it fo far anfwers their Purpofe, that it gets the Mob on their Side, and makes it not only difficult but dangerous to the Proprietor of tbefe Slaves to recover the Poffeffwn of them, when once they are jpirited away, and indeed it is the lefs Evil of the two, to let them go about their Bufi-r.efs, for there is great Reafon to fear that thofe Blacks who have been fent back to the Plantations, after they have lived fome Stime in a Country of Liberty, where they have learnt to write and read, been acquainted with the Ufe, and entrufied with the Care of Arms, have been the Occafion of thofe Infurrcclions that have lately caufcd and threatened jncb Mifchiefs and Dangers to the Inhabitants of, and Planters in the IJlands in the Weft-Indies;

< it

*45

Extracts from the Venal Lancs, it is therefore to be hoped that thefe Gentlemen mil be extremely cautious for the future, how they bring Blacks to England, for befides that they are defeated in the Ends that they propofe by it, it is a Species of Inhumanity to the Blacks themfelves, who while they continue Abroad in a Degree of Ignorance fo neceffary to render a State of Slavery fuppartable, are in fame Meafure contented with their Condition, and cbearfully fubmit to thofe fevers Lwas which the Government of fuch Perfons makes neceffary; but they no fooner come over, but the Sweets of Liberty and the Converfafm with free Men and Chriftians, enlarge their Minds, and enable them too foon to form fuch Comparifons of the different Situations, as only ferve when they are fent back again to imbitter their State of Slavery, to make them rejllefs, prompt to conceive, and alert to execute the blackeft Confpiracies againft their Governors and Majlers.	Magif rates are fre-

quently applied to, to caufe fuch Negroes as run away to be apprehended, this is a Miftake, for Ju-Jlices have nothing to do with Blacks but when they offend againft the Law, by the commiffion of Fraud, Felony or Breach of the Peace.

L 2

C H A P.

146

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

CHAP. XXX.

ExtraBs from 7 Geo. 1. flat. 1. c. 1 for regulating the Journeymen Taylors within. Toe Weekly Bills of Mortality.

Ccmtrefls be-1. r"jp HIS Act enafts, That all Contrails, eween Jour- | Covenants or Agreements, in Writing, adrando” or noc Writing, ma^e or entered into by or be-their waaes, tween any Perfons brought up in, or profelling, or leffenir.g ufmg or exercifing the Art or Myltery of a the Hoars of Taylor, or Journeyman Taylor, in making up dared’vold Mens or Womens Work, within the Cities of and illegal. London or Weftminjler, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, for advancing their Wages or lefien-ing their ufual Hours of Work, are hereby declared to be illegal, null and void, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever; and thofe who lhall Taylors en- keep up, continue, ait in, make, enter into, temg into	flgn, feal, or be knowingly interefled or con-

mentsA*tobe cernei* 'n anY fuch Contraft, Covenant or committed for Agreement, and being convicted thereof on the two Months. Oath of one Witnefs, before two Juftices, lhall be committed to the Houfe of Correction to hard Labour, or to the common Gaol, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding two Months.

Honrs of II. That the Hours of Work of all Journey-Work. men Taylors, (Ac. lhall be from Six o’Clock in the Morning till Eight o’Clock at Night.

Wages, Src. III. The Wages of Journeymen Taylors, &c.

vary, as they are fettled by the Quarter-Seffions; who have alfo a Power of altering the Hours of Wirk -, and the Rates and Alterations made at

fucb

4

>47

Extracts from the Penal Laws, fuch Quarter-Seffions are to be obferved by Taylors and Journeymen, on Pain of two Months Imprifon-ntent. Projection to be within fix Days.

[V. The Wages of Journeymen Taylors, 13c. Wages, how may be recovered by Diltrefs and Sale, on ma-!0 be king Complaint before two Jultices.	.	rccovere<1-

V.	That if any Perfori rerained or employed Journeymen as a Journeyman Taylor or Servant, in the Arc Sparring or Myftery of a Taylor, lhall depart from hisjLTvicc before Service before the End of the Term or Time t},e jjikj of for which lie is or (hall be hired or retained, or the Term, or till the Work for which he is hired or retained,'be Work lhall be finiflicd ; or not being retained or em- fmi(I’ed>

. ployed, lhall refufe to enter into Work or Em-or refilling to ployment, (after Requelt made for that Purpofe “,er mt0 by any Mafter-Taylorfor the Wages and Hours Vor 1 limited, or to be limited and appointed, as aforefaid) unlefs it be for fome reafonable or fuf-ficient Caufe to be allowed by two Juftic.es, lhall be fent to the Houle of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time, not exceeding two Months.

VI.	That if any Mafter-Taylor, or other Taylors Perfon profeffing, tiling or exercifing the Ant ora|l°™"2^ Myftery of a Taylor as aforefaid, wilhii:- ^*|e”o their Limits aforefaid, lhali give, allow or pay any Journeymen, more or greater Wages than as aforefaid, for the Hours of Work aforefaid, to any Servant or Journeyman in Money or otherwife, and being thereof convifted upon any Profecution commenced within fix Months after the Offence committed, lhall forfeit and pay the Sum of 5/. forfeit 51.

And every fuch Servant or Journeyman, taking Journeymen more or greater Wages than as aforefaid, for wbing the Hours of Work as aforefaid, and being thereof convicted as aforefaid, lhall be fent to L 3	the

i4-8

Hoafe of Cone&ion.

Extracts from the Penal Laws. the Houfe of Correction, and there kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Months: And a!! Retainers, Promues, Obligations or Securities, for any Wages, Pay or Allowances, contrary to this A£t lhall be null and void.

Oes. Tbe Mafter Taylors in this Metropolis have repeatedly endeavoured to break and fupprefs tbe Combinations of their Journeymen to raije their Wages and leffen their Hours of Work, but have ever been defeated, notwilbftanding the excellent Provifton of the above Statute; and this has been in fame Meafure owing to tbe Infidelity of the Mafters themfelves to each other; feme of whom, taking the Advantage of tbe Confufton, have collected together fome of the ableft of tbe Journeymen, whofe exorbitant Demands they have complied with, while many other Mafters have bad a total Stop put to their Buftnefs, becaufe they world not be guilty of a Breach of fo neceffary a Law ; but the fuccefs of the Journeymen in thefe Difputes, and the Submiftion of their Mafters, is chiefly owing to tbe Cuftom the Mafters now have got of charging extra Wages in their Bills, by which Meaxs they relieve themfelves, and the Impofttion is thro wn entirely on tbe Public, who can alone redrefs it, by throwing it back again upon the Mafter Taylor.* for whofe Benefit and Security tbe Legiflature has taken fucb Pains as leaves him without Room for Complaint For ether Matters, fee Appendix, under Title ‘ Taylors.’

CHAP.

Extracts from the Penal Lairs.

149

CHAP. XXXI.

BxtraBsJrom 30 Geo. 2. c. 24. g Geo. r. c. 22.	27	Geo.	2.	c.	1y. relative to

Frauds and Fhreatmng Letters.

I.	y H E firft Aft enafts. That all Perfons Obtaining 1 who knowingly and defignedly, by falfe Money or Pretences, lhall obtain from any Perfon Money,

Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, with Intent to cheat or defraud any Perfon of the fame, lhall be deemed Offenders againft Law and the public Peace; and the Court before whom fuch Offender fliall be tried and convifted, lhall order fuch Offender to be fined and imprifoned, or to be put in the Pillory, or publickly whipped, or to be tranfported.

II.	And that all Perfons who lhall knowingly Sending fend or deliver any Letter or Writing, with ortl,re3tninS without a Name or Names, fubfcribed thereto,Lelters-or figned with a'fiftitious Name or Names,

Letter or Letters, threatning to accufe any Perfon of any Crime punilhable by Law with Death, Tranfportation, Pillory or any other infamous Punifhment, with a View or Intent to extort or gain Money, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes from the Perfon fo threatned to be accuied,

lhall be deemed Offenders as above and ftijfer the fame PuniJIment.

III.	By 9 Geo. 1. c. 22. All Perfons who Perfons con-Ihall knowingly fend any Letter, without any of Name fubfcribed thereto, or figned with a (ifti- xh,-cafnitig tious Name, demanding Money, Venilbn or Lexers, or of

L 4	other

I'O	ExtraSls from the Penal Laws'.

rrfcning Per- other valuable Thing •, or fhall refcue any Perfon fonsrn Cufto- ;n ]awfui Cuftody for fuch Offence-, or fhall by Offences to Gift or Promife of Money, or other Reward, fuffer death, procure any of his Majefty’s Subjects to join him or them in any fuch unlawful Act, fhall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fhall fuffer Death as in Cafes of Feiony without Benefit of Clergy.

IV.	By 27 Geo. 2. c. 15. If any Perfon fhall knowingly fend any Letter without a Name fub-lcribed thereto, or v.ith a fictitious Name, Letter or Letters, threatning to kill or murder any of his Majefty’s Subjects, or to burn their Houfes, Out-houfes, Barns, Stacks of Corn or Grain, Hay or Straw, though no Money or Venifon or other valuable Thing (hall be demanded, in or by fuch Letter, or (hall forcibly refcue any Perlon being lawfully in Cuftody of any Officer or other Perfon for the faid Offence, (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and (hall fuffer Death as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy-

Os s. 1. As by the above Statute for the Pu-mjbment of Frauds, the Magiftrate has Power to. bind over the Party injured to profecute, Tradefmen and Shopkeepers cannot be too exabi in their Dealings with Strangers, or too mindful of what paffes at the Time of their giving fucb Credit, as it is thefe Cir-cumftances which make the Difference between a Fraud and a Debt. They Jhould alfo be very careful whom they Trull, efpecially on Paper Credit, as Sharpers have lately got a Method of producing pro-rniffory Notes and Bills of Exchange, made upoii Cheques to give them an Air of Importance; let the Journeymen and Apprentices of Tradefmen read the Tricks of Sharpers, puhlilbed in this Book. p. .

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

Obs. 2. If Letters put into the Receivir.g-Houfes belonging to the Penny-Poft were to be marked on the Outfide not only with the Name of the Perfon keeping fitch Receiving-Houfe, but with the Name of the Street in which fitch Receiving-Houfe is fituated, it would often be the Means of tracing many of the above-mentioned Letters to their Author.

CHAP. XXXII.

ExtraBs relating to the jlealing or dcjlroying ‘Turnips.

THE 23 Geo. 2. c.26. crafts. That if any^“^“j_ X Perfon fhall deal and take away, or malici-jDg0rjeftroy. pully pull up and deftroy any Turnips growing oring Turnips being in any Lands or Grounds belonging to any growing in Perfon, and (hall be thereof convicted before one Flvate Juftice of the Peace, either by Confeffion of the roun s* Party offending, or by the Oath of one or more Perfons; every Perfon fo offending (hall for the firft Offence give and pay to the Owner of the Turnips fo ftolen, pulled up or deftroyed, full Satisfaction for his or their Damage thereby fuf-tained, and within fuch Time as the faid Juftice fhall appoint; and fliall over and above pay down upon fuch Conviction unto the Overfeers of the Parifh where the Offence was committed, for the Ufe of the Poor, any Sum not exceeding 1 or. And if fuch Offender fhall not make fuch Recompence or Satisfaction to the Owner, and pay fuch Sum to the Ufe of the Poor, then

fuch

152

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws. fuch Juftice may commit the Offender to the Houfe of Correction for any Spare not exceeding one Month, or may Order fuch Offender to be whipt by the Conftable; and for a fecond Offence fhall be committed for three Months. Limitation of Profecution to commence within 30 Days 3f-ProfecucoD. ter offence committed.

CHAP. XXXIII.

ExtraBs from 16 Geo. 2. c. 8.	17	Geo. 2.

c. 17.	24.	Geo.	2. c. 40.	30	Geo.	2.

c. 19.	28	Geo.	2. c. 19. relative to the

felling of Wine, Ale, Beer and Spirituous Liquors.

None to retail I, T F any Perfon or Perfons fliall prefume or if^orTwith I offer to retail any Sort of Spirituous Li-onta Licence.4uors without taking out a Licence and renewing the fame yearly, he, fhe or they fhall reflectively forfeit the Sum of 10 /. for each Offence; and in cafe of Refufal or NegleCt of Payment, the Juftice before whom convicted, may commit fuch Offender to the Houfe of Correction to hard Labour‘for two Months, and not to be difeharged till the faid Sum of 10/. fhall be paid, or till the full Expiration of the faid two Months.	.A

Offenders to	JJ. And by. 17 Geo. 2. c. 17. The Juftice

biforedif	ma7-> if he thinks- proper, inftead of levying

charged from fhe Penalty, commit the Offender to the Houfe Prifon. of Correction, to be kept to hard Labour for two Months; and the Perfon fo committed

fhall

Ext raffs from the Penal Laws.	153

(hall, before his Difcharge, be ftript naked from the Middle upwards, and whipt till his Body be bloody.	Penalty of

III.	And by 24 Geo. 2. c. 40. the faid Pe-iol. nouo nalty of 10/. is not to be mitigated lower than rcdu“<5

5 I. And all Spirituous Liquors, which fhall be ^ Spirituous found in the Cuftody of fuch Perfon for fix Liquors found Months after Conviction, fhall be feized, ftaved in Pofi'effion or otherwife deftroyed •, for a fecond Offence, ofthf 9ffent1' exclufive of all other Penalties, to be committed Months‘after ' to hard Labour for three Months, arid whipt, Conviffion if the Juftice or Commiff.oner think fit •, and to be defer a third Offence to be tranfported for feven Croyed. Years.	Second

Offence.

IV.	If any Diftiller or other Perfon fhall offence, knowingly fell or deliver, or caufe to be fold and Djftj|]£r! &c delivered by his Servants or others, any Quantity felling, &c. of Dillilled Spirituous Liquors, to the End that Liquors to be the fame may be unlawfully retailed, or. to any unlawfully unlicenfed Retailer, he fhall forfeit 10 /. and tre- ret*''ed> °r t0 ble the Value of fuch Spirituous Liquors fo Retainers for-fold and delivered; and if any Perfon guilty of feits ipl. and retailing diftilled Spirituous Liquors, fhall difeo- treble the ver the Diftiller or other Perfon, who fhall have palue-fupplied him with fuch Liquors, and feall pro-J^f-fecute lum without Delay to Conviction, he fhallconviaing the not only be entitled to halt the Penalty, but Dilliller, fhall be indemnified againft all Penalties and intit,ed to Forfeitures incurred by him, before the Com- phar®of mencement of fuch Profecution for felling Spi- ind'emnified. • rituous Liquors wirhoui Licence.

V.	No Perfon fhall be entitled unto or main- No Debt

tain any Caufe, Action or Suit for, or recover “nd*r.z.°3*

either in Law or Equity, any Sum or Sums of rfnnn'^rnn*

, _	I-,.	*	>7	> ,	.	.	.Liquors con-

Money, Debt or Demands whatfoever, for or traded at one

on

»54

Time, recoverable, &c.

Retailer takings Pledge to forfeit 40 5 24 Geo. 2. c 40. f. 12.

Owner may recover his Pledge.

Perfons bringing Spirituous Liquors into Prifons, Workhonfes, Sx.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

on Account of any Spirituous Liquors, unlefs fuch Debt (hall have really and bona fide been contrafted at one Time, to the Amount of 2or. or upwards; nor {hall any particular Article or Item in any Account or Demand for diftilled Spirituous Liquors be allowed or maintained, where the Liquors delivered at one Time, and mentioned in fuch Article or Item, (hall not amount to the full Value of 20 s. at the lead, and that without Fraud or Covin; and where no Part of the Liquors fo fold or delivered (hall have been returned or agreed to be returned directly or indirely •, and in Cafe any Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, with or without Licence, {hall take or receive any Pawn or Pledge from any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, by way of Security for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money owing by fuch Perfon or Perfons for (fuch Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, every fuch Perfon offending herein {Itall forfeit and lofe the Sum of 40 s. for each and every Pawn or Pledge fo taken in or received by him, to be levied by "Warrant from one Juftice; and the Perfon to whom any fuch Pawn or Pledge doth belong, {hall have the fame Remedy for recovering fuch Pawn or Value thereof, as if it had never been pledged.

VI.	And by the faid Statute, Perfons bringing Spirituous Liquors into any Gaol, Prifon, Houfe of Correfiion, Workhoufe or Houfe of Entertainment for Parifli-Poor, (hall on Con-viftion forfeit any Sum not exceeding 20 /. and not lefs than 101, or be committed to hard La-bour not exceeding three Months.

For by the fame Aft, any two or more of his Majefty’s Commiffioners for managing the

Duties

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	\	£	*

Duties arifing by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, and no other Perfon whatfoever (hall grant Licences under their Hands and Seals to fiich Perfons as they (hall think fit to fell or utter by Retail in Manner aforefaid, any Kind of Wine or Wines, or Liquor called or reputed Wine whatfoever, in any City, Town, or other Place within Great Britain.

Obs. JuJlices of the Peace cannot by Law grant a Licence to fell Beer or Ale to any Perfon whatever who does not produce a proper Certificate of their good Fame, fiber Life and Converfation ; and tho' this Rejlraint is -not laid on the Commiffioners of the Stamp-Office in granting Licences for retailing of Wine, and they arc allowed to grant them to whom they think fit; yet this Rejlraint is certainly implyed, and doubtlefi on a Complaint from the Peace Officers or Inhabitants in any Neighbourhood where the Keeper of any Batvdy Houfe, Bagnio, or other difirderly Iloufi is become a Nufance to that Neighbourhood, from the Power of filling Wine, the Commiffioners will immediately remove the Caufi by refujing to renew that Licence, for this is one of the principal Caufes of the many Mifchiefs arifing from Bawdy Houfes.

VII.	By 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. it is enafted, That Perfons re-no Perfon whatfoever (unlefs duly licenfed for tailing Wine that Purpofe,) (hall fell or utter by Retail, that 'Vlti!0ut is, by the Pint, Quart, Pottle or Gallon, or by lcence* any other greater or lefs Retail Meafure, or in Bottles in any lefs Quantity than fhall be equal to the Meafure of the Calk or Vefiel in which the fame fhall have been, or may lawfully be imported, any kind of Wine or Wines,-of any Liquor, called or reputed Wine ; on Pain of forfeiting for every Oflvnce 106 I. Complaint to be madeforfeit 100'i-

to

156

Perfons felling Ale, Beer, &c. without Licence.

See 5 Geo. 3. c. 46. f. Zj. which alters the Nature of the Penalty and Application of it, and gives Colls.

Brewers felling Beer or Ale to unlicenfed Publicans.

Penalty.

ExtraBs from the Penal Laves. to the Commifiioners of the Stamp Office in Lincoln's Inn.

VIII.	By 26 Geo. 2. c. 31. and 28 Geo. 2. c. 10. it is enacted, That every Perfon convicted of felling Ale, Beer or other Liquors, without a Licence from two Juftices for that Purpofe, fhall forfeit for the firft Offence 40 s. for the fe-cond Offence 41, for the third Offence 61, and the faid Penalty of 61, for every Offence afterwards, and for Want of fufficient Diftrefs, to be committed to the common Gaol or Houfe of Correftion, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of one Month for the firft Offence; rwo Months for the Second; and for the third and every fubfequent Offence until fuch Offender Ihall be difcharged by Order of the Court of General Quarter-Seffions.

The 4 J. 1. c. 4. f. 1. enafts, That no Perfon or Perfons, by himfelf or by other Ways or Means, direftly or indireftly, fhall fell, utter or deliver, or caufe to be fold, uttered or'delivered, any Beer or Ale, to any Perfon or Perfons, or into the Houfe or Cellar of any Perfon or Perfons that then fhall fell or utter Beer or Ale as a common Tipler or Ale-Houfe Keeper, the fame Perfon not having any Licence then in Force to fell Ale or Beer, other than for the convenient Ufe or Expence of his, her or their Houfhold only ; upon Pain to forfeit for every Barrel fold, uttered or delivered contrary to the Meaning of this Aft, the Sum of 6 s. 8 d. and fo after that Rate for a greater or leffer Quantity.

MVSEVM

BRITANNICVM

CHAP.

ExtraBs from the Venal Laws.

rJ7

CHAP. XXXIV.

Extracts from 3oGeo. 2. c.21. relative to the Prefervation of Fife in the River Thames and Waters of Medway; and jor regu-. lating the Fifiery thereof.

BY this Statute, the Court of the Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London for the Time being, have full Power and Authority to make and frame Rules, Orders and Ordinances, for the governing and regulating all Perfons who lhall filh or drudge in the River Thames and Waters of Medway; and for afeer-taining the Affize of the feveral Filh to be there taken, 13c. In confequence of which Authority, the following Rules among many others were made:

I.	That no Perfon lhall knowingly have in perfons felling his Cuftody, or cry, carry about, or expofe to or crying or for Sale, on any Part of the River Thames about onfea-. or in the Waters of Medway, within the Jurif- Tiih!" diction aforefaid, or in the Cities of London or Wejlminjler or the Liberties thereof, or in the Counties of Middlesex, Sumy, EJj'ex or Kent, or any of them, any Spawn, Fry or Brood of Thames Filh, or Filh of the Waters of Medway, or Spat of Oyfters, or any Thames Filh, or Filh of the Waters of Medway, under the Di-menlion or Size allowed by the Orders hereby made; or lhall fell, or expofe to or for Sale, any Thames. Smelts, (except only in the Seafon, in

which

ij8

Perfons receiving or baying an-fizeable Fi£h

Size of Fifh.

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

which the famefare hereby allowed to be caught);' or Hiall knowingly fell or expofe to' or for Sale,* at any Time of the Year, any unwholfome, un-feafonable or unfizeable Thames Fifh, or Fifh of the Waters of Medway, under Penalty to forfeit the fame to any Perfon who will make Seizure thereof (and which any Perfon is hereby authorized to do, and to bring the Offender before a Magiftrate) and alfo under Pain to forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence 40 s.

II.	That no Perfon fhall, on the River Thames or Waters of Medway, within the Jurifdiftion aforefaid, or in any Part of the Cities of London or fFeftminfter or the Liberties thereof, or in the faid Counties of Middlefex, Surrey, Ejfex or Kent, or any of them, knowingly buy or accept of, or take by way of Gift, Exchange or other-, wile, any unwholefome Thames Fifh or Fifh of the Waters of Medway, or any Thames Fifh, or Fifh of the Waters of Medway «ut of Seafon,' or any Spawn, Fry or Brood of Thames Fifh, or Fifh of the Waters of Medway, or Spat of Oyfters, or any kind or fort of Thames Fifh, or Fifh of the Waters of Medway, under the Di-menlion or Size the fame refpeftively are allowed to be taken by the Orders above-mentioned,’ under the Penalty to forfeit and pay 10 s. for every Offence.

III.	That no Fifh of any of the forts or kind herein after-mentioned, fhall be caught in the faid River of Thames or Waters of Medway, or fold,-or expofed to or for Sale, if caught in the faid River of Thames or Waters of Medway, of lefs Weight or Size than herein after is fpecified, that is to fay.





ExtraSls from the Penal Laws.

No Salmon of lefs Weight than fix Pounds each Fifh.

No trout of lefs Weight than one Pound each Fi(h.

No Pike or Jack under twelve Inches long from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Pearch under fix Indies long* from the Eyes to the End of the Taih-. No Flounders under fix Inches long, from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Soles under feven Inches long, from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Plaice or Dabs under feven Inches long, from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Roach under fix Inches long, from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Dace under fix Inches long, from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Whitings under fix Inches long, from the Eyes to the End of the Tail.

No Barbel under twelve Inches long.

No Chub under nine Inches each: under Pain to forfeit and pay 40 s. for every fuch Offence.

IV.	That the refpe&ive Times and Seafons for Perfons going forth to Fifh, and taking Fifh in the faid River of thames and Waters of Medway, fhall, from Time to Time, be ob-ferved by them, and be as follows, that is to fay.

Flounders fhall be taken all the Year.

Smelts fhall be only taken from the 2 5th Day of January to the iff Day of June in every Year.

Shads fhall be only taken from the 10th Day of May to the 30th of June in every Year.

M

Salmon

ExtraBs from the Penal Lames.

Salmon fliall be only taken from the nth Day of November to the 24th of Augv.fi yearly.

Trouts (hall only be taken from the 1 ith Day of November to the 24th of Auguft yearly.

Pike, Jack, Pearcb, Roach, Dace, Chub and Barbel fliall be only taken between the 24th Day of Auguft and the 21ft Day of March in every Year.

Gudgeons fliall be only taken from the 24th Day of Auguft to the 21 ft Day of March in every Year.

Leaps and Rods for Eels fliall be laid only from the 21ft Day of April to the 30th Day of October yearly.

Lamperns fliall be only taken from the 24th Day of AuguSi to the 30th Day of March yearly.

Whitings fliall be only taken from Michaelmas Day yearly till Ember Week.

jvhiiebait fliall be only taken from the ift Day of Auguft to the i ft Day of Oflober yearly.

White Shrimps fhall be only taken from Bartholomew Day to Good Friday yearly.

Red Shrimps (hall be taken in the River Medway, from the 25th Day of April to the ift Day of July in every Year.

Buntings (hall be only taken from the ift Day of September to the ift Day of April yearly.

Hookermen may hook for Eels all the Year.

Stow-Boats, Travolermen, Trinkermen, Hebber-men, Draggernwt, and Bandingmen, may lay Leaps for Eels and Smelts, during the Time and in the Seafons hereby allowed for taking fuch Fifti re-fpeciively.

And any Perfon who (hall catch any Fifli within the Jurifdidlion aforefaid, in any other

manner

'Extrack from the Penal Laws.	161

manner, or in any other Seafon of the Year, than is hereby allowed of, (hall fori tit and pay for every fuch Offence, the Sum of j /.

For the reft, fee the Rules.

Obs. Among the many great Advantage arifing to this Metropolis from the I-ha 1 i -■ 'u ■■ tK:: of its Fife is a very confm.craite one, and would be. more sffentially felt as fuck, were tin Rules for the Prefer-valion of the Spawn and Fry of hfe, and the Regulation of Fifeermen put duly in Execution. Indeed, an Attention to the above Rules only, as it would prevent the bringing of tmfeafonable and un-fizeable Fife to Market, would be oj ftngular Uje. to the Fifeery, as it would take away the Motive of catching fitch.

C H A P. XXXV.

ExtraSs from ij Geo. 2. c, 19. for the more elfedhtal fecuring the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants,

I.	Hr- HIS Statute enafts, That if any Tenant Landlords i or Leffee (hall convey away any Goods m*y <^ain or Chattels, in Order to defraud the Landlord of any Rents or Arrears, that (hall be referved, c;irrje(j 0fF th« clue or made payable, it (hall be lawful for the Premifles Landlord to purfue and feize the faicl Goods and "'Min thirty Chattels wherever the fame (hall be found, with- ■Da-Vs’ in thirty Days after the Removal thereof, and to fell or othervvife difpofe of fuch Goods and Chattels in the fame Manner as if the lame had been diftrained by fuch Landlord in and upon lin,clpf°.,<i tQ fuch Premiffes, urtlefs fold bona fide and for aa:,y U10n M 2	valuable

162

eg: privy to the Fraud.

Penalty on

the laid Fraud, or affiih'ng thereto.

If the Goods exceed no: 50 i. Lend • lords to have Recourfe to two Juilice:.

Extracts from the penal Laws'. valuable Consideration to fome Perfon not privy to the Fraud.

II.	That if any fuch Tenant or Leffee {hall fraudulently remove and convey away his or her Goods as aforefaid; or if any Perfon Ihall wilfully and knowingly aid or affiff any fuch Tenant or Leffee, in fuch fraudulent conveying away cr carrying off of any Parr of his or her Good? or Chattels, or in concealing the fame, luch Perfon ib offending Ihall forfeit and pay to the Landlord or Leflbr from whole Eftate fuch Goods and Chattls were fraudulently carried off as aforefaid, double the Value of the Goods by him or them rcfpeftively carried off or concealed as aforefaid.

III.	That where the Value of the Goods fo earned off or concealed, {hail not exceed the Value of 501, it {hall and may be lawful for the Landlord, his Bailiff, Servant or Agent, to exhibit a Complaint in Writing againff fuch Offender or Offenders before two jufficcs, who may furnmon the Parties, and determine in a luminary Way, whether fuch Perfon or Perfons be guilty of the Offence with which he, (lie or they are charged, and upon Proof theieof {hall adjudge the Offender or Offenders to pay double the Value of the faid Goods or Chattels to fuch Landlord, to be levied bv Warrant of Diffrefs; and if no Diltrefs can be found, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Houle of Correction to hard Labour for the Space of fix Months, unlefs the Money (hall be fooner fa-tisfied.

IV.	That where any Goods or Chattels fraudulently or clandestinely conveyed or carried away by any Tenant or Leffee, his or her

Servant,

Extracts from the Penal Laics.	163

Servant, Agent or other Ferfon aiding or aflifl- Landlords ing therein, fhall be put, placed or kept in any *Fealh Houfe, Barn, Stable, Out-houfe, Yard, Clofc, ^ood* or Place locked up, fattened or otherwife (ecu- fraudulently red, lb as to prevent fuch Goods and Chattels lecared from being taken and feized as a Diftrefs fort!ierein> Arrears of Rent, it fhall and may be lawful for the Landlord or Leffor, his Steward, Bailiff,

Receiver or other Perfon impowered to take and feize as a Diftrefs for Rent, fuch Goods and Chattels (firft calling to his Afliftance the Con-ftable, Headborough, Borflrolder or other Peace Officer of the Hundred, Borough, Parifh,

Diftridt or Place, where the fame lhall be fuf-pefted to be concealed, who are hereby required to aid and alfift therein; and in cafe of a Dwel-ling-houfe, Oath being alfo firft made before fome Juftice of the Peace, of a reafonable Ground to fufpedt that iuch Goods or Chattels are therein) in the Day-time, to break open and enter into fuch Houfe, Barn, Stable, Out-houfe,

Yard, Clofe and Place, and to take and feize fuch Goods and Chattels for the laid Arrears of Rent.

Y. That any Leffor or Landlord, his Stew-_ ard, Bailiff, Receiver or other Perfon, itn-ji"ainm^cl.'"or powered by him, to take and feize as a Diftrefs ^tie on the for Arrears of Rent, any Cattle or Stock of Piemiffts far their refpeftive Tenant or Tenants, feeding or d"ears of depafturing upon any Common, Appendant orRent-Appurtenant, or any Ways belonging to all or any Part of the Premifles demited or holden ; and alfo to take and feize all Sorts of Corn and Grafs, Hops, Roots, Fruit, Pulfe or other Product whatfoever, which lhall be growing on any Part of the Eftates fo demifed or holden,

M3	as

164,

icr?.nt:' to

have Notice of the Place where Dii‘:ej is locked.

ProrifiOr, fo: .Landlords where Tenants deiert PredilTr.

ExtraBs from the Penal Lanes. as a Diftrefs for Arrears of Rent •, and the fame to cut, gather, make, cure, carry and lay up; when ripe, in the Bai ns or other proper Place on the Premiffes fo demifed or holden •, and in cafe there (hall be no Barn or proper Place on the Premiffes, then in any other Barn or proper Place which fuch Leffor or Landlord fhall hire or procure for that Purpofe, and as near as may be to the P-emiffes; and in convenient Time to appraife, fcil or otherwise difpofe of the fame, towards Satisfaftion of the Rent, and of the Charges of fuch Diftrefs, Apprailement and Sale; and the Apprailement thereof to be taken when cut, gathered, cured and made, and not before.

VI.	That Notice of the Place, where'the Goods and Chattels fhall be lodged or depofited,

, (hall, within one Week after the fame (hall be ' fo lodged or depofited, be given to fuch Leffee or Tenant, or left at the lalf Piace of his or her Abode.

VII.	That if any Tenant, holding any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at a Rack Rent, or where the Rent referved fhall be full three Fourths of the yearly Value of the demifed Premiffes, who fhall be in Arrear for one Year’s Rent, fhall defert the demifed Premiffes, and leave the fame uncultivated or unoccupied, fo as no lufficient Diftrefs can be had to countervail the Arrears of Rent, two or more Juftices, (having no Intereft in the demifed Premiffes) at the Requeft of the Leffor or Landlord, or his or her Bailiff or Receiver, may go upon and view the fame, and ro aff.x or caufe to be affixed on the moft notorious Part of die Premiffes, Notice in Writing, what Day (at the Diftance

of

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	165

of fourteen Days at leaft) they will return to take a fecond View thereof; and if upon fuch fecond View, the Tenant or fome Perfon on his or her Behalf, lliall not appear and pay the Rent in Arrear, or there (hall not be fufficient Diftrefs upon the Premises; then the laid Juftices may put the Landlord or Leffor into the PoffelTion of the faid demifed Premifles, and the Leafe thereof to fuch Tenant, as to any Demife therein contained only, (hall from thenceforth become void.

And whereas great Inconveniences have happened and may happen to Landlords whofe Tenants have Power to determine their Leafes, by giving Notice to quit the Premiffes by them holden, and yet refuftng to deliver up the PoffelTion when the Landlord hath agreed with ano-other Tenant for the fame, it is enafted,

VIII. That in cafe any Tenant (hall give Tenants hold-Notice of his or her Intention to quit the Pre-ir,2 l>rcrTVl,fa miffes by him or her holden, at the Time men-	|mc

tioned in fuch Notice, and (hall not accordingly deliver up the Polfeffion thereof at the Time in [hem, to pay fuch Notice contained; that then the faid Te-double Rent, nant, his or her Executor or Adminiftrator (hall from thenceforward pay to the Landlord or Leffor, double the Rent or Sum which he or (he (hould otherwife have paid; which double Rent or Sum (hall continue to be paid during all the Time fuch Tenant (hail continue in Pc del-fion as aforefaid.

Oss. If this was extended to Iloafes and Lodgings in London, hired by the Week, Month or Year in the following Manner, viz. Ybal on a Landlord or Tenant, where the ldoitfe or Lodging is lett by the Week, giving a Week's Notice in M 4	Writing,

166	Ext rafts from the Penal Laws.

Writing, when lelt by the Month, a Fortnight's Notice, and by the Tear, a Quarter's Notice, and if they did not quit the fame to be liable to pay double Rent as above, it would be ufeful, as it would fave the Trouble and Expence of Ejectments, which tho' they may anfwcr in Relation to Hcufes, cannot in regard to Lodgings, and Lodgers from this Defell occaficn great Mifchiefs, and infante Plague to the Landlords.

In the feizing of Goods for Rent, it is ufeful to requejl the Attendance of a Conftable to keep the Peace, and uccejjary to be very exalt in the Inventories of Goods Jeized, one of whichJhoiild be delivered to the Tenant; and in giving Warning, Notice fhou'd always be left in Writing. But as the feizr ing of Goods is a dfagreeable Circttmftance, and the getting rid of troublefome Tenants is always attended with much Difficulty, frequent Quarrels and Dif-puies, it is impoffble to be too careful and exact, in enquiring into the Characters of fitch as are admitted Tenants to Houfts or Lodgings, and more particularly the latter; wbofe Charactersfhould be enquired ft the Place where they lajl lodged.

C H A P. XXXVI.

Extracts from 27 Eliz. c. 13.	8	Geo. 2.

c. 16. S:c. relative to the Hue and Cry, and the Notice jiecefary to be given by Perjons robbed on the Highway, who intend to fue the Hundred.

The Party	J XT O Perfon that fhall hereafter happen

robbedlihall	]_ %' to be robbed, fhall have or maintain

thereof to the an)' Action, or take any Benefit by virtue of

the

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	167

the Statutes of 13 Edw. I. flat. 2. C. 1 & 2. Inhabitant of and the 28 Edw. 3, c. n. or either of them,l°meTown» except the fame Perfon fo robbed dial!, with as&c' much convenient Speed as may be, give Notice and Intelligence of the faid Felony or Robbery, fo committed, unto fome of the Inhabitants of fome Town, Village or Hamlet near unto the Place where any fuch Robbery (hall be committed ; nor (hall bring or have any Adtion upon and by Virtue of any of the Statutes aforefaid, except he (hall firft, within 20 Days next before The Party fuch Adtion to be brought, be examined upon robbed t0 be his corporal Oath, to be taken before fome one Juftice of the Peace of the County where the jf he knows ’ Robbery was committed, inhabiting within the the Offenders, faid Hundred where the faid Robbery was committed, or near unto the fame, whether he does know the Parties that committed the faid Robbery, or any of them. And if upon fuch Examination it be confefi’ed, that he does know the Parties that committed the faid Robbery or any of them, that then he or they fo confeffing (hall, before the faid Adtion be commenced or brought, enter into fufficient Bond by Recognizance before the faid Juftice before whom the faid Examination (hall be had, effedtually to profecute the fame Perfon or Perfons fo known to have committed the faid Robbery, by Indidtment or other-wife, according to the due Courfe of the Laws of this Realm.

II. 8 Geo. 2. c. 16. No Perfon or Perfons fhall have or maintain any Adtion againft any Hundred, or take any Benefit by virtue of the above-mentioned Adt, unlefs he, (he or they (hall, over and above the Notice by the faid Statute to |oe given of any Robbery, with as much convenient

j68

To gire Notice to a Con-fiabb, de-faibing the Felon,

2nd pob'ilh the Cale in the London Gazette within zo Days after the Robbery,

aid gire Security to pay Co!b, if tali,

Extracts from the Penal Laws,

nient Speed as may be, after any Robbery on him, her or them committed, give Notice thereof to one of the Con (tables of the Hundred, or to fome Conftable, Borfholder, Headborough or Tythingman of fome Town, Parifh, Village, Hamlet or Tything, near unto the Place wherein fuch Robbery (hall happen, or (hall leave Notice in Writing of fuch Robbery at the Dwel-ling-houle of fuch Conltable, Borlholder, &c. defcribing in fuch Notice to be given or left as aforefaid, fo far as the Nature and Circumftances of the Cafe will admit, the Felon or Felons, and the Time and Place of the Robbery ; and alfo (hall, within 20 Days next after the Robbery committed, caufe public Notice to be given thereof in the London Gazette, therein likewife aelcribing, fo far as the Nature and Circum-(hnces of the Cafe will admit, the Felon or Felons, and the 1 ime and Place of fuch Robbery, together with the Goods and Effefts whereof he, fne or they were robbed; and (hall alfo, before any fuch Action be commenced, go before the chief Clerk or Secondary, or the Filazer of the County wherein fuch Robbery (hall happen, or the Clerk of the Pleas of that Court wherein fuch Action is intended to be brought, or their refpedive Deputies, or before the Sheriff of the County wherein the Robbery (hall happen, and enter into a Bond to the High Conftable of the Hundred in which fuch Robbery (hall be committed, in the penal Sum of 100/. with two fufficient Sureties to be appointed by (uch chief Cierk, Secondary, Filazer or Clerk of the Pleas, or their refpedive Deputies, or the Sheriff of the faid County, with Condition for fecuring to (uch High Conftable (who is hereby impowered

169

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

and required to enter or caufe to be entered, an Appearance, and alfo to defend fuch Aftion as herein after is mentioned) the due Payment of his or their Cofts after the fame (hall be taxed by a proper Officer in Cafe that he, (he or they (the Plaintiffs in fuch A6lion) (hall happen to be non-fuited or difcontinue his Aftion, or in Cafe that Judgment (hall be given againft fuch Plaintiff on Demurrer, or that a Verdift (hall be given againft him.	,

III.	No Hundred or Franchife therein (ball be chargrable^if chargeable by virtue of the above-mentioned or one of the any other Statute, if one or more of the Felons, Felons be by whom fuch Robbery (hall be committed, be apprehended within 40 Days next after fuch pub- N “J* lie Notice given in the LondonGazette as aforefaid. in the

See 8 Geo. 1. c. 16. relative to the Reward. Gazette.

IV.	29 Cha. 2. c. 7. f. 5. If any Perfon which Hundreds not (hall travel on the Lord’s Day, (hall be then chargeable, if robbed, no Hundred or the Inhabitants there- ‘he Robbery of (hall be charged with or anfwerable for0„the Lord's any Robbery fo committed-, but the Perfon foDay; robbed (hall be barred from bringing any Aftion

for the faid Robbery: Neverthelefs, the Inhabitants of the Counties and Hundred, (after Notice of any fuch Robbery to fome of them given, neverthelefs or after Hue and Cry for the fame to be brought) w make Hue (hall make or caufe frefh Suit to be made afterand Crf-the Offenders, with Horfemen and Footmen, according to the Statute of 27 Eliz. upon Pain of forfeiting to the King as much Money as might have been recovered againft the Hundred by the Fenahy-Party robbed, if this Law had not been made.

V.	By 22 Geo. 2. c. 24. No Perfon (hall reco- n0 Perfon to vet- againft the Inhabitants of any Hundred recover more ‘ more than 200 /. unlefs the Perfon or Perfons fothan 100 '•

• robbedunlefs two

170

were prefent at the Robbery.

Method of making Hue and Cry.

The Aftion to be commenced within one Year.

Extracts from the Penal Laws. robbed {hall be together in Company, and be in Number Two at the leaft, to atteft the Truth of his or their being fo robbed.

VI.	By 8 Geo. 2. c. 16. Every Borfholder, Headborough or Tythingman, to whom Notice {hall be given, or at whofe Dwelling-houfe Notice of any Robbery {hall be left as aforefaid, and every Conftable of the Hundred, and every Con-ftable, Borlholder, Headborough or Tythingman, of any Town, Parith, Village, Hamlet or Tything, within the Hundred or Franchifes within the Precindt thereof, wherein fuch Robbery {hall happen, as foon as the fame {hall come to his Knowledge, either by Notice from the Party robbed, or from any other Perfon to whom Notice ihall be given thereof purfuant to this or any other Statute, Ihall, with the utmoft Expedition, make and eaufe to be made, fredi Suit and Hue and Cry after the Felon by whom fuch Robbery {hall be committed; on Pain of forfeiting 5 /. for every fuch Refufal or Neglect.

VII.	By 27 Eliz. c. 13. No Hue and Cry or Purfuit hereafter to be made by any County or Hundred, {hall be allowed and taken to be a lawful Hue and Cry or Purfuit, except it be done by Horfmen and Footmen.

VIII.	No Perfon can take any Benefit by virtue of any Statute, to charge any Hundred, except he (hall commence his Suit or Aftion witlu in one Year after the Robbery committed.

CHAP.

Extracts jrm the Penal Lavis.

CHAP. XXXVII.

Extracts from 22 Geo. 2. c. 27.	12	Geo. 1.

c. 3-4. for preventing of Frauds and Abu-fes by Pcrfons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Limn, Fif-iian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Furr, Hemp,

Flax, Mohair and Silk Manufactures, 6cc.

I.	HP HIS Aft enacts, That if any Perfon Perfons emit whatfoever, who (hall be hired or em- ployed in the ployed to make any Felt or Hat, or to prepare Manufaftitres or work up any Woollen, Linnen, Fultian, embezzline ton. Iron, Leather, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Mohair Materials, or Silk, or of any of the faid Materials mixed one with another, (hall purloin, embezzle, fecret, fell, pawn, exchange or otherwife unlawfully difpofe of any of the Materials with which he or (he (hall be refpeftively intruded, whether the fame or any Part thereof be or be not firft wrought, made up or manufaftured, or converted into merchantable Wares, or (hall reel (hort or ree);ng or falfe Yarn, and (hall be thereof convifted by falfe or ihort the Oath of the Owner or any other credible Yarn. Witnefs, before one Juftice of the Peace, fuch Offender (hall be committed to hard Labour for the Space of fourteen Days, and be once publicly whipped at the Market Place, or fome other public Place, and for a fecond or other fubfe- seC0nd quent Offence to be committed for any Time offence, not exceeding three Months, nor lefs than one Month, and to be twice publickly whipped as aforelaid, or oftner.

II.

172

Perfons buying or receiving Materials from

Workmen.

forfeit for the firil Offence 201.

on NTon- payment to be committed and whipped.

ExtraBs from the Penal Law.

II.	That if any Perfon (hall buy, receive, accept or take by way of Gift, Pawn, Pledge, Sale or Exchange, or in any other manner whatl'o-ever, of or from any Perfon or Perfons, hired or employed to make any Felt or Hat, or to prepare or Work up the Woollen, Linnen, Fuf-tian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Mohair or Silk Manufactures, or any Manufactures made up of Wool, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Cotton, Mohair or Silk, or of any of the faid Materials mixed one with another, any Thrums or Ends of Yarn, or any other Materials of any of the above-mentioned Articles, whether the fame or any Part thereof be or be not firft wrought, made up or manufactured, knowing the Perfon of whom he, (he or they fo buy, receive, accept or take the faid Materials, to be fo hired or employed as aforefaid, and not having firfb obtained the Confent of the Perfon or Perfons fo hiring or employing him, her or them, who fhall offer to fell, pawn, pledge, exchange or otherwife difpofe of the faid Materials ; or fhall buy, receive, accept or take, in any manner whatfoever, of or from any other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, any of the faid Materials, whether the fame be or be not nrft wrought, made up or manufactured, knowing the fame to be purloined or imbezzled, fuch Perfon fo offending and being thereof convicted as aforefaid, (hall, for the firft Offence forfeit the Sum of 201, and in cafe the faid Forfeiture (hall not be immediately paid, fhall be committed to hard Labour for the Space of fourteen Days, unlefs the faid Forfeiture fhall be fooner paid: And if within two Days before the Expiration of the faid fourteen Days the faid Forfeiture fhall

not

2

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.	i

Hot be paid, fuch Offender fhall be publickly whipped at the Market-Place, (jc. once or oft-ner, as to the Juftice who fhall commit fuch Offender fhall appear reafonable; and in cafe of a further Conviction, for or upon a fecond or Second any other fubfequent Offence of the fame kind, ?<!'fnce fuch Offender fhall forfeit the Sum of 40C'lS And in cafe the faid Forfeiture fhall not be immediately paid, fhall be committed to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor lefs than one Month, unlefs the faid Forfeiture fhall be fooner paid; and if within feven Days before the Expiration of the Time . for which fuch Offender fhall be fo committed, the faid Forfeiture fhall not be paid, the Juftice fhall order fuch Offender to be publickly whipped at the Market-Place, &c. twice or oftner, as to fuch Juftice fhall appear reafonable.

III.	That if any Perfon intruded with any of the Materials herein before-mentioned, in order to prepare, work up or manufacture the on fame, fhall not ufe all the Materials in the pre- ret°Jn™“^£ paring, working up, or manufacturing the Remainder of fame, and fhall negleCt or delay for the Space the Materials of 21 Days after fuch Materials fhall be pre-w'^im21 pared, worked up or manufactured, to return (if required by the Owner or Owners of fuch Materials fo to do) fo much of the faid Materials as fhall not be ufed as aforefaid, to the Perfon or Perfons intruding him, her or them, therewith, fuch NegleCt and Delay fhall be deemed to be an imbezzling or purloining of fuch Materials; and the Perfon convicted, in manner before prefcribed, of fuch NegleCt or Delay, fhall fuffer the like Punifhment, as Perfons convicted of purloining any of the Materials



I ns.	Extracts from the Penal Lews'.

rials herein before-mentioned, are by this A£c rendered fubjedt and liable to.

Jonraeyir.en IV. That if any Perfon who (hall be hired, not ccmrleat- retained or employed to prepare or work up ing iheir any 0f the manufaftures herein before-mentioned Work, &c. pQr any one	(hall neglect or refufe the

Performance thereof, by procuring or permitting himfelf or herfelf to be fubfequently retained of employed by any other Mafter or Perfon what-foever, before he or (he (hall have compleated the Work, which he or (he was firft and originally fo hired, retained or employed to perform, and which was firft delivered to him or her; and being thereof convifted as aforefaid, (hall to be	be lent to the Houfe of Correction, there to be

tommitted.	kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceed-

ing one Month.

Obs. This Evil crifes from the Mafters fuf-ferir.g their Journeymen to get into their Debt, •which fl-jcu.il be carefully avoided, as moft Journeymen are averfe to work for a dead Horfe, as they call it: Tbo’ this is being very difljoneft, and often prevents their Mafters from relieving the Diftrejfes of their Families, for fear their Workmen ftsould leave them; and Journeymen fhould remember, that their Mafters cannot keep iheir Words to their Cuf-tomers, unlefs they are punctual to their Mafters -, for want of which they often lofe their beft Cuf-tomers and very confldcrable Orders •, and Publicans /offering thefe Combinations, Jhould, on Conviction before a Juftice of Peace, pay 201, to the Poor of the Pariflj, and forfeit their Licence: But by the 2d and 3d of Edw. VI. c. 15. it is enabled, That if any Butchers, Brewers, Bakers, Poulterers, Cocks, Coftcrmongers, or Fruiterers, Jhall at any Time confpire, covenant, promife or make any Oaths 4	that

*7J

Ext raffs from the Peiial Laws, theit they Jhall not fell their ViRuals hut at certain Prices i or if any Artificers, Workmen or Labourers do confpire, covenant, or promife together, or make any Oaths that they Jhall not make or do their Works but at a certain Price or Rate, or Jhall not enter-prize or take upon them, to finifh that another hath begun, or Jhall do but a certain Work in a Lay, or Jhall not Work but at certain Hours and Times, every Perfon Jo confpiring, covenanting, or fwearing or offending, Jhall on ConviRion, forfeit for the firfi Offence io 1. to be paid infix Lays after ConviRion, or be imprifoned twenty Lays, and have only Bread and Water for his Sujlenance; and for the fecond Offence to forfeit 201. in like Manner, or ftffer PuniJhment of the Pillory, and for the third Offence to forfeit 40 /. in like Manner, or elfe Jhall fit on the Pillory and lofe one of his Ears, and alfo Jhall at all Times after that be taken as a Man infamous, and his Saying, Lepofitions, or Oath not to be credited at any Time in any Matters of Judgment.

V.	The 12 Geo. 1. c. 34; enafts, That all Con-1 All Combina-' rradts, Covenants or Agreements, and all Laws* Ordinances, Rules or Orders, in unlawful ers0°nd 0Ifi ‘ Clubs and Societies, by or between any Perfons Weavers, brought up or in profefiing, ufing or exercifing illegal, the Art and Myftery of a Wool-Comber or Weaver or Journeyman Wool-Comber or Journeyman Weaver, for regulating the faid Trade or Myftery, orjor regulating or fettling the Prices of Goods, or for advancing their Wages, or for leflening their ufual Hours of Work, lhall be and are hereby declared to be illegal, null and void, to all Intents and Purpofes: And further.

That if any Wool-Comber or Weaver, or Journeyman Wool-Comber or Weaver, or N	other

i-6	ExtraBs from the Penal Law.

and if other Perfon concerned in any of the Woollen of kee^n u Manufactures °f this Kingdom, (hall keep up, Lh*S)m8biDP “ntinue, a& in, make, enter into, fign, feal, nations, may or be knowingly concerned in any Contract, be committed Covenant, Agreement, By-Law, Ordinance, for 3 Months. Ryp, or Order, of any Club, Society or Comet, rt. to. ^nation jjy tj1js Act declared to be illegal, null and void, or fhall prefume or attempt to put any fuch illegal Agreement, By-Law, Ordinance Rule or Order, in Execution •, every Perfon fo offending, and being thereof convicted on the Oath of one Witnefs before two Juftices, upon any Information exhibited or Profecution within three Calendar Months after the Offence committed, fhall be committed to hard Labour for ony Time not exceeding three Months.

Obs. If the Printers or Publifhers of Advertife-ments or Hand-Bills, to collect ‘Journeymen together for' the purpofe of Combination, were made liable to be punifhed by the fame Law., it would be a great Means of pre-venting them.

Qgitting VI. That if any Perfon aftually retained or Service before employed as a Wool-Comber or Weaver, or the,Ti:Le f Servant, in the Art or Myftery of a Wool-w ‘	'	Comber	or Weaver, fliall depart from his

Service before the End of the Time or Term for which he is or fhall be hired or retained, or fhall quit or return his Work before the fame fhall be finilbed according to Agreement, un-lefs it be for fome reafonable or fufficient Caufe to be allowed by two or more Juftices, and being thereof convifted as aforefaid, fhall be committed to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months ; and if any fuch Perfon, fo retained or employed as: aforefaid.

4

ExiraBs from the Penal Lawi.	I77

Ihall wilfully damnify, fpoil or deftroy (with- Spoiling the out the Confent of the Owner) any of theWork’ Goods, Wares or Work committed to his Care or Charge, or wherewith he Ihall be intrufted ; and being thereof convicted as aforefaid, Ihall forfeit and pay to the Owner or Owners of fuch Goods or Wares fo damnified, fpoiled or deftroyed double the Value thereof, to be le-to pay doubli vied by Diftrefs and Sale; and for Want 0f the Value, fufficient Diftrefs, to be committed.to the Houle of Correction to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, or until Satisfaction be made to the Party aggrieved for the fame.

VII. That every Clothier, Serge-Maker, or Clothiers, &c. Woollen or Worfted Stuff Maker, or Perfont0 WaSd concerned in making any Woollen Cloths,"1 °ney' Serges or Stuffs, or anywife concerned in employing, Wool-Combers, Weavers or other Labourers, in the Woollen Manufacture, Ihall, and they are hereby obliged and required to pay unto all Perfons by them employed in the Woollen Manufacture, the full Wages or other Price agreed on in good and lawful Money of this Kingdom, and Ihall not pay the faid Wages or other Prices agreed on, or any Part thereof in Goods, or by Way of Truck, or in any other Manner than in Money as aforefaid, or make any Deduction from fuch Wages or Price, for, or on Account of any Goods fold or delivered previous to fuch Agreement, by any Perfon whatfoever; and any two or more Juftices, on Complaint made to them for that junices on Purpofe, are required to fummon the Party Complaint, offending before them, and for Non-Payment 1“ lllue of fuch Wages or Price agreed on in Money levy™'5 °r hi 2	as	Wages, &c.

178	Extracts	from the Penal Laws.

as aforefaid, or fuffieient Satisfaction given for the fame, to the good Liking of the Party aggrieved, to levy the fame by Diftrefs and Sale; and for Want of fuffieient Diftrefs to commit the Offender to the common Gaol for fix Months, or until fuch Wages or Price agreed on (hall be paid in Money, or full Satisfaction be given for the fame, to the good Liking of the Party grieved.

Clothiers VIII. That if any Clothier, Serge Maker, paving Wages Woollen or Worfted Stuff Maker, or Perfon in Good:, concerned in making any Woollen Cloths, Serges or Stuffs, or any ways concerned in employing Wool-Combers, Weavers or other Labourers in the Woollen ManufaCtury, as aforefaid, (hall pay any Perfon or Perfons employed by them, their Wages or other Price agreed on, or any Part thereof, either in Goods or by Way of Truck, or in any other Manner than in Money as aforefaid, every Perfon fo offending (hall alfo forfeit and pay the Sum forfeit i ol. °f 10/. to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale as aforefaid.

A {faulting or IX. That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall threatening affault or abufe any Mafter Wool-Comber or Frio”5'&C" ^a^er Weaver, or other Perfon concerned in any of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, whereby any fuch Mafter or other Perfon (hall receive any bodily Hurt, for not complying with, or not conforming, or not fubmitting to any fuch illegal By-Laws, Ordinances, Rules or Orders aforefaid; or if any Perfon (hall write, or caufe to be written, or fend or caufe to be fent, any Letter or other Writing or Meffage, threatening any Hurt or Harm to any fuch Mafter, threatening to burn,

pull

179

Extrails from the Penal Laws. pull down or deftroy any of their Houfes or Out-houfes, or to cut down or deftroy any of their Trees, or to maim or kill any of their Cattle, for not complying with any Demands,

Claims or Pretences, of any of his or their Workmen, or others employed by them in the faid Manufacture, or for not conforming or not fubmitting to any fuch illegal By-Laws, Ordinances, &c. as aforefaid; every Perfon wilfully or knowingly offending in the Premiffes, (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and (hall be tranf-ported for feven Years.

Obs. As it is the more general Practice for Journeymen to decoy, or by Threats, and Affaults, to terrify their Brother Journeymen from working for the ufual Prices; it would be ufeful to add the following Words to this Claufe, viz, “ That if “ any Journeyman, or other Perfon, (hall bear,

“ decoy, perluade or deter, any other Journey-“ man by any Means whatever from working “ with any Matter at the ufual ftated Prices, or “ from working the ufual Hours, and (hall be “ convifted of the fame, before one or more Ju-“ ftices, on the Oath of one or more Witnefles,

“ he (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and (hall “ be tranfported for feven Years.”

X.	The 22 Geo. 2. c. 27. enaCts, That all the p/°^ifl0n5.!n Provifions, Regulations, Pains, Penalties and extendw Forfeitures contained in the above Claufes from perfonsem-12 Geo. 1. c. 34. (hall extend to Journeymen ployed in the Dyers, Journeymen Hot Preffers, and all other Manufaftures Perfons whatfoever employed in or about any 0f enum*rate^-the Woollen Manufaftures of this Kingdom, and alfo of Journeymen, Servants, Workmen and Labourers, £sfr. employed in the making of Felts or Hats, or in, or about any of the Ma-N 3	nufaCtures

>8o

Breaking into a Shop 10 cat Serges, S.C. Felony.

ExtraBs from the Fenol Laws. nufaCtures of Silk, Mohair, Furr, Hemp, Flax? Linen, Cotton, Fuftian, Iron or Leather, or in or about any Manufactures made up of Wool, Furr, Hemp, Flax, Cotton, Mohair or Silk, or any of the faid Materials mixed one with another.

XI.	The 12 Geo. i. c. 34. further enaCts, That if any Perlon lhall by Day, or by Night, break into any Houfe or Shop, or enter by Force into any Houfe or Shop, with Intent to cut or deftroy any Serge or other Woollen Goods in the Loom, or any Tools employed in the making thereof, or lhall wilfully and malicioufly cut or deftroy any fuch Serges or Woollen Goods in the Loom or on the Rack, or lhall burn, cut or deftroy any Rack on which any fuch Serges or other Woollen Goods are hanged in Order to dry, or lhall wilfully and malicioufly break or deftroy any Tools ufed in the making any fuch Serges, or other Woollen Goods, not having the Confent of the Owner fo to do; fuch Offender, being thereof convicted, lhall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and lhall fuffer Death as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

CHAP. XXXVIII.

ExtraBs from 23 Geo. 2. c. 13. and 5 Geo. 1. c. 27. relating to the fedacing Artificers.

'■'ip H E firft of thefe Statutes enaCts, That if i at any Time after the 24th Day of June if50, any Perfon or Perfons lhall contract with,.

entice.

Extralfs from the Penal Laws.'	igj

entice, periuade or endeavour to perfuade, fo- Seducing licit or feduce, any Manufadurer, Workman 0r Ar‘!fc_ers in Artificer of or in Woo!, Mohair, Cotton or Silk, or of or in any Manufadures made up of 0f Great Wool, Mohair, Cotton or Silk, or any of the Britain or laid Materials mixed one with another, or of Ireland,0l!t or in Iron, Steel, Brafs or any other Metal, or Dominions of any Clockmaker, Watchmaker, or any other Great Britain, Manufadurer, Workman or Artificer, of or in forfeits 5001. any other of the Manufadures of Great Britainand 12 or Ireland, of what Nature or Kind foever, to go *m" out of this Kingdom, or out of the Kingdom of's^.°"™enC' Ireland into any foreign Country, not within the offence Dominions of, or belonging to the Crown of forfeits Great Britain \ every fuch Perfon fhall, on Con-vidion, within twelve Months, forfeit 5001, and be committed for a Year without Bail or Main- profecution prize, for the firft Offence, and for every lecond within 12 or fubfequent Offence, to forfeit 1000/. and be Months, committed for two Years without Bail or Main-prize, by 2 3 Geo. 2.

By the fame Statute it is enaded, That if any Perfons Perfon or Perfons in Great Britain or Ireland, exporting fhall upon any Pretence whatfoever, load or put on board, or cauie to be loaded or put on board anci Siii, Ma. of any Ship, Vefiel or Boat, which fhall not be nufaflures, bound diredly to fome Port or Place in Great forfeit Tools Britain or Ireland, or to fome other of theand 200 *• Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain, any fuch Tools or Utenfils as are commonly ufed in, or are proper for the preparing, working up, or finifhing of the Woollen or Silk Manufadures, or any or either of them, or any Parts or Parcels of fuch Tools or Utenfils by what Name or Names fuch Tools or Utenfils (hall or may be called dr known: The Offender or Offenders N 4	fhall

182

Captains of Veffels permitting fcch Utenfils to be pat on Board forfeit jeol. &C.

Artificers going into foreign Parts apd not returning after

Wanting.

Extraits from the Penal Laws. fliall, on Conviftion, not only forfeit and lofe all fuch Tools or Utenfils, or Parts or Parcels there' of, which fliall be fo loaded or put on board as aforefaid, but alfo the Sum of 200 /. to be recovered by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information. And the Officers of the Cuftoms are by this Aft impowered to feize fuch Tools, (3c.

And Captains or Matters of Ships permitting fuch Tools or Utenfils to be put on board, forfeit 100/. to be recovered in like Manner; and if the Ship belongs to his Majefty, then the faid Captain or Matter fliall moreover forfeit his Employment, and be difqualjfied from holding any other Employment under his Majefty, his Heirs or Succeflbrs.

And by 5 Geo. 1. c. 27. f. 3. It is enafted. That from and after the ift of May 1759, any fuch Artificer or Manufacturer as aforefaid, going into a foreign Country, there to exercife his Trade, and not returning in fix Months after Warning given him by his Majefty’s Ambaf-fador, Envoy, Refident, Minifter, Conful, or Secretary of State, fliall be incapable of taking any Legacy, (3c. forfeit all his Lands, (3c. and be deemed an Alien.

By this Aft Seducers forfeit 100/. and three Months Imprifonment.

C H A Pj

ExtraSis from the Penal Lam.



CHAP. XXXIX.

ExtraSls from 32 Geo. 2. relating to Cam-bricks and French Lawns.

BY this Statute it is enafted, That in Cafe any Perfon or Perfons fhali after the ift of Augufi 1759 fell, offer or expofe to Sale, or have in his, her or their Cuftody for thatGom,‘ Purpofe, any Cambricks or French Lawns, (other'*^0^ j? ^ than in fuch Warehoufe, as fhali be approved of ,n p'rjvate by the Commiflloners,) the fame fhali be for- Poffeffion, feited, and (hall be liable to be fearched for, and feized in like Manner as other prohibited andmay be feized uncuftomed Goods are, and every fuch Perfon™do°ffender fhali alfo forfeit zoo I over and above all other °00°[ Penalties and Forfeitures by any former Aft.

And if any Doubts or Queftions (hall arifeDoubtspifing with Refpeft to the Species or Quality of the'?"”™”^ faid Goods, feized by Virtue of this Aft, or Quality, Stc/ where the fame were manufaftured, the Proor fhali lie on the Owner, and not upon the Pro-fecutor.

And by 18 Geo. 2. c. 36. Perfons wearing any Cambrick or French Lawn, forfeit 5/. to the Informer on Conviftion before one Jufticg of the Peace. Information to be made within fix Days.

CHAP.

184

ExlraBs from the Penal Laws.

CHAP. XL.

Extracts from 25 Geo. 2. c. 36. for regulating Places of public Entertainment within twenty Miles of London ; and for punifi-ing Perfons keeping diforderly Houjes.

£!)«$ tcmaeftnble ate tbe of tlje gamble to tin's Statute*

W

HEREA:S the Multitude of Places of Entertainment for the lower Sort

Uniiccnfed j Places of public

Entertain- of People, is a great Caufe of Thefts and Robbe-ment, deemed ries, as they are thereby tempted to fpend their fmall Subftance in riotous Pleafures, and in Con-fequence are put on unlawful Methods of fup-plying their Wants and renewing their Pleafures: Be it enacted. That any Houfe, Room, Garden or other Place, kept for public Dancing, Mufick or other public Entertainment of the like kind, in the Cities of London or Wejlmjnjier, or within 20 Miles thereof, without a Licence had for that Purpofe, from the Michaelmas Quarter-Seffions, under the Hands and Seals of four or more of the Juftices there affembled, lhall be deemed a Perfons keep- diforderly Houfe or Place; and the Perfon or «ig the fame, perfons keeping the fame, lhall forfeit loo k and °reit 100 ‘ be otherwife punifliable as the Law direfts, in Cafes of diforderly Houfes.

Conliables II. And it lhall and may be lawful to and for may feize any Conftable, or other Perfon being thereunto dicrrin f°Un^ authorized by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one or more Juftices of the Peace, to enter

fuch

ExtraBi from the Penal Lam.	i8S

fuch Houfe or Place, and to feize eveiy Perfon who fhall be found therein, in order that they may be dealt with according to Law.

III.	That in Order to give public Notice what Licenfed

Places are licenfed purfuant to this Ad, there Places to have fhall be affixed and kept up in fomc notorious o"ejn(k"ption Place over the Door or Entrance or every fuch r em’ Houfe, Room, Garden or other Place, kept for ^ ^	^

any of the faid Purpofes, and fo licenied as afore- 0pene(j before faid, an Infcription in large Capital Letters in Five in the the Words following, viz. LICENSED PUR-Evening. SUANT TO ACT OF PARLIAMENT

OF THE TWENTY FIFTH OF KING GEORGE THE SECOND; and that no fuch Place (hall be opened before Five o’Clock in the 9n Breacl1 Afternoon; on Breach of either of the above ConddoM *** Conditions, the Licence (hall be forfeited, and Licence to’be fhall not be renewed.	revoked.

IV.	No Aftion fhall be brought by Virtue of p . this Aft, unlefs the fame fhall be commenced be°wTthSn within fix Months after the Offence committed. Months.

Obs. the very fevere Penalty of this Law Jhduld make Perfons cautious how they fuffer Weekly Hops and Mufick Meetings in their. Houfes, as it is not only productive of great Mifchief to Society, but mujl ruin the Keeper of fuch Houfe, whpfe Gain on thefe Occafions is but trifling, and the Hazardgreat. .

CHAP.

i§6

Ext rafts from the Penal Laws.

CHAP. XLI.

Extra fts from io Geo. 2. c. 28. relative to the afting Plays, &c. without Authority.

Perfons afting j, 'TpHIS Aft enafts. That every Perfon, who

Plac« where ^ fta11 for Hire’ Gain or Reward> aft> they have no reprefent or perform, or caufe to be afted, resettlement, or prefented or performed, any Interlude, Tragedy, without Comedy, Opera, Play, Farce or other Enter-Authority, tainment of the Stage, or any Part or Parts therein, in cafe fuch Perfon fhall not have any legal Settlement in the Place where the fame lhall be afted, reprefented or performed, without Autho-to be J-wi nty by virtue of Letters Patent, or Licence from Vagabonds/ Lord Chamberlain, lhall be deemed to be a Rogue and Vagabond.

II.	That if any Perfon, having or not having a legal Settlement as aforefaid, lhall, without fuch Authority or Licence as aforefaid, aft, reprefent or perform, or caufe to be afted, or reprefented or performed, for Hire, Gain, or Reward, any Interlude, Tragedy, Comedy, Opera, Play, Farce or other Entertainment of the Stage, ami forfeit or any part or parts therein, every fuch Perfon 50 ’ lhall, for every fuch Offence forfeit 501.

Perfons afting III. That if any Interlude, Tragedy, Comedy, in public Opera, Play, Farce or other Entertainment of Hoafes, in- the Stage, or any Aft, Scene, or Part thereof, duded in this ^ a(^e(j5 reprefented or performed, in- any Houfe or Place where Wine, Ale, Beer or other Liquors, lhall be fold or retailed, the fame lhall be deemed to be afted, reprefented and performed, for Gain, Hire and Reward.

IV.

Ext rafts jrom the Penal Lam.	187

tV. The Profecution to commence within fix Profecution fo Months after the Offence committed.

Obs. Spouting Clubs, fo frequent in this Town, g:°"jins‘ certainly come within the Intent and Meaning fi/ciub*. ' this Alt.

CHAP. XLII.

Extra fts from 2 9 Geo. 2. for the better Regulation of the Parifh of Marybone.

I.	'"pHIS Aft enafts. That the * Committee, Polls to be 1 or any five of them, fhall order to be ei-edted for erefted, in that Part of the Parifh where thefi)tlns LamP}' Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other Places, are already, or fhall hereafter be paved, Stone or Wooden Pedeftals, or Pofts of eight Feet in Height, to range with the Pofts in the Streets and other Places, where the Breadth of the Streets and other Places will admit of it, or elfe upon the Walls of the feveral Houfes or Buildings, at any Diftance not exceeding 50 Feet from each other 5 and to agree with Perfons to fix Lamps perfons t0|,e thereon, which are to be kept burning from Sun- contrafted fetting till Sun-riling throughout the Year. And witil for if any Perfon fhall break or extinguifh any fuch Lamps, or damage the Pedeftals, Pofts or Fur- mps‘ niture thereof, he fhall forfeit 40 s. for every Penalty of fuch Offence ; and for Non-payment be com-breaking

mittedthem*

* Committee of 20 fubftantial and difcreet Parifhioners is appointed on Tuefday in Eafter Week annually, who, together with the Churchwardens and Overfeers for the Time being, We to fee this Aft put in Execution.

i8S

Extracts from the Penal Lawsi mitted for one Month, unlefs the faid Forfeiture fhali be fooner paid.

Parifhioncrsto II. The Parilhioners are to meet on the 29th meet on 0f September annually, to make a Pound Rate and ’on Pylons inhabiting in the feveral Streets, ^•e Lanes, &c. where the faid Lamps are or fhali be Lamps. erected; except fuch Perfons as fhali put up Lamps at their refpeiflive Houfes or Builings at Perfons put- t},e;r own £Xpence, and caufe them to be lighted ungup ampa from Sun-fetting to Sun-riling, and who lhall give Notice of fuch their Intention to the Veftry-Clerk, in Writing, to be left at his Dwelling-Houfe, at lead 21 Days before the 29th of Sep-

at tneir own Expence exempted Penalty on

neglecting to iem^er year]y. ancj jn cafe any Perfon, after gi-

keep Lamps lighted.

Committee, upon Com-

ving fuch Notice, fhali negleft to put up fuch Lamp, or to keep the fame lighted as aforefaid, he lhall forfeit 2for each Night’s Default.

III.	The faid Committee, on Complaint to. them made, that any Part of the Pavement of

plaint to them tjje fajj parifh is not kept in Repair, are to view ™e Pave-Vie'V Condition of fuch Pavement, and give No-ments, and tice in Writing, ligned by three of the faid Corn-make Orders mittee, to the Perfon who ought to repair fuch concerning Pavement, to repair the fame in the manner in t e me, &c.	directed. ancj jn cafe PjCh Perfon lhall

not, within 14 Days after fuch Notice given, well and fufficiently repair the fame, the Committee may caufe fuch Pavement to be repaired, and the expence lhall be defrayed by the Perfon guilty of fuch Neglect -, and fuch Perfon lhall, for every fuch Negledt, forfeit 20 s. a Week for every Perch or Rod, till the fame be repaired.

IV.	No Perfon whatfoever (hall lay or caufe to be laid, any Allies, Dull, Dirt, or other Filth or Annoyance in any paved Street, Square, Lane, Court, Alley, Market or open Palfage, within

the

Perfons throwing Allies, &c. in the Streets, Scz.

Ext rafts from the Penal LansSs.	189

the faid Pariih, before his own Dwelling-Houfe,

Stable, Building or Wall, or thofe of others, . 1 but fhall keep the fame in their refpeCtive Houfes or Yards until fuch' Time as the Perfons contracted with to cleanfe the Streets {which they are required to do twice a Week) do come with their Carts; and (hall then carry out the faid Allies, tic. and deliver the fame to the Perfons fo contracted with, on Pain of forfeiting, for every Of- Phi. fence, any Sum not exceeding 10 s.	y‘

V.	No Perfon fhall throw out any Dung, Soil Upon Com* or Rubbilh into any Street, Square, Lane, Court, Plaint of Alley, Market or other Pafiage, or fet out or N^fance or lay any Coach, Cart, Dray or Waggon, Wheels,nentkdie Timber or Stones, that fhall or may obltruCt the Streets, paffing or repairing of any Perfon or Carriage whatfoever, and no Polls, or Rails fhall be erected, fixed or fet up, in or crofs the Footways or Streets, nor the paving of the faid Footways or

Streets raifed above the paving adjoining; and the Committee, on any Complaint made to Committee to them of any fuch Nuifance or Encroachment, are gjve Notice to view the fame, and give Notice in Writing to thereof to the the -Perfon fo offending, to remove fuch Nuifance Offender,

or Encroachment; and if fuch Perfon fhall not,who 13!°re*

*	*	trinVC toe

within fix Days after fuch Notice given, remove fame> or the the fame, the Committee may caufe the fame to Expence be removed, and the Expence thereof fliall be thereof to bo ■ defrayed by the Perfon guilty of fuch NegleCl, levje;l o.n who fhall forfeit 5 s. for every fuch NegleCl; and t0 or wt alfo 5 s. for every Day during the Continuance and ; a per of fuch Nuifance or Encroachment.	Diem.

VI.	No Perfon fhall breed, feed or keep any No Swine to fort or manner of Swine, within 100 Feet of be bred any Part of the Houfes, Yards or Backfides of certain'Dif-* the Streets* Lanes, Pafifages, or Alleys, where tance of the

the

190	MxtraSls	from	the Penal Laieii

Hoofe, or the Houfes are contiguous; nor fuffer any to fnfiered aboat g0 about the Streets, Lanes, Paffages or Alleys on Pain of’	j upon Pan of forfeiting the fame to

Forfeiture. the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor, for the Ufe of the Poor: and any of the Search may Churchwardens, Overfeers of the Poor, Confta-be made for bles or Beadles of the faid Patifti, by Warrant the feme, from one Juftice, may fearch in the Day Time for the finding of fuch Swine, and may take and and Sale made drive away the fame, and fell for the beft Price thereof. that can be had, and the Money thereby produced, to be applied to the Ufe of the Poor. Fiflitious VII. If any Perfon fhall, without the Privity Dnfaum to Confent of the Owner, take away any commi . Qjj or Aftes, not being a real or proper Agent or Servant to the Perfon contrafting with the faid Committee, he fhall be committed to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month.

Penalty on VIII. If any Perfon fhall put or call any farfNi ht^"	out	of any Cart, Tub or otherwife.

Solin'any ’n or near ^7 °f the Streets, Squares, Lanes, of the Streets, Alleys or Ways in the faid Parifh, he fhall be committed for any Time not exceeding one Month and any Watchman may apprehend fuch Offender, and carry him to the Watch-Houfe. Committee And the Committee aforefaid may order 20 s. to be paid to the Perfon who fhall deteft any fuch orfs'ngthe ^en^er> on Conviftion, out of the Rates for Offender.6 cleanfing the Streets and Repairing the High' ways.

CHAP.

Extratfs from the Penal Laws.	191

CHAP. XLIII.

ExtraBs from 8 Geo. 2. relating to Lincoln’s Inn Fields.

I.	rTP HIS Law enafts, That if any Perfori Penalty on I (hall in any-wife annoy the faid Fields, Perforl5 an' .Houfes, Buildings, Walls, Ground or Soil, by jr'ieJd'i’or * any Filth, Dung, Alhes or Rubbilh, the Truf- Houfes, tees, their Servants and Agents, or the Proprietors, Owners and Inhabitants, may apprehend and carry fuch Offenders before a Juftice of the to be levied Peace; and every fuch Offender (hall, for every by Diftrefe> fuch Offence, forfeit 20 s. over and above the Expences of fuch Profecution •, to be levied by mitted tiu ^ Diftrefs and Sale, and be committed till he lhall Annoyance remove the faid Annoyance.	be removed.

II.	Perfons making or continuing Encroachments in or upon the faid Fields, or any Partpen?ty,on thereof, forfeit 50 /. over and above all Cofts,

Damages* Charges and Expences happening or croacbmentj, to be occafioned thereby, or by the removing or carrying away fuch Encroachment, to be recovered as aforefaid.

III.	And if any loofe, idle or diforderly Per- Penalty on fon or Perfons, (hall affemble or ufe any Sport unlawful

or Sports; or if any Perfon (hall ride or air any Affemblin or Horfe in the faid Fields or any Part thereof, or yP°rrf“’

(hall remove or caufe to be removed, break through or get over all or any Part of the Fence or Inclofure; every fuch Offender, being con-vifted as aforefaid, (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence 40 s. to be recovered as aforefaid; and in Default of Payment to be committed to h^rd Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month.

O	C	I	I	A	P.

192

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

CHAP. XLIV.

Extracts from 30 Geo. 2. c. 24. relating to Per join pawning Goods without the Con-j'ait of the Owner, and for the Regulation of Pawnbnkers.

Pawning I. ‘"jp HIS Adi: enafts, That if any Perfon Goods will.- J fhai] knowingly and defignedly pawn from^h'e01'7 or exc^ange’ or unlawfully difpofe of the Goods Owner. or Chattels of any other Perfon, not being employed or authorised by the Owner thereof fo to do, lhall for every fuch Offence forfeit 20 s. or be committed to the Houfe of Correftion to hard Labour for 14 Days, unlefs the faid Forfeiture lhail be fooner paid ; and if within three Days before the Expiration of the faid 14 Days, the faid Forfeiture lhall not have been paid, fuch Offender, on Application from the Profecutor, lhall be publickly whipt in the Houfe of Correftion, or in forr.e open public Place of the City, Riding, &c. wherein the Offence was committed; and the faid refpeftive Forfeitures, when recovered, lhall be applied towards making Satisfaction to the Parties injured, and defraying the Colls of the Profecution; if declined, to go to the Poor of the Parilh. See the Claufe.

Goods	II. That every Perfon who lhall take by way

pawned to be of	pledge

or Exchange, of or from any Book with Utc Ferfon, any Goods or Chattels of what Kind fo-Money lent ever, lhall forthwith enter, or caufe to be entered thereon, and in a fair or regular Manner, in a Book or Books the Name, t0	kept for t}jat purp0fCj a Defcription of

Owner1116	‘"uc^ Goods and Chattels, and alfo the Sum of

Money

ExfraBs from the Penal Laws'.

Money advanced or paid thereon, with the Day of the Month and the Year on which, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Perlbn by whom fuch Goods or Chattels were fo pawned, pledged or exchanged, and alfo the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner thereof, according to the Information of the Perlbn pawning Duplicate, or pledging or exchanging the fame ; and (hall at the fame Time give a Duplicate or Copy thereof to the Perfon fo pawning, pledging or exchanging the faid Goods or Chattels, if required ; and on Payment of one Halfpenny for the fame, on Goods and Chattels pawned for lefs than 20 s. and One Penny on Goods and 1 Chattels pawned for 20 s. and not more than 51, and 2 d. on Goods and Chattels pawned for

a larger Sum, and no more, on Pain of forfeit- „ ,

D,	Penalty.

Mg 5 h	3

Obs. It is recommended to all Perfons who fledge Goods of any Kind to take Duplicates, as they will find many Conveniencies and Advantages from fo doing, as the remaining Part of the Aft will Jhew.

III.	That if it fhall appear to any Juftice, Where Goods that any Goods or Chattels fo pawned are be- Pa^ned come or have been rendered of lefs Value than thro’* N^gleft the fame were at the Time of pawning or of Pawn-pledging thereof, by or through the Default, broker. Negleft or wilful Misbehaviour of the Perfon

to whom the fame were fo pledged or pawned, fuch Juftice may allow or award a reafonable Satisfaftion to the Owner, in Refpeft of fuch Damage.

IV.	That if any Perfon fhall knowingly buy, T»king In or take in as a Pledge, any Linen or Apparel, Llne.n.cr A.f’i

• in n	1	Dr. 1	nr	•	’	pare! intruded

m Trull to any other Perlon to wadi, fcour, non, ,0 nrhers ,0 O 2	mend	wath or uitod.

194-	ExtraBs from the Penal Laics.

mend or make up, he (hall forfeit double the Sum given for or lent on the fame; and (hall likewife be obliged to reftore the faid Goods to the Owner.

Peifons offer- V. That in cafe any Perfon, who (hall offer mg Goods, by way 0f Pawn, Pledge, Exchange, or Sale, Coof ^'.-\ccoant any Goods or Chattels, (hall not be able, or (hall of themfeives refufe to give a fatisfaftory Account of him or may be herfelf, or of the Means by which he or (he be-deai.-.fd and catne poffeffed thereof; or if there (hall be any ot^er Rea^on t0 fufpeft that fuch Goods or ju. ice. Chattels are llolen, or otherwife illegally or clan-deftinely obtained, the Perfon to whom fuch Goods or Chattels (hall be fo offered, may feize and detain fuch Perfon and the faid Goods and Chattels, and deliver them into the Cuftody of a Conftable, in Order to their being conveyed before a Magiftrate.

Obs. Where there is fujficient Catife of Sufpicion for Pawnbrokers to flop Goods, they Jhall always, if pofible, flop the Party ; as the contrary will appear to the Difadventage of the Pawnbroker. Penon <3e- VI. That in Cafe fuch Goods or Chattels, fo taming Party feized and detained as aforefaid, (hall afterwards and Goods, appear to be the Property of the Perfon who IE'-emw,e ‘ offered the fame to be pawned, pledged, exchanged or fold i or that fuch Perfon was authorized by the Owner thereof to pawn, pledge, exchange or fell the fame, the Perfon who (hall fo feize and detain the Party who offered fuch Goods or Chattels, (hall be indemnified for having fo done.

J oKice open VII. That if the Owner of any Goods or Ownertotf- Chattels unlawfully pawned, pledged or ex-fae Warrant, changed, (hall make it appear to the Satisfaction «feaich the of a Juftice of the Peace, that fuch Goods or

Chattels

Ext rafts from the Penal Laivs.	195

Chattels were unlawfully obtained or taken from fufpefitd Per-him, and that there is juft Caufe to fai'peft thatfon’5 Houfe< any Perl'on hath knowingly and unlawfully taken the fame to Pawn, or by way of Pledge, or in Exchange, without the Privity of, or Authority from, fuch Owner, fuch Juftice may iffue his Warrant to fearch in the Day-time the Houle,

Warehoufe or other Place of fuch fufpedted Perfon; and if fuch fufpedted Perl'on lhall re-0n Refufal of fufe, on Requeft made, to open the fame, and Aaaimanfc permit the fame to be fearched, it (hall be lawful for the Officer to break open fuch Houfe, poor. Warehoufe or other Place, and to fearch as he fhall think fit therein, for the Goods or Chattels fufpefted to be there, doing no wilful Damage; and if any Perl’on (hall oppofe or hinder any Perfons hin-fuch Search, every Perl'on offending in the Pre- dering Search, miffes (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence 5 /.forfeit 5 '• and if fuch Forfeiture be not paid down within 24 Hours, fuch Offender fhall be committedor t0 be to the Houfe of Correction, there to be keptcommuteiii to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month, nor lefs than five Days •, unlefs in the mean Time fuch Forfeiture lhall be paid: and if upon Search of the Houfe, Warehoufe or other Place, any of the Goods or Chattels which Goods found lhall have been fo knowingly pawned, pledgedt0 be reftored' or exchanged, as aforefaid, lhall be found, and the Property of the Owner from whom the fame (hall have been unlawfully obtained or taken, fhall be made out to the Satisfaction of fuch Juftice, he lhall caufe the fame to be forthwith re-ftored to the Owner thereof.

VIII. That if any Goods or Chattels fhall be Goods pawn-pawned or pledged for fecuring any Money lentct* *°ra Sam thereon, not exceeding in the whole the principal	JJ1®

O 3	Sum

196

recovered within two Years.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Sum of sol. and the Intereft thereof; and if within r« o Years after die pawning or pledging thereof, Proor of the fame having been mace by the Oath of one or more credible Witnefies, or by producing the Duplicate cf the Entry directed to be given by this Act as aforefiud,. any fuch Pawner who was the real Owner of fuch Goods or Chattels at the Time of pawning or pledging thereof, his Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns, lhaii tender unto the Perfon who lent on the Security of fuch Goods or Chattels, his Executors, fstc. the principal Money borrowed thereon, and all Intereft due for the fame, together with fuch Charges for the Warehoufe Room of fuch Goods or Chattels, as lhall be 3greed on at the Time of pawning the fame; and tr.e Perfon who took fuch Goods or Chattels in Pawn, lhall refufe to deliver back the fame ; any Juftice may order fuch Goods or Chattels to be forthwith delivered to the Pawner thereof; And if the Perfon to whom fuch Goods or Chattels were pawned, lhall negleft or refufe to deliver up or make Satisfaction for the fame, fuch Juftice may commit the Offender to the Houfe of Correftion, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until fuch Goods or Chattels lhall be delivered up, or Satisfaction or Compenfation made for the Value thereof.

Obs. Nctwillflanding this excellent Provijion, the good Intention cf the Legiflature is f ill defeated, by the Pawnbrokers requiring Bills of Sale of their Cujinrers, end feme Times, for a very fhort Time, which, as it has more the appearance of taking the Advantage cf the unwary than any Thing elfe, no Pawnbroker floould, on any Account whatever, de-Jtrc, induce or perfuade, any Cujlomer to give a Bill

197

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws, of Sale of Goods tinder the Value of 101. Indeed,

•when they lend larger Sums, a Bill of Sale may then be proper; but even then it jheuld not be made for lefs than 12 Months, unkfs the Goods arc pe-rifltabk. But for fmall Sums, the Parly had much better fell the Goods at firft, than pawn them, and give a Bill of Sale, as in all Probability they -will then be in a better Stale, and fetch more.

Perhaps the Pawnbroker may fay, that thefe Bills of Sale for Goods pledged for lefs than 10 1. are lawful-, but fire he can never fay they are equitable, or in any Ref peel agreeable to the Intention of the law itfelf-, and fhotdd they continue this Practice, it may pofftbly beget fame new Claufe to provide againft it.

IX.	That if the Pawn or Pledge of Goods Goods rear Chattels (hall remain unredeemed, for £he "’ae!"^uJlrc-Space of two Years, then every fuch Pawn or, yCars °r Pledge (hall be forfeited •, and the Perfon to forfeited, and whom fuch Goods or Chattels have been pawned may be fold, or pledged, may fell the fame •, fubjedt, never-

thelefs, to account for the Overplus of the Produce of all fuch Goods or Chattels,

X.	Provided that every Perfon, to whom any Entry to be Goods or Chattels fhall have been pawned or ma‘if of.Sa^3 pledged, fhall enter in a Book, to be kept for p‘aw°.^or that Purpole, a true and juft Account of the Sale 2 j nf 1!p. of all Goods and Chattels pawned tor 2 I. or up- wards, wards, expreffing the Day when the Money for

which, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon buying the fame-, and in cafe ary fuch Goods or Effects fhall be fold for mt.:e than the principal Money with intereft ami the Charge of Warehoufe Room due thereon at me Time of fuch Saie, the Overplus (hail by every fuch Perfon be paid on Demand to the Perfon

o +	by

jqS	Extracts	from the Penal Laws,

by or on whofe Account fuch Goods or Chattels were pawned, his or her Executors, Adminiftra-tors or Affigns, who may infpeft the Entry of fuch Sale, on paying the Sum of i d. and no more; and in cafe any Perfon lhall refufe to permit fuch Infpeftion, or in cafe the Goods or Ehefts were fold for more than the Sum entered in any fuch Book •, or if any fuch Perfon (hall not make fuch Entry, or lhall not have, bona fide, fold the Goods or Chattels for the belt Price that lie or Ihe might have got for the fame, without his or her wilful Default; or lhall refufe to pay fuch Overplus on Demand, every fuch Perfon fo offending ffiall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit treble the Value of fuch Qoods and Chattels to the Perfon by whom or on whofe Account fuch Goods and Chattels were pawned.

Sammor.fe XI. Provided always, That no Fee or Gratuity and Warrants whatfoever lhall be had, taken or received, for rithoutTec anf Summons or Warrant granted by any Jultice of the Peace in any of the aforefaid Cafes.

Obs. Befides the Restraints laid upon the Pawnbrokers by this Act, the reputable Part of them agreed, for the more eafy detection of Frauds and Felonies, to obferve fcveral Rules that have been recommended to them, which the Reader may find at the End of the Ex trails.

CHAP.

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws, ■

199.

CHAP. XLV,

Extracts from 32 Geo. 2. relative to the Duty upon Licences to be taken out by certain Dealers in Gold and Silver Plate; and alfo a Duty upon Licences to be taken out by Pawnbrokers dealing in Gold or Silver Plate, and Refiners of Gold or Silver,

I,	'“IP HIS Aft enafts, That no Perfon fliall WhatQuan-1 either publicly or privately, by himfelf tity of Gold or others, trade in, vend or fell any Piece of°*a,,vc!' Plate or Goods or any Ware in which the th* Quantity of Gold fhall be of the Weight of Traders in or two Ounces or upwards, or in which the Quan- Venders tity of Silver fliall be of the Weight of 30 thereof>t0 Ounces or upwards, unlefs he fhall have firft ^a paid a Duty of 5 /. for a Licence, which fliall have been taken out in the Manner required by 31 Geo. 2. c. 32. viz. If fucb Licences be taken The Manner out in London, Weftminfter or any other Parts ° lL'ikc.0*1 within the Limits or Jurifdiflion of the Chief Office of Excife in London, then fuch Licences fhall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of his Majefty's Commiffioners for the Duty of Excife for the Lime being; and the Duly for the fame fhall be paid at the chief Office of Ex-' cife in London, or at any other Place, and to fucb Perfons as the faid Commiffioners fhall appoint to deliver out fuch Licences, and to receive the faid Duty ; but if fucb Licences Jhall be taken out without Ihe Limits aforefaid, then fuch Licences Jhall be

granted

2C0

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

granted under the Hands and Seals of the feveral Collectors and Supervifors of Excife within their re-fpeCHve Collections and Diftricts, and the Duty for the fame fall be paid at the Office of Excife next adjoining to the Place where they refpectively refide or inhabit, or at any other Place, and to fucb Per-fons as his Majefiy's Commiffioners of Excife fall appoint to deliver cut fuch Licences, and to receive the Licence to be faid Duty. And every P erf on who.fhall take out renewed any fucb Licence, is required to take out a frefh Li-yeariy. (encg ,gn jyayS at before the Expiration of twelve Calendar Months after the taking out the fir ft Licence, before he do prefume to Trade in, vend or fell any Gold or Silver Plate, and in the fame .ft fanner to renew every fuch Licence yearly. And ~'l Penalt • ^ any Perf°n fhall prefume or offer to trade in, for not taking ven<^ or fell, any fuch Piece of Plate or Goods, oot fuch Li- or any fuch Ware as aforefaid, without firfl ta-cence, and king out a Licence for which the faid Duty of renewing the ^ /_ {kail have been paid, and renewing the ame) ear y. jame Ljcencej ancj making the like Payment yearly, he (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence 201.

Pawnbrokers {[. jf any Pawnbroker fhall prefume or offer of Gold "and t0 tra<^e 'n’ ven(l or feH> any Gold or Silver Silver to take PlatG or any Goods or Wares in which any outaLicence,Gold or Silver is, or (hall be manufactured; or and renew the if any Perfon fhall prefume or offer to ufe or fame yearly; pra&jfe tke Trade or Bu fin sis of a Refiner of Gold or Silver, and fuch Pawnbroker or Perfon refpeftively, fhall not have firfl taken out a Licence, for which the faid Duty of 51, fhall have been paid, or fhall not have renewed the fame on Penalty of Licence, and made fuch Payment yearly as afore-forfeiting 20I. faid, he fhall forfeit 201, for every fuch Offence.

III.

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.	201

III. Perfons in Partnerfhip, and carrying on Perfons in their Trade or Bufinefs in one Houle Shop or Partn«fln'p Tenement only, (hail not be obliged to take out 00 more than one Licence in any one Year for the Houfe onlyT carrying on fuch Trade or Bufinefs: And that&c. not liable no Licence that fhali be granted by virtue of thist0 take out Adi, fhali authorize or impower any Perfon to1"011:^311 whom the fame may be granted, and who fhali °ne ,ceDee' fell or vend fuch Gold or Silver Plate in any Licence to other Shop or Place, except in fuch Houfes J},,ve but one or Places thereunto belonging, wherein they H°^°r fhali inhabit and dwell at the Time of granting Booths and fuch Licence, or in Booths or Stalls at Fairs or Stalls at Fairs Markets.	or	Markets,

excepted.

CHAP. XLVI.

ExtraBs jrm 9 Sc io W. 3. c. 28. f. 2. and 27 Geo. 2. c. 7. relating to Watchmakers and their Journeymen.

I. T>Y the above Statute of W. 3. it is enadled,

JDj That no Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, fhali export or fend, or endeavour to export or fend, out of this Kingdom of England,

Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, any outward or inward Box, Cafe or Dial-Plate of Gold, Silver, Brafs or other ^?.Cpfeor Metal for Clock or Watch, without the Move-&“foraJgC;: ment in or with every fuch Box, Cafe or Dial-or Watch, Plate, made ur ilt for Uie, with the Clock or fhali be ex-

Watchmaker’s Name engraved thereon > or ported with.

°	a.	11	outtheMove-

111111 *ent,&e.

202	Extrafis	from the Penal Laws.

I nker’s fhall make up, or caufe to be made up, any ^ar.-,= lai Clock or Watch without engraving or putting, fff. or caufing to be engraved or put, his or her PrVri-sr.-., to own Name and Place of Abode or Freedom, be craved and no other Name or Place, on every Clock cn Ciocks and or Watch, he or Ihe (hall fo make up, or caufe i-vatc t0 ^ ijjade Up5 under the Penalty of forfeiting every fuch empty Box, Cafe and Dial-Plate, Clock and Watch not made up and engraved as aforefaid; and alfo for each Offence the Ptaalty. Sum of 20 /. to be recovered by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majefty’s Courts of Record.

Obs. The Manner of recovering the above Penalty will always -prevent the Execution of this Law, fo necejfary to preferve the Credit of that Trade both at Home and Abroad; but it is apprehended, if the Offence was to be heard in a fummary Way before one or more Juftices of the Peace, and the Penalty to be raifed by Warrant of Biftrefs, it would recover the Utility of the AS ; but the great Expence of Suits in the Courts of Juftice at prefent reduces all Penal Laws, however ufeful in tbemfelves, to a mere dead Letter.

ewiffioTof I[- And bf ,the Statute of 27 Geo- 2- “ is

Fraods com- enaSed, That if any Perfon or Perfons whatfo-

mitted by Per- ever, who Ihall be hired or employed by any Per-fijnsemployed fon or perfons pra&ifing the Trade or Trades of feaore'ofim" Clock-making or Watch-making, or any Part Clocks and or Branch, or Parts or Branches, of fuch Trade Washes. or Trades, to make, finifh, alter, repair or clean, any Clock or Clocks, Watch or Watches, or any Part or Parts of a Clock or Clocks, Watch or Watches, or be intrufted by any Perfon or Perfons

203

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

fons pradtifing the faid Trade or Trades, with any Gold, Silver or other Metal or Materials to be, or that lhall be, in the whole or in Part wrought, or manufactured for any Part or Parts of a Clock or Clocks, Watch or Watches, or any Diamond or other precious Stone to be, or that lhall be fet or fixed in or about any Clock or Clocks, Watch or Watches, lhall purloin, imbezzil, fecrete, fell, pawn, exchange or other-wile unlawfully difpofe of, any Clock or Watch, or any Part or Parts of any Clock or Watch, or any Gold, Silver or other Metal or Material, or any Part thereof, or any Diamond or other precious Stone, with which fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be intruded by any Perfon or Per-fons praftifing the faid Trade or Trades, and lhall be thereof convi&ed before one Juftice, lhall, for the firft Offence, forfeit 201, or be Firll Offence, committed to hard Labour for the Space of 14 Days, and be publicly whipt if not paid within two Days of the Expiration of that Time and for the fecond or other fubfequent Offence, lhall forfeit 401, or lhall be committed to hard Subfeqaeat Labour, for any Time not exceeding three °®*nce-Months, and not lefs than one Month, unlefs the faid Forfeiture lhall be fooner paid, and be publicly whipt if the faid Penalty be not paid within feven Days before the Expiration of the Time for which fuch Offender lhall be fo committed.

III. And by the fame Statute it is enafted.

That if any Perfon or Perfons 111 all buy, receive, accept, or take by way of Gift, Pawn, Penalty of Pledge, Sale or Exchange, or in any other man- i>uyinf’rece*'

o -	w	‘	j	vine ecc sqt

ner whatfoever, of or from any Perfon or Per- 0f t|’e Good* fons whatfoever, any Clock or Watch, or any or Materials,

Part

2o4	Extracts	from the Penal Laws.

knowing the Part or Parts of a Clock or Watch, or any Gold, fame to be Silver or other Metal or Material as aforefaid, par om . Aether the fame or any Part thereof be or be not wrought or manufaftured, or any Diamond or other precious Stone, which {hall have been intruded with any Perfon hired or employed as aforefaid, by any Perfon or Perfons praftiling the faid Trade or Trades, he, fhe or they fo buying, receiving, accepting or taking any iuch Goods, Materials or Effefts, knowing the fame to be fo purloined or imbeziled, being thereof convi&ed as aforefaid, lhall, for the firft Offence, Firft Offence, forfeit 20 /. or be committed to hard Labour for the Space of 14 Days, unlefs the faid Forfeiture lhall be fooner paid; and if not paid within two Days of the Expiration of the faid 14 Days, {hall be publicly whipt and for a fecond or other Subfequent fa^equent Offence, lhall forfeit 40/. or be com-Offence. mitted in like Manner for a Time not exceeding three Months, and not lefs than one Month; and if the Penalty lhall not be paid within feven Days of the Expiration of the Term, he lhall be publicly whipt as aforefaid, twice or oftner.

Oss. If the above Claufes bad extended to the purloining. See. and receiving. Sec. of Clocks and IVatcbes intruded to Watchmakers or their Journeymen to repair, clean. See. by any Perfons whatever, it would have made this Act of more public Utility.

CHAP.

Extra Els from the Penal Laws, CHAP. XLVII.

205

Extracts relating to the Quartering of Soldiers, &c.

I.|T (hall and may be lawful to and for the Conftables,

I.	Conftables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs,&c- quarter and other Chief Officers, and Magiftrates of ?,fficers Jnd Cities, Towns and Villages, and other Places AIehoufes"M* within England, Wales and the Town of Ber- &c.	*

wick upon "tweed, and in their Default or Ab-fence, for any one Juftice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any fuch City, Town, Village or Place, and for no others •, and fuch Conftables and other Civil Magiftrate as aforefaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in his Majefty’s Service, in Inns, Livery Stables, Ale-houfes, Viftualling-houfes, and the Houfes of Sellers of Wine by Retail to be drank in their ownHoufes or Places thpreunto belonging, and all Houfes of Perfons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder or Methegiin, by Retail, to be drank in Houfes, other than and _ . except the Houfe or Houfes of any Diftillers luiiVrsHoufes” who keep Houfes or Places of diftiiling Brandy or shopkeep.* and Strong Waters, and the Houfe of any Shop- crs, or many keeper, whofe principal Dealings (hall be more PJ'vate in other Goods and Merchandizes, than in Bran- ou cs' dy and Strong Waters (fo as fuch Diftillers and Shopkeepers do not permit or fuftcr Tippling in his or their Houfes) and in no other, and in no private Houfes whatfcever; nor fhall any more Billets any Time be ordered, than there are effeftive Soldiers prefect to be quartered ■, and if any Conftable, Tvthingman or fuch 1	like,

206	Extracts frm the Penal Laws,

Penalty on like Officer or Magiftrate as aforefaid, fhall pre-ConlUbles, fume t0 quarter or billet any fuch Officer or kg Solfors in Soldier in any fuch private Houfe without the private Confent of the Owner or Occupier-, in fuch Honfes, &c. cafe, fuch Owner or Occupier fhall have his or their Remedy at Law againft fuch Magiftrate or Officer, for the Damage that fuch Owner or Occupier fhall fuftain thereby; and if any Mi-Penalty on litary Officer fhall take upon him to quarter Officersquar- Soldiers otherwife than is limited or allowed tenng Soldiers,	or (hall ufe or offer any Mena

contrary to J	„

this AG, i-c. or Compulfion to or upon any Mayors, Con-ftables or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and difcourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed -, fuch Military Officer fhall, for every fuch Offence (being thereof con-vifted before any two or more of the next Juf-tices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of two credible Witneffes) be deemed and taken to be ipfo facto cafhiered, and fhall be utterly dif-abled to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or in his Majefty’s Service , provided the faid Convi&ion be affirmed at the next Quarter-Seffions of the Peace of the faid County, and a Certificate thereof be tranf-mitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the fame to the next Court-Perfons ag- Martial: And in cafe any Perfon fhall find him-griesedbybs-aggrieved, in that fuch Conftable, Tything-cif may^om-man or Headborough, Chief Officer or Magi-plain to any ftrate (fuch Chief Officer or Magiftrate not be-Joflices and ing a Juftice of the Peace) has quartered or bil-be relieved. lcced in his Houle a greater Number of Soldiers than he ought to bear in Proportion to his Neighbours ; and fhall complain thereof to one or

more

4

LxtraHs from the Penal Laws.

more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of the Divifion, Gity or Liberty, whfere fuch Soldiers are quartered ; or in Cafe fuch Chief Officer or Magiftrate (liall be a Juftice of the Peace, then on Complaint made to two or more Juftices of the Peace of fuch Divifion, City or Liberty, fuch Juftices refpeflively fhall have, and have hereby Power to relieve fuch Perfon, by ordering fuch and lo many of the Soldiers to be removed, and quartered upon fuch other Perfon or Perfons, as they fhall fee Caufe •, and fuch other Perfon or Perfons fhall be obliged to receive fuch Soldiers accordingly.

Obs. Peace Officers Jhould he particularly cares ful to billet Soldiers equally on the Houfes in their Divifion, and not let Refentment or Favour influence them in this Part of their Duty, for this would be a fcandalous Breach of Truft -, and in London they fhould take fome Pains to accommodate the Publicans, by billeting fuch Men as want Money-Quarters, on Houfes where Room is fcarce, and thofe who chufe to lye at their Quarters, on Houfes where they can conveniently receive them, taking care to place young Recruits in the mofl reputable Houfes; and as the Soldiers are conftantly endeavouring to impofe, at •well on the Conflable, as the Publican, Care Jbotild be taken not to give out more Billets than there are Men that appear, and anfwer to their Names, and if poffible, the Conflable fhould fhew every Publican the Man that anfwered to the Name contained in the Billet, for they too frequently get Money from different Publicans, by appearing in different Places, and producing Billets in different Names; and Publicans Jhould be cautious of refufing Soldiers Quarters on account of their Mijbehaviour, for in this Cafe they fubjeB themfelves to the Penally of 5 1.

P	whereas

their Prori lions.

208	Extracts	from	the Penal Laves.

•whereas if they complain of a Soldier’s Mifbehaviour, either to his Officer or a Magijlrote, they will be fure of meeting with Rcdrefs.

Officers and II. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby Soldiers to enacted, that the Officers and Soldiers fo quar-[ks'. Rua;“/cr tered and billeted as aforefaid, (hall be received and furnifned with Diet and fmall Beer by the Owners of the Inns, Livery Stables, Ale-houfes, Viftualling-houfes and other Houles in- which they are allowed to be quartered and billeted by this Aft ■, paying and allowing for the fame the feveral Rates herein after-mentioned to be payable out of the Subfiftence Money, for Diet and fmall Beer.

III. Provided always, That in cafe any Innholder or other Perfon on whom any Non-commiffion Officers or Soldiers ffiall be quartered by virtue of this Aft (except on a March, or employed in recruiting; and likewife except the Recruits by them raifed, for the Space of feven Days at moll, for fuch Non-commiffion Officers and Soldiers who are recruiting, and Recruits by them raifed) fhall be defirous to furniffi fuch Non-commiffion Officers or Soldiers with Candles, Vinegar and Salt, and with either fmall Beer or Cyder, not exceeding five Pints for each Man per Diem, gratis, and allow to fuch Non-commiffion Officers or Soldiers the Ufe of Fire, and the necefiary utenfils fordreffing and eating their Meat, and ffiall give Notice of fuch his Defire to the commanding Officer, and ffiall furniffi and allow the fame accordingly; then, and in fuch Cafe, the Non-commiffion Officers and Soldiers fo quartered, ffiall provide their own Viftuals; and the Officer to whom it be-to receive, or that does aftually receive

the

What Innholders may allow Men quartered on them, ir.Head of Meat.

longs

2og

Extracts from the Pena! Laws. the Fay and Subfiftence of fuch Non commiffion Officers and Soldiers, lhall pay the feveral Sums herein after-mentioned, to be payable out of the Subfiftence Money for Diet and Small Beer, to the Non-commiftion Officers and Soldiers afore -faid, and not to the Innholder or other Perfon on whom fuch Non-commiffion Officers and Soldiers are quartered ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enafted by„ .

the Authority aforefaid, that if any Officer lhall officers t"-take, or caufe to be taken, or knowingly fuffer king Money, to be taken, any Money of any Perfon for ex- to excufe the cufing the quartering of Officers or Soldiers, or (luartcnng-any of them, in any Houfe allowed by this Aft, every fuch Offender lhall be cafhiered, and be incapable of ferving in any Military Employment whatfoever.

V.	And whereas great Inconveniences have arifen, and may arife, in fuch Places where Horfe or Dragoons are or may be quartered, by the billeting of the Men and their Horfes at different Houfes, and often at great Diftances from one another, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft; be it therefore enaft-ed by the Authority aforefaid, That in all Places

where Horfe or Dragoons lhall be quartered or Dragoons, billeted, in Purfuance of this Aft, for the fu- &c and their ture the Men and their Horfes fliall be billeted ,t0 be in one and the fame Eloufe (exceot in Cafe of,bl 'V"'1*

..	„	,	,	,	.	.	'	.	lame	Houle.

Neceffity) and that .in no other Cafe whatloever there be lefs than one Man billeted where there lhall be one or two Horfes, nor lefs than two Men where there lhall be four Plorfes, and fo in Proportion, for a greater Number; and in P 2	fuch

210

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

fuch Cafe each Man £hall be billeted as near his Horfe as poflible.

Manner of VI. And whereas fome Doubts have arifen, w^et^er Commanding Officers of any Regiment, ot es‘ Troop or Company, may exchange any Men or Horfes quartered in any Town or Place, with another Man or Horfe quartered in the fame Place, for the Benefk of the Service ; be it declared, and enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That fuch Exchange as above-mentioned may be made by fuch Commanding Officers refpe&ively, provided the Number of Men or Horfes do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on fuch Houfe or Houfes; and the Conftables, Tything-men, Headboroughs and other chief Officers and Magiftrates of the Cities, Towns and Villages, or other Places where any Regiment, Troop or Company lhall be quartered, are hereby required to billet fuch Men and Horfes fo exchanged accordingly.

VII.	And that the Quarters both of Officers and Soldiers in Great Britain and in Jerfey, Guemjey, Alderney and Sark, and the Iflands thereto belonging;'may hereafter be duly paid and fatisfied, and his Majeft^vDuties of Excife better anfwered, be it enacted by the Authority Officer- to a*°refaid. That from and after the faid 24th give Ncuceto Day °f March 1759, every Officer to whom it Innkeepers of belongs to receive, or that does aftually receive, Subfiflence the Pay or Subfiftence Money, either for a whole Money m Regiment or particular Troops and Companies, t eir an s.	fhall	immediately,	upon	each Re-

ceipt of every particular Sum which fhall, from Time to Time, be paid, returned or comexo his or their Hands, on Account of Pay or Subfiftence, give public Notice thereof to all Perfons

keeping

Extracts from the Penal Laws,	21 r

keeping Inns or other Places where Officers or Soldiers are quartered by virtue of this' Aft; and fliall alfo appoint the faid Innkeepers and others to repair to their Quarters, at fuch Times as they fhall appoint for the Diftribution and Payment of the faid Pay or Subfiftence Money to the Officers or Soldiers, which fliall be within, four Days at the far die it after the Receipt of the fame, as aforefaid; and the faid Innkeepers and others fliall then and there acquaint fuch Officer or Officers with the Accounts or Debts (if any fhall be) between them and the Officers and Soldiers fo quartered in their refpeftive Houfes; which Accounts the faid Officer or Officers are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the' fame, before any Part of the faid Pay or Subfiftence be diftributed either to the Officers or Soldiers : Provided the faid Accounts Rates of Subexceed not, for a Commiffion Officer of Horfe, Silence to be being under the Degree of a Captain, for fuchP®"1101,'n' Officer’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem zs. nor for'soldier^-' for one Commiffion Officer of Dragoons, being Quarters, under the Degree of a Captain, for fuch Officer’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, i s. nor for one Commiffion Officer of Foot, under the Degree of a Captain, for fuch Officer’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, 1 s. and if fuch Officer fliall have a Horfe or Horfes, for each Horfe or Horfes, for their Hay and Straw per Diem, 6 d, nor for one Light Horfeman’s Diet and Small.

Beer, per Diem, 6 d. and Hay and Straw for his Horfe, per Diem, 6 d. nor for ope Pragoon’s -Diet and Small Beer, per Diem-,	.and Hay

and Straw for his Horfe, per Diem, 6 d. nor for one Foot Soldier’s Diet and Small Beer, per

Diem, £.d. And if any Officer or Officers, as£e"a^on ■pj	^	c ■ r* * j Officer* not

f 3	^rorefaid*

212

paying S'j

licence

Money,

ExtraBs from the Penal Lavs', aforefaid, lhall not give Notice, as aforefaid, and lhall not immediately, upon producing fuch Account dated, fatisfy, content and pay the lame, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof, by any two Witneffes, at the next Quarter-Seffi-ons for the County or City where fuch Quarters v.ere, (which Oath the Judices of the Peace at fuch SelTions are hereby authorized and required to adminifier), the Paymader or Paymaders of his Majedy’s Guards and Garrilons, and Marines, are hereby required and authorized, (upon Certificate of the faid Judices before whom fuch Oath was made, of the Sum due upon fuch Accounts, and the Perfons to whom the fame is owing) to pay and fatisfy the faid Sums out of the Arrears due to the laid Officer or Officers, upon Penalty that fuch Paymader or Paymaders lhall forfeit their reipeftive Place or Places of Paymader or Paymaders, and be difeharged from holding the fame for the future: And in Cafe there lhall be no Arrears due to the faid Officer or Officers, then the faid Paymader or Paymaders are hereby authorized and required to deduft the Sums he or they lhall pay, purfu-ant to the Certificate of the faid Judices,. out of the next Pay or Subfidence Money of the Regiment to which fuch Officer or Officers lhall belong 2nd fuch Officer or Officers lhall, for every fuch Offence, or for neglefting to give Notice of the Receipt of fuch Pay or Subfidence Money as aforefaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipfo JaUo caffiiered. And where it (hall happen that the Subfidence Money due to any Officer or Soldier lhall, by Occafion of any Accident, not be paid to fuch Officer or Soldier, or fuch Officer or Soldier fliall negleft

to

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.	213

to pay the fame, fo that Quarters cannot be or are not paid, as this Aft direfts; and where any Horfe, Foot or Dragoons, fhall be upon their March, fo that no Subfiilence can then be remitted to them, to make Payment as this Aft d'refts, or they fhall negleft to pay the fame; in every fuch Cafe it is hereby further enafted, on Non-pay.

. That every fuch Officer (hall, before his ormentot'Quar-their Departure out of his or their Quarters,ters. <lie where fuch Regiment, Troop or Company,

(hall remain for any Time whatfoever, make up Accounts &c the Accounts as this Aft direfts, with every ’ Perron with whom fuch Regiment, Troop or Company (hall have quartered, and fign a Certificate thereof, and give the faid Certificate, fo by him figned, to the Party to whom fuch Money is due, with the Name of fuch Regiment,

Troop or Company, to which he or they fhall belong; to the End the faid Certificate may be forthwith tranfmitted to the Pay matter of his Majefty’s Guards and Garrifons, or to the Pay-mailer of the Marines, who are hereby required immediately to make Payment thereof to the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Money fhall be due, to the End the fame may be applied to fuch Regiment, Troop or Company refpeftive-ly •, under Pain as is before in this Aft direfted for Non-payment of Quarters.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That no No Mutter in Commifiary fhall mufter any Regiment, Tloop Wcftminfter, or Company, within the City of IVejiminfter^ce'Presence and Borough of Southwark, and Liberties there- 0f nvo or of, but in the Prefence of two or more Juftices more Juttices, of the Peace, hot being Officers of the Army, under the before-mentioned Penalty ; unlefs fuch Juftices, upon 48 Hours Notice given to fix of P 4	his

214

Extrafts from the Tend Laws. his Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, refiding within the City and Liberties aforefaid refpec-tively, (hall neglect to attend fuch Mutter; and in Cafe of fuch Neglect, fuch Commilfary may proceed to mutter fuch Regiment, Troop or Company : Provided that Oath be made before any of his Majefly’s Juftices of the Peace, within 48 Hours after fuch Mufter taken, that fuch Notice was given to fix Juftices of the Peace, as aforefaid : Which Juftices fo attending are hereby impowered to fign the faid Mufter-Rolls, and to take Cognizance of fuch Mufter, and to examine the Truth thereof, before they fign the fame.

Conftables. IX. And be it further enafted and declared, Src. may b:J- by the Authority aforefaid, That it (hall and fl°UlT,ln may be lawful to and for the High Conftables,

’ Petty Conftables, Headboroughs and Tything-men, within the faid City and Liberties of Wefi-iv.infier and Places adjacent, when thereunto lawfully required, to billet and quarter the Officers arid Soldiers of his Majefty’s faid Regiments of Foot Guards, in fuch Houfes only as by this Aft are limited, in and about the faid City and Liberties of IVeftminfter and Places adjacent Petty Cor.fta- (except the City of London) during theContinu-bles, &c.	ance of this Aft: And when any Order (hall

So'd-rsT	^Tue ^or t^‘e quartering or billeting any Officers

thcir refpcc- or Soldiers within the faid City and Liberties of rive Divifions. tTeftminfier and Places adjacent, the High Cen-:	liable	(hall deliver out precepts to the feveral

Petty Conftables, Headboroughs or Tything-men of each Pariffi, Ward, Hamlet and Dif-trift, within their refpeftive Divifions, to billet and quarter fuch Officers and Soldiers of his Majefty’s Regiments^ of Foot Guards on fuch

Houfes

Extracts from the Venal Laws.	215

Houfes only as by this Aft is limited within his refpeftive Parilh, Hamlet or Diftrift; and fuch Petty .Conftables, Headboroughs and Tything-men, lhall, in Purfuance thereof, billet and quarter every fuch Officer and Soldier in fuch Houfes fo fubjefted thereto by this Aft, equally and proportionably, according to the Number of fuch Officers and Soldiers fo to be billeted and quartered, and of the Houfes fo fubjefted to receive them ; and fuch Officers and Soldiers of the Foot Guards, lhall be quartered within the faid City and Liberties of Wejlminfter, and the Places adjacent, in the fame Manner, and under the fame Regulations, as in other Parts of England, in all Cafes for which particular Provifion is not made by this Aft.

Obs. Pawnbrokers and other Perfons Jhould be particularly careful not to buy or receive the Linen or Regimentals of any Soldier, as this is one great Caufe of Defertion, and has been particularly injurious to the Guards -, and to prevent this Evil it would be right always to have their Linen and Shoes particularly marked.

X.	And for the better preventing Abufes in Conflables, billeting and quartering fuch Officers and Sol-&c, to deliver diers in the faid City and Liberties of Weftmin- Liib at Qoir-fer, and Parts adjacent, be it enafied by ^jn'oath'of Authority aforefaid, That the Petty .Conftables, ^habitants, Headboroughs and Tythingmen of their re-and Soldiers fpeftive Parifhes, Wards, Hamlets and Diflritfls quartered in within the fame, lhall, at every General Quarter- *!“"'f*!5,''' Seffions of the Peace, to be holden for the faid,Ive IV oot’ City and Liberties of Wefminfter and Parts adjacent, make and deliver to the Juftices then in open Seffions affembled, upon Oath (which Oath they the faid Juftices are hereby authorized and

required

2i6	■ ExtraBs from the Penal Laws'.

required to adminifterj true Lifts figned by them refpeftively of all fuch Houfes, together with the Number of all fuch Perfons refpeftively inhabiting the fame, within his or their Parifli, Ward, Hamlet or Diftridt refpeftively, as are fubjeft and liable by this Aft to receive fuch Officers and Soldiers, together with the Number of all fuch Officers and Soldiers as are quartered and billeted in each Houle refpeftively; and fuch Lifts ffiall remain with the Clerk of the Peace of the faid City and Liberties of Wefimin-fscr, to the Intent that all and every Perfon and tobeinipeflcd Perfons ffiall and may be at Liberty to infpeft \s about Fee. the fame without Fee or Reward; and fuch Clerk ffiall forthwith, from Time to Time, make and deliver to every or any Perfon or Per-Copie; of fuch fons who ffiall require the fame, true Copies of Litis to te all and every or any fuch Lifts, upon being paid

wrote by the *	‘

Cierfc, at ; d. per Sheer,

2

taken.

con:a:nirg l co Word.=.

Penalty on Default.

Penalty on giving defective Lift;.

a Sheet for each and every fuch Copies fo each Sheet to be computed at, and contain 150 Words; and if Default or Negleft ffiall be made by any Petty Conftable, Head-borough or Tythingman of any fuch Parifli, Ward, Hamlet or Diftrift, in the delivering ffich Lift to the Juftices at their Quarter-Seffi-ons, as aforefaid ; cr if he or they ffiall fo deliver or caufe to be delivered in, any falfe or detective Lift, not including and fpecifying therein all and every fuch Houle and Houfes fo liable by this Aft to receive fuch Officers and Soldiers, or the Names of all fuch Officers and Soldiers as are quartered and billeted in each Houfe refpeftively ; fuch Petty Conftable, Headborough and Tythingman, or any of them fo offending therein, ffiall, for each fuch Offence, forfeit each the Sum of 5 /. to die Ufe of the Poor of

fiich

2I7

Extracts from the Venal Laws.

uch refpeftive Parifhes, Wards, Hamlets and Diftrifts; to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands How to ba and Seals, of one or more of his Majefty’s Juf- levied, tice or Juftices of the Peace, for the faid City of Weftminfter, or for the County of Middlefex,

(which Warrant or Warrants the faid Juftice or Juflices is and are hereby impovvered and required to make and iffuej, and for Want of fuf-ficient Diftrefs to be found for that Purpofe, the faid Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby impower-ed and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands and Seals, to commit the Per-fon or Perfons fo offending to the common Gaol of the faid City of Weftminfier or County of Middlefex, there to remain for any Time to be limited by fuch Juftice or Juftices, not exceeding three Months, nor lefs than one Month without Bail or Mainprize.

0 bs. As much Confufm has arofe from the Petty Conftables removing Soldiers from one public Houfe to another, after they have been quartered by virtue of the High Conftable’s Precept for that Purpofe, it voould be ttfeful to prevent this Practice by an Addition to this Claufe, and not to fttffer any Soldier to be removed, unlefs it be by a Precept from the High Conftable for that Purpofe.

XI.	Provided always, That if any Perfon Penalty on fhall harbour, conceal or affift any Deferter from ^"J°cna]ino. his Majefty’s Service, knowing him to be fuch-, Defmersfor the Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit, for every buying their fuch Offence, the Sum of 51, or if any Perfon Arms, fhall knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or Cloaths, &c. otherwife receive, any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture, belonging to the King, from

any

2iS	JLxtraBs	from	the	Penal Laws'.

any Soldier or Deferter, or any other Per fin, upon any Account or Pretence whatfoever, or caufe the Colour of fuch Cloaths to be changed •, the Perfon To offending ihall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of 5 /. and upon Convidtion by the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witrieffes, before any of his Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, the faid refpedtive Penalties of 5 I. and 51. Ihall be levied by Warrant under the Hands of the faid Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender ; one Moiety of the faid firft-mentioned Penalty of 51, to be paid to the Informer, by whofe Means fuch Deferter Ihall be apprehended ; and one Moiety of the faid laft-mentioned Penalty of 51, to be paid to the Informer; and the refidue of the faid refpedtive Penalties to be paid to the Officer to whom any fuch Deferter or Soldier did belong: And in Cafe any fuch Offender, who Ihall be convidted as aforefaid, of harbouring or affift-ing any fuch Deferter or Deferters; or having knowingly received any Arms, Cloaths, Caps or other Furniture, belonging to the. King; or having caufed the Colour of fuch Cloaths to be changed contrary to the Intent of this Adt, Ihall not have fufficient Goods and Chattels, whereon Diftrefs may be made, to the Value of the Penalties recovered againft him for fuch Offence, or (hall not pay fuch Penalties within four Days after fuch Convidtion; then, and in fuch Cafe, fuch Juftice of the Peace (hall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, either commit fuch Offender to the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of three Months, or caufe fuch Offender

to

Extracts from the Venal Laws.	219

to be publickly whipt, at the Difcretion of fuch Juftice.

XII.	Provided always, That no Commif- pena!(y ^ fion Officer ffiall break open any Houfe to Officerbreak-fearch for Deferters, without Warrant from aingopen Juftice of the Peace; and that every Commif-Houfe w,!h* fion Officer, who ffiall, without Warrant from out Warrant< one or more of his Majefty’s Juftices of die

Peace (which faid Warrants the faid Juftice or Juftices are hereby impowered to grant) forcibly enter into, or break open the Dwelling-boule or' Ou.t-houfes of any Perfon whatfoever, under Pretence of fearching for Deferters ffiall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum of 2 0 /.

XIII.	And be it further enafled, by the Au-Penalty on thority aforefaid, That if any High Conftable,tat!'D8 Money Conftable, Beadle, on other Officer or Perfon whatfoever, who, by Virtue or Colour of this quartering. Aft, fliall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering.or billeting any Officers or Soldiers,

ffiall negleftor refufe, for the Space of two Hours, to quarter or billet fuch Officers or Soldiers, when thereunto required, in fuch Manner as is by this Aft direfted, provided fufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of fuch Troops; or ffiall receive, demand, con-traft or agree for any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Reward whatfoever, for or on Account of excufing, or in Order to excufe any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, from quartering or receiving into his, her or their Houfe or Houfes, any fuch Officer or Soldier; or in cafe anyrtfufilf' Victualler or any other Perfon, liable by thisquart„ '

Aft to have any Officer or Soldier billeted or Soldiers, quartered on him or her, ffiall refufe to receive

or

220

Extracts from the Penal Laws. or viftual any fuch Officer or Soldier fo quartered or billeted upon him or her as aforefaid; or fhall refufe to furnilh or allow, according to the Direftions of this Aft, the feveral Things herein before refpeftively directed to be fur-nilhed or allowed to Non-commiffion Officers and Soldiers fo quartered or billeted on him or her as aforefaid, or fhall neglect or refufe to furnilh good and Efficient Hay and Straw for each Horie fo quartered or billeted on him or her as aforefaid, at the Rate herein before-mentioned, and fhall be thereof convicted before any one or more Jufticeor Juflices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty, within which fuch Offence (hall be committed, either by his own Confeffion, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes (which Oath the faid Juftice or Juflices is and are hereby im-powered to adminifter), every fuch High Con-flable, Conftable, Beadle or other Officer or Per-fon fo offending, fhall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of 5 /. or any Sum of Money not exceeding 5 /. nor lefs than 40 s. (as the laid Juftice or Juftices, before whom the Matter fhall be heard, fhall in his or their Difcretion think fit) to be levied by Diftrels and Sale of the Goods of the Perfon offending, by Warrant, under the Hand and Seal, or Plands and Seals, of fuch Juftice or Juftices, before whom fuch Offender fhall be convifted, or of one or more of them, to be directed to any other Conftable within the County, City or Liberty, or to any of the Overfeeers of the Poor of the Parifh where the Offender fhall dwell; the faid Sum of 51, or the faid Sum not exceeding 5/. nor lefs than 40 s. when levied, to be paid to the Ovcrfeers

of

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.	221

of the Poor of the Parifh wherein the Offence fhall be committed, or to fome one of them, for the Ufe of the Poor of the faid Parifh.

XIV.	And for the better preventing Abufes Juftices may in quartering or billeting the Soldiers, in Pur- order Confta-fuance of this Act; be it further enacted, by^lestog'veai» the Authority aforefaid, that it fhall and may ^Number be lawful to and for any one or more Juftice or 0f Soldiers Juftices of the Peace, within their refpective quartered. Counties, Cities or Liberties, by Warrant or&c*

Order under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of this Act, to require and command any High Conflable, Conftable,

Beadle or other Officer, who ffiall quarter or billet any Soldier in Purfuance of this Act, to give an Account in Writing unto the faid Juftice or Juftices requiring the fame, of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who fhall be quartered or billeted by them, and alfo the Names of the Houfekeepers or Perfons, upon whom every fuch Officer or Soldier fhall be quartered or billeted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every fuch Houfe-keeper dwells, and of the Signs (if any) belonging to their Houfes; to the End it may appear to the faid Juftice or Juftices where fuch Officers and Soldiers are quartered and billeted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or puniffi all Abufes in the quartering or billeting of them.

XV.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby Claufe for declared, by the Authority aforefaid, That Rdiefof Per-from and after the 25th Day of March 1759)[?J^a!'lly when and as often as any Perl'on or Per- thenife:Ves. funs fhall be inlifted as a Soldier or Soldiers

in

ExtraSis from ihe Pinat Lawi. in his Majefty’s Land Service, he and tjiey1 fhall, within four Days, but not fooner than 24 Hours, after fuch infilling refpeffively, be carried before the next Juftice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief Magiftrate of any City or Town Corporate, (not being an Officer in the Army) and before fuch Juftice or Chief Magiftrate, he or they fhall be at Liberty to declare his or their Difient to fuch inlifting; and upon fuch Declaration, and returning the inlifting Money, and alfo each Perfon fo diffenting paying the Sum of 20 s. for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, fuch Perfon or Perfons fo inlifted fhall be forthwith difcharged and fet at Liberty, in the Prefence of fuch Juftice or Chief Ma-giftrate; but if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall refufe or negledt, within the Space of 24 Hours, to return and pay fuch Money, as aforefaid, he or they (hall be deemed and taken to be inlifted, as if he or they had given his or theif Affent thereto before the faid Juftice or Chief Magiftrate; or if fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall declare his or their having voluntarily inlifted himfelf or themfelves, then fuch Juftice or Chief Magiftrate fhall, and he is thereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand, that fuch Perfon or Perfons is or are duly in-lifted ; fetting forth the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling of him or them refpeftively (if known), and that the fecond and fixth Sections of the Articles of War againft Mutiny and Deferticn were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the Oath mentioned in the faid Articles of War; and if any fuch Perfon or Perfons; fo to be certified as duly

- Ext raffs from the Penal Laws'.	223

inlifted, ’fliall refufe to take the faid Oath of Fidelity before the faid Juftice or Chief Magiftrate, it fliall and may be lawful for fuch Officer, from whom he has received fuch Money as aforefaid, to detain or confine fuch Perfon or Perfons, until he or they fliall take the Oath before required; and every Military Officer, that fliall aft contrary hereto,* or offend herein, fliall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture, as is by this Aft to be in-flifted upon any Officer for making a falfe and untrue Mufter ; and the Penalty and Forfeiture fhall be levied and recovered in the fame Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Aft to be levied and recovered.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, by the Perfons re- _ Authority aforefaid, That if any Perfon or thE, ^ Perfons fliall receive the inlifting Money from p^eded' any Officer (knowing it to be, fuch) and. fliall agamft as if abfcond or refufe to, go before fuch Juftice or duly inlifted. Chief Magiftrate, in order to declare his Af-fent or Diffent, as aforefaid; fuch Perfon or Perfons "fliall be deemed and taken to be in-lifted, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever; f and fliall arid may be proceeded ag.unft, as if he or they had taken the Oath direfted by the faid Articles of War to be taken before fuch Juftice tot Chief Magiftrate.

.16

CHAP.

I

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.



CHAP. XLVI1I.

ExtraBs from 28 Geo. 2. c. 12. 9 Ann. c. 25.	1	James,	c.	27.	md	u	H.	7.

c. 17. relative to the Jelling of Game, and the defraying of Swam Eggs.

Perfons idling 1. i)Y the firfl: Statute it is enadted, That if IJ any Perfon or Perfons whatloever, whether qualified or not qualified to kill Game, lhall fell, expofe or offer to Sale, any Hare, Pheafant, Partridge, Moor, Heath-Game or Groufe, every fuch Perfon lhall forfeit the Sum of 5 /. HavingGame II. And it is likewife enadled, That if any m their	Hare, Pheafant, Partridge, Moor, Heath-Game,

Po effioa.	Qr QroufC) ]i 1^ found in the Shop or Poflef-

fion of any Poulterer, Salefman, Filhmonger, Cook, or Paltry Cook, the fame lhall be ad-- judged, deemed and taken to be an expofing thereof to Sale, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Adi.

III. By 9 Anne, c. 25. f 2. If any Hare, Pheafant, Partridge, Moor, Heath-Game or Groufe, lhall be found in the Shop, Houfe or Poffeffion of any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, not qualified in his own Right to kill Game, or being intitled thereto under Ibme Perfon fo qualified, the fame (hall be adjudged, deqjped and taken to be an expofing thereof to Sale.

the general Qualifications by Eftate or Degree to kill Game.

By 22 and 23 Car. 2. c. 25./. 3. it is enadted. That every Perfon not having Lands and Tenements,

4

!

ExtraSls from the Penal Laws.	>

rftents* or fotne other Eftate of Inheritance, iri his own or his Wife’s. Right, of the clear yearly Value of ioo I. per Annum, or for Term of Life, or having Leafe or Leafes of 99 Years* or for any longer Term, of the clear yearly Value of 150/. (other than the Son and Heir-Apparent of an Efquire, or other Perfon of higher Degree, and the Owners and Keepers of Forefts, Parks*

Chafes, or Warren, being flocked with Deer or Conies for their neceffary Ufe, in refpedt of the faid Forefts, Parks, Chafes, or Warrens,) is herehy declared to be a Perfon, by the Laws of this Realm, not allowed to have or keep for himfelf, or any other Perfon, any Guns, Bows, Greyhounds, fetting Dogs, Ferrets, Coney Dogs,

Lurchers, Hays,Nets, Lowbels, Harepipe's, Gins,

Snares, or other Engines for the taking and killing of Game.	' ■

IV.	By 1 James, c. 27. it is enacted, That Jr,n8or every Perfon who fhall take the Eggs of any Swa^Egsi Swans out of the Neft, or wilfully fpoil them

in the Neft, (hall, on Convidtion, be committed to Gaol three Months, unlefs he pay 20 s. for every Egg; or after one Month of his Commitment become bound by Recognizance with two Sureties in 20 /. a-piece never to offend again in like Manner.

V.	And by xi H. 7. c. 17. it is enafled,

That no Perfon (hall take, or caufe to be taken, on his own Ground, or any other Man’s, the Eggs of any Swan on Pain (on Conviflion before the Juftices of the Peace) of Imprifonment for a Year and a Day, and Fine at the King’s Will; half to the King and half to the Owner of the Swans.



CHAP.

226	ExfraBs	from the Venal Laws.

CHAP. XLIX.

Extracts from 4 Geo. 2. c. 14. relating to the making of Hair Powder, and felling and vfmg the fame.

Penalty of T3 Y this Statute it is enafted, That if any '™h D Maker of Hair Powder, or any Perfumer, any Afebafter, Peruke-maker, Barber, or any Selier or Sellers 4c.	of or Dealers in Hair Powder, fhall mix or

caufe to be mixed any Powder of Alabafter, Plaifter of Paris, Talk, Chalk, Whiting, Lime or any other Material or Materials of any other Kind or Nature whatfoever, (Rice firfl: made into Starch, and Sweet Scents only exceptedJ with any Starch, or with any Powder of Starch, to be made Ufe of, for making of Hair Powder, and fhall make or caufe to be made, any Hair Powder, with any of the Materials before-mentioned, or with any other Material or Materials of any other Kind or Nature whatfoever, other than Starch, or Powder of Starch, or of Rice firft made into Starch, and fhall ufe, fell, or offer to fell, any Hair Powder, fo mixed or made, he, flie, or they (hall forfeit all the Hair Powder>fo mixed or made, and likewife the Sum of 201.

CHAP.

ExfrdBs from the Penal Edws.

227

C HAP. L.

Extracts from 28 Geo. 2. c. i. for the Relief ofthe Oltt-Penf oners of the Royal Hofpital at Chelfea.

I.	T) Y this Statute it is enatted, That all Af- Aflignmenu 13 fignments, Bargains, Sales, Contrafls, Or-V0ld-ders, Agreements or Securities whatfoever, made by any Out-Penfioner, for, upon or in rei'peft of any Sum or Sums of Money to become due, for or on Account of the Out-Penfion of the Royal Hofpital at Chelfea., to fuch Out-Penfioners who lhall be admitted thereunto, (hall be abfolutely hull and vojd, to all Intents and Purpofes.

II.	And it is further enacted, That the Trea- Treaforer to furer of Chelfea Hofpital may with-hold and de- deduct 1 s. in duel: 1 j-.,in the Pound out of allMonies which (hall ^ c'“"d’2'° From and after the 2?;thof December 1755, be ap-hfs plicable to the Payment of the laid Out-Penfion, (lull direft. as well as out of all Monies whichdhall be'direcled

to He iffued in Advance to the Out-Penfioners of Chelfea Hofpital; which Monies fo dedudted lhall PenP.on to be be applied in the Manner which his Majefty, his P“ld without Heirs and.Succelfor.s (hall-direct; and that after “P1" the Deduction of the faid Sum of 1 s. in the e uc 1 Pound, .the (aid Penfions , (ball be paid to the Periods intided thereto, -without any other Deduction, Fee, .Stoppage or Charge whatever.

III.	And if the Agent, to be appointed for Agent taking the Payment of the laid Penfions, or any other Fees for p»y-Agent or Clerk employed, in paying the fame, fog the lame (hall-exaft or take .any Fee or Reward whatever,10 be

—	'	/•	.	'ir’iTiF*	cUj 211Q 101161c*

ror or on Account of paying the (aid Penlion, 100 L or on any other Account whatfoever, relative

0.3	t0

228	Extra?}s from the Tend Ednas',.

to the faid Out-Penfion, he lhall lofe and forfeit his faid Office or Employment; and over and above forfeit the Sum of 1601, and likewife be deemed incapable of ferying his_ Majefiy, his Heirs and Succelfors, in any Office or Employment, Civil or Military, whatfoever.

C H A P. LI.

Extra?! s jrom 5 Eliz. c. 21. 22SC23 Ch.2. c. 25.	9	Geo.	1.	c.	22.	for	punijhing the

unlawful taking of Fifh.

Breaking the Dams of Pith Ponds, or fiihmg therein.

I. '■y' H E firft Aft enafts. That if any Perfon j lhall unlawfully break, cut or deftroy any Head or Dam of a Fifh Pond, or fhall wrongfully filh therein, with Intent to take or kill Filh; he lhall, on Conviftion at the Suit of the King, or of the Party, at the-Affizes or Seflions, be imprifoned three Months, and pay treble Damages •, and after the three Months are expired lhall find Sureties for his good Abearing for feven Years, or remain in Prifon till he doth.

No Perfon II. The 22 C? 23 Cb. 2. enafts, That if any ihail fifh m Perfon lhall ufe any Net, Angle, Hair Noofe,

anv-Fp«fon Tr0^ or sPear5 or % any Wears, Pots, without his Fith Hooks or other Engines; or lhall take Content, with any Filh, by any Means or Device whatfoever, Nets or other 0r be aiding thereunto, in $ny River, Stew, £ngipei. Pond, Mote or other Water, without the Con-fent of the Lord or Owner of the Water; and be thereof convifted by Cqnfeffion or Oath of pne Witnefs, before one Juftice in one Month

after

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	22'

after the Offence ■, every fuch Offender in taking Penalty, or killing Fifln, (hall pay any Sum not exceeding treble Damages, to the Overfeers for the Uie of the Poor, by Diftrefs •, for want of Diftrefs, to be committed to the Houfe of Correftion not exceeding one Month; unlefs he enter into Bond with one Surety to the Party injured, not exceeding to/. never to offend in like manner.

III. And fuch Juftice may take, cut and Jullice of deftroy, all fueh Angles, Spears, Hair Nooies, [lea-e may Trolls, Wears, Pots, Fifh Hooks, Nets or the Nets, other Engines, wherewith luch Perfon (hall be apprehended.

(V. The 9 Geo.- i. c. 22, commonly called Stealing Fifh, the Black Act, enafts, That if any Perfonand hiking being armed and' difguifed, (hall unlawfully deal or take away any Fiffi, out of any River, ponijs-or Pond; or (whether being armed or difguifed or not) (hall unlawfully and malicioufly break down the Head or Mound of any Fifh Pond, whereby the Filh (hall be loft and deftroyed; or (hall refeue any Perfon in Cuftody for fuch Offence ; or procure any other to join with him therein, he (hall be guilty ot Felony without Benefit of Clergy.



0.4

CHAP.

h°

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

CHAP. LII.

Extracts from 10 Geo. 2. relating to Watermen plying on tbe River Thames.

Apprentices.

Kuir.ber of PatTesgen.

I. n Y this Statute it is enacled, .That no

O Waterman (although free of the Company) Ihall take an Apprentice under 14 Years of Age, nor above 20; and that Apprentices be taken for feven Years at the leaft, and be bound by Indentures, and inrolled in the Book of the Company; on Penalty of the Matter’s forfeiting 101, and the Apprentices bound contrary to the true Intent of that Aft, forfeit die Freedom, Privileges and Advantages, otherwife obtained by. Apprenticefhips. Neverthelefs, a Freeman may have two Apprentices .at one Time, provided the firft has ferved four Years, when the other is taken-, on Penalty .of 10/. And Proprietors of 12 Lighters may take , two Apprentices at one Time; as may Proprietors of 40 Lighters take four, and no more, pro-, vided fuch Proprietors make Oath, of owning fuch Number of Lighters, Barges, or fiat-bottomed Boats.

II.	And for preventing the loiing the Lives of Ferfens palling on the River, it is enafted. That no Tilt-Boat, Row-Barge, or Wherry, take at one Time more than Thirty-feven Paf-fengers, and three more by the way nor in any other Boat or Wherry more than Eight, and two pore by the way ; nor in any Ferry-boat or Wherry, allowed to work on Sundays, any more than eight Pafiengers; on pain of forfeiting for

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	23!

the firft Offence, 51, for the fecondOffence 10/. and for the third Offence to be disfrarichifed for 12 Months from working on the River, and from enjoying the Privileges of the Company : And in cafe any Perfon (hall be drowned, where a greater Number of Pafferigers is taken in than is allowed, the Watermen ihall be deemed guilty of Felony, and trarifported as Felons.

III.	That every Tilt-Boat fhall be of the Bur- Tonnage of then of 15 Tons, and any other Boat or Wherry BoalS■ three Tons; and that no Gravefend Boats or Wherries with clofe Decks or Bails nailed down,

and not moveable, be navigated, Tilt-Boats only excepted, on the Penalty of 101.

IV.	Any Waterman or Wherrymen who wil-W.a,tc™j" fully or negligently lofe their Time from Billingf- xide.1”^ gate to Gravefend, or from thence. 10 Billingfgate, from Billingf-by putting aihore for other Pafferigers, or. by gate or waiting or loitering by the Way, fo that the firft Gravefend. Paffengers fhall be fet on Shore two Miles ffiort

of the Place to which they are bound, fuch Paffengers ihail be'difcliarged from paying any Thing for their Paffaige.

V.	The Rules of the Watermen’s Company. A Bell to be

are to appoint two or niore Officers to attend, rung wben one at Billingfgate, at every Time of High Water	t0

at London Bridge, and the other at. Gravefend,° '

at the 'fjrft of Flood; who Iliall publiclcly ring a Bell for 15 Minutes, to give Notice to the Tilt-Boats and Wherries to put off. And if fuch Wherry rperi, &c. do not immediately put off on ringing jhe faid Bell, and do riot effefthal-ly proceed on.'their Voyage, but put, on Shore within two Miles of billingfgate or Gravefend, 'as the Cafe may be; or ‘if fuch Boats are riot

navigated

O

232

Neglect of letting up nr ringing fucb Bells.

Rates of Watermen.

Extracts from the Penal Laws. navigated by two fufficient Men, the youngeft to be 18 Years old at leaft; in every fuch Cafe the Owners of fuch Boats (hall forfeit 5 /. to be levied on the Boats or Goods of the Owners of fuch Boats.

VI.	And ifthe Company of Watermen negleft 1 fetting up the faid Bells, and appointing proper Perfons to ring them, they (hall forfeit 501. and Perfons appointed to ring the faid Bells, forfeit 40 /. for every Negleft.

RATES of Watermen plying upon the River Thames, either with Oars or Skullers.

FR O M London-bridge to Limeboufe, New-crane, Shad-well-dock, Bell-wharf, Raicliff-

crofs,	---------

From London-bridge to Wap-ping-dock, V/apping Old and New-flairs, the Hermitage, or Rotber-bithe-eburcb-ftairs,	—

From St. Olaves to Rotber-bitbe-churcb-flairs and Rotber-

bitbeflairs,	------

From Billingfgate and St.

Oldves, to St. Saviour's Mill,

From any Stairs between London-bridge and Weflminfler,

From eidier Side above London-bridge to Lambeth or Vaux-ball,	—	—

From IVhiieball to Lambeth or Vauxball,	■----.

Oars.

. d.

>1 o

Skid, s. d.

o 6

>0 6

6

}o 6 |o 6

1

i-

1 o

6

0 3

° 3 o 3

0 6. o 3

*33

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws. From the templet Dorfet-ftairs,) s. d. Black-fryer s-flairs, or Paul’s-wbarf, >0 8

to Lambeth	  j

Over the Water dire&Iy, from 1 any Place between Vauxhall and >o 4 Limehoufe, • ------------------- J

5. d. 0.4

0 2

RATES of Oars, Down and TJp the River, as well for the whole Fare, as Company. ■	-

Down the River.	Fare.

■s. d

FROM London to Gravefend, 4 6 To Grays or Greenbitbe, — 4 o To Fur fleet, or Eriih,	—	30

To Woolwich,	......-	2 6

To Blackmail, - .............  •	2 o

To Greenwich or Deptford, — 1 6

Up the River.

To Cbelfea,. Batterfea, and 7 Wandfworth, ■ - - - J To Putney,. Fulham, or Barn-1

Elms, ’	-...—•	J	2

To Hammerfmith, Chifwick or?

Morlack, . --------------------- j

To Brentford, IJlewortb or!

Richmond, ....---------r

To Twickenham, —	4

To Kingfton, ■	r~.--------  5

To Hampton: court. To r Walton,

To Hampton-town, Sunbury or|y

0 0

—	,6.0

0

Com. s. d. o' 9 0 8 o 6 o 4 o' 3 0 3

o 3 o 4 06

0 6

o 6

0	9

1	o

1 o To

*3^

Ext faffs from the Penal halos',

... „ s- s‘ &

To Weybridge and Chertfey,	to	o' i o

To Stanes, .	■	-	12	O	1	0

To Windfor, •—:—14 b! x 0

RATES	carrying Goods and PaJfeilgers

in the Gravefend Pilt-Boats.

FO R every Angle Perfon in the ? ordinary Paflage, - ■■■ -- J 0 For a Hoglhead,	o

For a whole Firkin, —..........-	o

For half a Firkin, -■—o' One Hundred Weight,	b

One Sack of Corn, Sait, &c. i o ; An ordinary Hamper, —• o The Hire of the whole Tilt-Boat, 1

j. d.

0 9

2 0 o 2 o 1 O 4 0 6

0	6

1	6

Whoever has Occafion to go by.Water, need make no Bargain with the Waterman, but only tell him at what Stairs be is to land :yoil % xmd if alt) Difpute Jbould hrife abbut bis Fare, let him take •what 'be demands, but, fetllgntber to fetdbwh the 'N&mbtr of bis Boat. Am if be has taken -more than bis Fare, or if be fweats, or treats you with ill. Language -, or, if 'after fifing you, be refufes to carry you, you qjay get him pfutijhed'by applying }o the Clerk of'tbe Waterhen's Cdmpany, at their Hall near the Old Swafi Stairs.

If a Waterman-takes more than bisFare,. be forfeits 40 s. and fitffers half a Fear’s Imprifon-ment	„

If be fets kpla Sail between Lambeth and Faon-don-bridge, be forfeits 5 s.

CHAP.

Extracts from the Penal Laws'.	23$

CHAP. LJUJ.

Extracts from 29 Geo. 2. c. 30. relative t.o the flea-ling and the buying and receiving of flolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell Metal and Solder.

I.	r> Y this Statute it is enafred, That every Buyers or R«* ti Perfon who lhall buy or receive any “ivers°ftlie Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-Metal or Sol- h^in'mcn-der, knowing the fame to be flolen or unlaw- tioned, fenow-fuily come by; or lhall privately buy or receive mg the fame any flolen Lead,Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-Metal*°te'ftoM, or Solder, by fuffering any Door, Window or by Shutter, to be left open or unfaftened between '	’	!

Sun-fetting, and Sumrifing for that Purpofe; or , lhall buy or receive the fame, or any of them; at	'

any Time in any clandeftine Manner from anyyears, Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, lhall, on Con-viflion, although the principal Felon has not been conviftedpf Healing the fame, betrafported for 14 Years.

II.	And it is lil^ewife enafted, That any Where there Juflice of the Peace may, upon Complaint made1* ^aufe of to him upon Oath, that there is caufe. to fufpedt u PICIOn» flolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-Metal,fliceto._. or Solder, js concealed in any Dwelling-houfe, • 1 Out-houfe, Yard, Garden, or other Place or Warrant, Places, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, caufe every fuch Dwelling-houfe or otjier Place to be fearched in the Day-time; a,nd if apy*n.[** d*f of the faid Things lhall be fo.und .therein, to party with caufe-the fame, and the Party in whole Cultody whom the they lhall be found, to be brought before anyfame a|:e ’................ •	'	twof0“ndwbe

&c.

Party not accounting

236	ExtraBs	frm the Penal Laive.

carried before two or more Juftices of the Peace of the fame wo Juftices, County; and if the fame Perfon or Perfons lhall not give an Account to the Satisfa&ion of fuch Juftices, how he, Ihe or they came by the fame* or (hall not within fome convenient Time, to iarisfaSorily, be fet by the faid Juftices, produce the Party

Iffldemeanor or Part‘es °£> or ^rom whom, he, (he or they ' bought or received the faid Goods •, that then the faid Perfon or Perfons fo offending, (hall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Mifde* meanor.

Safpcded III. And it is likewife further enafted, That Perfons, with every Conftable, Headborough or Tythingman, any of the faid jn every County, City or other Place, where Materials m tbey (ball be Officers, and every Beadle within time, may be his Ward, Parifli or Diftrift, and every Watch-apprehended man during fuch Time only as he is on his Duty, (hall and may apprehend, or caufe to be apprehended, all and every Perfon or Perfons wh6 may reafonably be fufpe&ed of having or carrying, or any wife conveying at any Time after Sun-fetting, and before Sun-rifing, any Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-Metal or Solder, fuf-pecled to be ftolen or unlawfully come by, and the fame, together with fuch Perfon or Perfons, as foon as conveniendy may be, to convey or' carry before any two or more Juftices of the Peace; and if the Perfon or Perfons fo apprehended conveying any fuch Lead, &c. (hall not produce the Party or Parties from whom he, (he or they bought or received the fame, or fome other credible Witnefs, to depofe upon Oath, the Sale or Delivery of the faid Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-Metal, or Solder, or (hall not giye an roticcwnting Account to the Satisfaction of any two or more of farisfafloriiy, fuc'n Juftices, how he, (he or they, came by the Mfl&neanor Lme, l^at t^ien l^e Lid Perfon or Perfons fo ap-’	prehended,

by Parifli Officers and Watchmen,

and carried before two Jnffices, &c.

ExiraBs from the Penal Laws.	237

prehended, fhall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Mifdemeanor.

IV.	And it is enafted, That where any Perfon or Perfons fhall be convicted of either of the rn which Ci-Mifdemeanors aforefaid, two Juftices have Power fes, Materials to caufe the Goods to be depofited in the Hands 'obedepofitcd of the Churchwardens or Overfeers of the Poor	Chu^l~

of the Place where they were found, or any ocher	ens’

convenient Place, for any Time not exceeding 30 Days; and in the mean Time to order the laid Churchwardens and Overleers of the Poor,an(J .... or one of them, in all and every of the Parilhcs Notice by within the Bills of Mortality, to infert an Ad- AdvertHe-vertifement in fome public Paper, and in every ment and other Place to caufe Notice to be given by fome °^erwi*'e> public Cryer, and by fixing on the Church or e 8'ven’ Chapel Door, Notice, defcribing fuch Goods, and where the fame fir all be fo depofited, to the End that Perfons having loft fuch Lead, Iron,

Copper, Brafs, Bell-Metal or Solder may come

and Claim the fame, or any reputable Perfdn on

their Behalf: And in cafe any Perfon can prove

their Property to the faid Goods to the Satis- an<MeOwner

faction of any two fuch Juftices of the Peace,	V

that then fuch Juftices fhall order Reftitution of to have them.

fuch Goods to the Owner or Owners thereof,

after paying the reafonableCharges of removing,

depofiting and giving public Notice of the fame;

and if at the End of the faid 30 Days, no Perfons

fhall come and prove his, her or their Property,

nor any reputable Perfon on their Behalf, to fuch

Goods, the fame to be fold for the belt Price that

can reafonably be had, and after deducing the

Charges aforefaid, one Moiety of the Money ari-

fing from fuch Sale, to be given to the Appre-

hender of the Party guilty of fuch Mifdemeanor,

and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parifh

where

238	Extracts	from	the	Penal Laics.

where fuch Offence fnall be committed (if it is known) or elfe where fuch Conviction {hall be made.

Perfons to V. And it is likewife enafted, That every Per-whom fuch fon to whom any Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-be broifhuo or Voider, Ihall be brought and offered to be fold or he Pawned or delivered, is impowered and pawned, ma>, required (there being reafonable Caufe to fufpect in any fnf- that fuch Goods were ftolen or unlawfully come peaed Cafe, by) to apprehend, fecure and carry before a Juf-thTpan/be-5' “ce °f t*ie Peace (having it in his or her Power fo fore a Juflice, to do) the Perfon or Perfons fo bringing or offeree.	ing the fame, together" with fuch, Iron, Copper,

Bell-Metal or Solder; and fuch Perfons fo apprehended, fliall be dealt with, and the Goods depo-fited and difpofed of in the fame manner as if he, otberwife,np- flie or they had been apprehended by any Peace r" Frooffof Officer as aforefaid; and if it Ihall appear upon abiecTnfeof r^c Oath of any Perfon, notwithftanding fuch Snfpidon, he Perfon was concerned in ftealing the fame, if is guilty of a corroborated with other credible Circumftances Mifdemeanor. t0 the Satisfaction of two Juftices of the Peace, that there was reafonable Caufe to fufpeCt fuch Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-Metal or Solder, was ftolen or unlawfully come by, and that the Perfon or Perfons to whom it was fo brought or offered, did not (having it in his, her or their Power fo to do) apprehend, fecure, and carry before a Juftice of the Peace, as aforefaid, the Perfon or Perfons who fo brought or offered the fame, that then the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-Metal or Solder, was fo brought or offered, {hall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Mifdemeanor. Perfons ton- VI- And it is further enafted, That every Per-vifted of a fon deemed and adjudged guilty of a Mifdemea-Mifdemeanor.	1	jlOf,

TLxiraBs from the Penal Laws.	239

nor in having in his, her or their Pofleflion,in having in any Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-Metal or jhcir Poilef-Solder, fufpefled to be ftolen or unlawfully ^ Material's* come by, and nor. producing the Party of whom &c. he, die or they bought or received the fame, nor giving a fatisfattory Account how he, die or they came by the fame, or in having, carrying or conveying any fuch Goods lufpe£led to be, ftolen or unlawfully come by, and not producing the Party from whom he, Ihe or they bought or received the fame, nor any credible Witnefs to depofe upon Oath the Sale or Delivery thereof, nor giving a facisfadtory Account how he, Ihe or they, came by the fame, (as the Cafe j^oforce * lhall be) (hall, for every fuch Mifdemeanor, for-40s. fecond feit for the firft Offence 40 s. for the fecond 4 /. Offence, *1. and for every fubfequent Offence the Sum of 61. every other And that every Perlon deemed and adjudged 0fitncc> guilty of the M ifdemeanor of neglecting to ap-an(j prehend, fecure and carry before a Juftice of the guilty of a Peace, the Perfon or Perlons (having it in his, her Mifdemeanor, or their Power fo to do) who brought or offered !n n°trca”-v ,■ to fell, pawn or deliver, any Lead, Iron, Cop- pcSrfoJbefore per, Brafs, Bell-Metal or Solder, (as the Cafe a juftice, lhall be) fufpected to be ftolen or unlawfully forfeit come by, lhall, for every fuch Mifdemeanor, forfeit for the firft: Offence 20 s. for the fecond Q^efir20S 40 s. and for every fubfequent Offence the Sum fcconcj of. ' of 4/. the Penalty to be levied by Diftrefs and fence, 40s. Sale, and difpofed of in the Manner before-men-every fub-tioned •, and in Default of Payment of any of jPj^nc ^ -the Laid Forfeitures, the faid Juftices may corn- " ’ * ' mit fuch Offender fo deemed-and adjudged guil- Foifcitures ty as aforelaid, to the common Gaol or other how to be Prifon or Houle of Correction within their Ju-	of

rifdiction, without Bail or Mainprize, for the ^ftrefsn qj.

R.	Space	fellder to be

committed.

24'0

ExtraBs from the Penal Lam'.

Space of one Month for the firft Offence •, for the fecond Offence two Months, and for every fubfequent Offence, until fuch Offender {hall be difcharged by Order of the Court of General or Quarter-Seffions.

VII.	And it is farther enafted. That if any Perfon being out of Prifon, {hall commit any Felony, by ftealing any Lead, Iron,'Copper, Brafs, Bell-Metal or Solder, and afterwards dif-Felon con- cover two or more Perfons who (hall buy or re-■viaing the ceive any ftolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-Buyers or Metal or Solder, knowing the lame to be ftolen, Receivers, fQ as two or more 0f the Perfons difcovered {hall be convi&ed of fuch buying or receiving, he, {he or they, fo difcovering, {hall have and be in-intided to his titled to his Majefty’s moft gracious Pardon, for Parcfm S ^"uc‘1 Felonies by him or her committed, at ’ any Time or Times before fuch Difcovery made, and convia-	VIII. And it is likewife farther enafted, That

Knwny -f 3	any Perfon (hall be concerned in the ftealing

in not a^pre^ any Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-Metai or bending, &c. Solder, and fhall afterwards, being out of Pri-Offendcr of- fon, dilcover any Perfon, to whom he, {he or fen/>g to fell they, Ihall have offered to fell, pawn or deliver, (Lf^bdilt any ftolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-charged from Metal or Solder, fo as fuch Perfon be convicted Profecution of the Mifdemeanor of not apprehending, fe-fcr fuch	curing and carrying him, her or them, before a

e-ony	Juftice as aforelaid, that then the Perfon making

fuch Difcovery, {hall not be liable to be profecu-ted for ftealing the Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-Metal or Solder, fo offered as aforefaid.

CHAP.

Extrafts from the Penal Laws.

2 + 1

	CHAP.	I.IV.	
ExtraBs	GO  K  CO	c. 0.	2 Gee. 2.
c. 2S.	9 Ann. c. 14.	13 Geo.	2. c. 19.
O /">  M Geo	to  O  CO  -F-	:ve to the	Prevai-
tion of	Ganfing.		

I. -"yHE 33 H. 8. c. 9 enafls, That no man-„ r ,

! ner of Perfon or Perfons, of what De- ;ng pbce^fbr gree, Quality or Condition foever he or they be, unlawful by himlL-lf, Fa&or, Deputy, Servant, or other Games. Perfon, fhall for his or their Gain, Lucre or Living, keep, have, hold, occupy, exercife or maintain, any common Houfe, Alley or Place of Bowling, Coyting, Clayfh-Cayls, Half-Bowl,

Tennis, Dicing-Tabie or Carding, or any other manner of Game prhibited by any Statute heretofore made, or any unlawful new Game now invented or made, or any other new unlawful Game hereafter to be invented, found, had or made on Pain pf forfeiting for every Day keep- Penalty, ing or fuffering the fame, contrary to the Form and effeft of this Statute, 40 s.

Obs. It is apprehended that the above Claufe takes in every Species of Gaming carried on for Gain that is now in L'fe, or that can be invented.

II.	And alfo every Perfon ufing and haunt- Pcrfonshaunting any of the faid Houfes and Plays, and there mg the fame, playing, to forfeit for every Time fo doing,

6	s. 8 d.

III.	That it lhall be lawful for the Judices in Magiftratcs every Shire, Mayors, Sheriffs, Bailiffs and otherm,y *“sprcfs Head Officers, within every City, Town and Gamcsfauil Borough, as well within Liberties as without, to p,jMith ’

R 2	COIlie,	Glanders,

242

Extracts from the Penal Laws. come, enter and refort into all Places where fuch Games are fufpeded to be carried on, and to imprifon the Keepers and the Perfons frequenting the fame, until they fhall be bound by Recognizance, the Keeper no longer to ufe or keep the fame, and the Haunters no more to play, haunt or exercife any of the faid Games.

Aa 5; H. 8. XV. By 2 Geo. 2. c. 28. Where it (hall be againftanlaw- provecj Up0n the Oath of two or more credible oa-'/raore Witneffes, before any Juftice of the Peace, as effectual. well as where fuch Jullice (hall find upon his own View, That any Perfon or Perfons have ufed or exerciled any unlawful Game contrary to the 33 H. 8. c. 9. the faid Juftice fnall have full Power and Authority to commit every fuch Offender to Prifon without Bail or Mainprize: unlefs and until fuch Offender (hall enter into one or more Recognizances, with Sureties or without, at the Difcretion of the Juftice, that he will not thenceforth play at or ufe any fuch unlawful Game.

Oes. From the additional Power given to'Ma-gijlrcles by this Claufe, which is very recent, it plainly appears, that the Legijlature deemed the above Statute of H. 8. c.s a mojl ttfeful Law, and that it aught to be looked upon to be in as full Force as when firfi me.de •, and not obfolete, as fame have-endeavoured to deem it.

Perfons pro- V. By 33 H. 8. c. 9. No manner of Artificer hibited wpfey or Crafrfman, of any Handicraft or Occupation, G UUl:r' 0c Husbandman, Apprentice, Labourer, Servant at Cbriilmas. Husbandry, Journeyman, or Servant of Artificer, Mariner, Fifhermen, Watermen or lerv-ing Men, fhall play at the Tables, Tennis, Dice, Cards, Bowls, Clayfh,' Coyting, Logating, or

any

ExtraSs from the Penal Laws.	24	J

any other unlawful Game out of Cbrijlms; on Pain of forfeiting 20 s. for every Time.

VI.	By 9 Ann. c. 14- All Notes, Bills and Notes, Mort-Bonds, Judgments, Mortgages, or other Securi- S»gcs>&c- • ties or Conveyances whatfoever, given, granted, ^^d^tion drawn or entered into, or executed by any Perfon js for jvjoriey orPerfons, where the Whole or any Part of the won by Gi-Confideration of fuch Conveyances or Securities mii-g; or for fhall be for any Money or other valuable Thing Re F=ymcnt

, r	}	•	t	.	^	& of Money	lent

whatloever, won by Oaming or playing at Cards, at j*LCh Dice, Tables, Tennis, Bowls, or other Game or Gaming, &c. Games whatfoever; or by betting on the Sides fhall be \oid. or Hands of fuch as do Game at any of the Games aforefaid -, or for the reimburfing or repaying any Money knowingly lent or advanced for fuch Gaming or Betting as aforelaid ; or lent or advanced at the Time and Play to any Perfon or Perfons fo Gaming or Betting as aforefaid, or that Ihall, during fuch Play, foplay or betr, ihall be utterly void, truftate, and of none Efleft, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

VII.	That any Perfon, who ihall at any Time ti,c j0fcr 0f or Sitting, by playing at any Game whatfoever, :o 1 may the or by Betting on the Sides or Hands of fuch as for the Money do play, lofe to any one or more Perions, io

playing or betting, in the whole, the Sum or

Value of 10 /. and (hall pay or deliver the fame,

or any Part thereof, Ihall be at Liberty to lue

for the fame within three Months in any of hisai)d if Ioft.r3

Majefty’s Courts; but if he neglect to do itdonotfur,

within that Time, any other Perfon may fue&c. anyoher

for it.	i7erfcn	may.

Obs. It is apprehended, ‘That if she left mentioned Offence was to be heard and determined in a fummary IVay, before two Juflices of the Putce,

R 3	be-

244

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

hfcre whom, if any Perfon fhould be convifled on the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs, of winning, by flaying or betting at any Game whatever, at one Sitting, any Sum not exceeding iol. nor left than $s. or Goods of any Sort to the fame Value, and of receiving the fame, to forfeit double the Sum or Value of Goods fo won, to be levied by D.drcfs and Sale •. one half to the Poor, the other to the Lofer, and for want of fufficient Dijlrefs to be conm.ttcJ., &C.

Perfon' win-	^'I!I. That if any Perfon vhatfoever do, or

sing by Fraedfliall, by any Fraud or Shift, Coufenage, Cir-&c.above :c!. cumvention, Deceit or unlawful Device or ill atone bating, praft;ce whatfoever, in playing at any of the Ti-neMh' aforefaiti Games; or by beating a Share or Part Yaw. r..aU in the Stakes; or by betting on the Sides or be d.-erned Hands of fuch as do play, win, obtain or ac-lnfrnour, qUire to himfdf or others, any Sum or valua-inCafocf5 Thing■> or ft>all w’n> at one Slitting, above wiliaii’erjory. the Val-e of to I. fnali forfeit five Times the Value of the Money, or other Thing io won, if convicted on an Indictment or Information ; and in Cafe of fuch ill Practice as aforefaid, fhail be deemed infamous, and fuffer fuch Corporal Punilhment as in Cafes of wilful Perjury.

IX.	That any two Juftices maycaufeto come or to be brought before them, every Perfon within their reipective Limits, whom they fhail have vCm' •i11'"' ^au'c rj fufpeft to have no viiible EPcate, GamFg Profnlien cr Calling, to maintain themfeives by, but do, lor the meft Parr, fnpport themfeives by to lnobu-etic-. Q2mir,g and if luch Perfon fhail not -make it

for their ecod	•*,	, ...	r . .

lit havlour or "»ppear Ifint	principal	part of their	hxpences

commit tk'sjn. is r.ct maintained by Gaming, fuch Tuftices fliall require cf him or them fufficier.t Securities for

their

T voj'iflices mar ciufc PeiT.sns iru/n

Ext raffs front the Penal Law.	245

their good Behaviour for the Space of twelve Months; and in Default of finding Securities, to commit him or them to the common Gaol, until he or they can find fuch Securities.

X.	That Pet tons fo finding Sureties, and

terwards playing or betting during the Time Tor" ^aS^e~ which they fhall be bound, at any one Sitting, for'zos.dif-for any Sum or Thing exceeding in the whole ring the Time the Sum or Value of 2or. lhall be deemed or f°'!eit their taken to be a Breach of his or their Behaviour ^eC0on'zaDCe and a Forfeiture of the Recognizance given for

O	O

the fame.

XI.	That in Cafe any Perfon or Perfons what-

foever, lhall afiauk and beat, or fhall challenge &c' °,n ?c‘.

1 CL	1	d r r, .. 0 count of Mo-

or provoke to right, any other Pcrlon or rerions ney won at

whatfoever, upon Account of any Money won Play, to for-

by Gaming, Playing or Betting, at any of the ail hls

Games aforelaid, lhall, being thereof convicted

upon an Indiftment or Information, forfeit to °nC'

the King all his Goods and Chattels and perlbnal

Eftate whatfoever, and lhall alfo fufter Imprifon-

ment without Bail or Mainprize during the Term

of two Year?.

XII.	By 13 Geo.2. c. 19. That no Plate, Prize,No Pla:e 10 Sum of Money, or other Thing, fhall be run forbj ru‘kf”r’or by any Horic, Marc or Gelding, or advertiled,^vr^'^r 10 publifiied or proclaimed to be run for by any under 50L Horfe, Mare or Gelding, uniefs fuch Plate, Value.

Prize or Sum of Money, fhall be of the full

real and intrinfic Value of 501. And in Cafe any Perfon fhall enter, Hart or run any Plorfe, Mare, or Gelding, contrary to this Act, he fhall forfeit 2001, or lhall make, print, publifh or proclaim any Advertifement contrary thereto, lhall forfeit tool.

R 4	xm,

2i6	ExtraBs from the Venal Laves.

Persons lofmg XIII. By 18 Geo. 2. c. 34. That if any Perfon

Time^orTcl w'n or 1°^ at	or	by	betting at

jn™4 Hours. anY one Time, the Sum or Value of 101, or within 24 Hours, the Sum or Value of 201, he {hall be fined five Times the Value fo won or loft.

Obs. From the infinite Pains the Legijlature has from Lime to Lime taken to provide good and wholefome Laws for the fupprejfion of Gaming, it is evident that this Lice has always been looked upon as the greatejl of Evils, and to be attended with the moft mifcbicvous Conferences; it therefore calls on Magifirates in a particular Manner to be careful in putting thcfe good Laws in Execution, fo nccejfary to prefcrve the Morals of the People, efpedally as the Evil itfelf is even now in a flourijh-ing State.

CHAP. LV.

ExtraBs from 2 ^ Geo. 2. c. ^f.^r elating to the advert:fmg a Reward for tie Return of ‘Things ftolenorhf, andfor the re-imburfing the Profecutors of Felons.

The Perfon j. TTY this Act it is enacted, That any Perfon

Reward for"	publickly	advertifing a Reward with no

the Return of Queftions alked, for the Return of Things

Things stolen which have been ftolen or loft, or making Ufe

or lost, &c. Qf any Words in fuch publick Advertifement,

w.th no qaei- purporting, that fuch Reward fhall be riven or irons sited.	.

paid without ieszingor making Lnquiry after the

Perfon producing fuch Things fo ftolen or Iqft,

pr promifing or offering in any fuch publick Ad-

yertilement,



247

Extracts from the Penal Laws. vertifement, to return to any Pawnbroker or other Perfon, who may have bought or advanced Money by way of Loan upon fuch Things fo ftolen or loft, the Money fo paid or advanced, or any other Sum of Money or Reward for the and ehc Printer Return of fuch Things: And any Perfon print-forfeit 5o1, ing or publifhing fuch Advertifement, (hall re-fpedtively forfeit 50 /. for every fuch Offence.

Qes. 'The Pawnbrokers having agreed to take in the Public Advertifer, it is moft ufeful to ad-vertifc Things loft or ftolen in that Paper. The Gazetteer is aifo ufed for the fame Purpofte.'

II.	The 4 Geo. 1. c. 11. ft. 4. enafts, That Perfons taking wherever any Perfon taketh Money or Reward, j*ewar<Js f°r direftly or indireftly, under Pretence or Account ftoien"G6ods of helping Perlons to any ftolen Goods or Chat- unlefs they tels (unlefs he doth apprehend or caufe to be ap- caufe ‘he Fe-. prehended, the Felon who ftole the fame, and’0"10 caufe fuch Felon to be brought to Trial and give 0 Evidence againft him) he (hall be guilty of Fe- „

lony in fuch and the fame manner, as if he had himfelf ftolen fuch Goods or Chattels.

III.	And it is further enacted, That it fhall )n pro(-ccu. and may be in the Power of. the Court, before tions for Fe-whom any Perlon hath been tried and convicted lony, Court of any Grand or Petit Larceny, or other Felony, ma>r m3Jle at the Prayer of the Profecutor, and on Confi- p^^entof deration of his Circumftances, to order the Trea- the Profecu-furer of the County in which the Offence fhall tor’s Expen-have been committed, to pay unto fuch Profe-ccs-cutor fuch Sum of Money as to the faid Court

fhall feem reafonable, hot exceeding the Expen-ces which it fhall appear to the Court, the Profecutor was put unto in carrying on fuch Profe-cution, making him a reafonable Allowance for his Time and Trouble therein; which Order the PeIk’s,Fe,e

Clerkfcr	'	CWcr'

2 4$

‘Extracts from the Venal han't.

Clerk of Affize, or Clerk of the Peace refpec-tively, is hereby directed and required forthwith to make out and to deliver unto fuch Profecutor, County upon being paid for the fame, the Sum of i s. and Treafurerto no more. And the Treafurer of the County is here-pay theOrder. by authorized and required, upon Sight of fuch Order, forthwith to pay to fuch Profecutor, or other Perfon authorized to receive the lame, fuch Sum of Money as aforefaid, and fhall be allowed the fame in his As counts.

Oes. i. All Profecnters wbofe Circumjlances in-title them to the above Relief Jhottld lake Care to apply to the Court for it, the Moment the Trial is over.

Directions fcr Oss. 2. Bills of Indictments for Felony in the theprofecu- County of Middlefex, are preferred before the ting of Felon:. Qra),j jt:ry at Hicks’s Hall in St. John’s Street, where there are two Clerks, viz. Mr. Sault and Mr. Carter, toho are appointed to draw the fame. Mr. Sauk draws the Indictments againft fuh Felons or Cheats whofe Name or Names begin with any Letter in the Alphabet from A. to I. and Mr. Carter draws thofe againfi fuch whofe Names begin with any Letter in the remaining Part of the Alphabet; and the Profeculors for FelonyJhould endeavour, if poffible, to be at Hicks’s Hall on the Tuefday Morning in the Sejfwns Week, and take with them their Witneffes; and it will always fave their Time, if they carry with them in Writing, the Name or Names of the Prifoner or Prifcners, with the Names of the Witneffes, and an Account of the Things Jlolen, and the Time when, and Parijh where ftclen •, which they muft give to the Clerk of the Indibiments, agreeable to the above Rule of the Alphabet, and if the Bill be there found a true Bill, they muft immediately attend the Old Bailey, where 2	ibc

E>ctraBs from the Penal Laves, the Offender -will be tried, unlcfs it is a petit Larceny, in -which Cafe the Offender -will be tried at Hicks’s Hall•, Per fans may be indited for Frauds or petty Larcenies at Guildhall Weftminiter, -when the Offence is commited in that City and Liberty. The Fees are, for drawing every Bill of Indiflment for Felony 2 s. and for f-wearing each Witnefs 4d. and if the Offence is commited in the City of London, the Prcfecutor miff prefer his Bill of IndiSment at the Old Bailey, and apply to Mr. Reynold,

CHAP. LVI.

ExtraBs from the Laws relating to Hawkers and Pedlars.

I. T) Y 9 y 10 V/. 3. c. 27. Every Hawker, Hawker*,

13 Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or any other ^e^ars’*c-trading Perfon going from Town to Town, or 4' ^ef ■ to other Men’s Houfes, and trading either on Foot or with Horfes or otherwife, carrying to fell or expofing to Sale, any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, fhall pay a Duty of 41, tor each amj traven;ng Year. And every Perfon fo travelling with a with a Horfe, Horfe, Afs or Mule, or other Beaft, bearing or&c. 4I. more; drawing Burden, fhall pay the Sum of 4/ for each Year, over and above the firft mentioned Duty of 41.

II.	If any fuch Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chap- Penalty on ’ man, be found trading as aforefaid, without or Hawkers. &c. contrary to fuch Licence, he Brail for every Offence forfeit 12 I. one Moiety to the Informer,	•

the other to the Poor. And if any fuch Perfon	*

•0 trading, upon Demand made by any Juftice,

250

Extracts from the Penal Laws'.

Mayor, Conftable or other Officer of the Peace, or refilling to ffiall refufe to produce and Aew his Licence for P'oduce the f0 trading, he ffiall forfeit 5 /. to the Church-iame. wardens of the Pariffi where fuch Demand ffiall be made, for the Ufe of the Poor; and for Non-payment ffiall fuffer as a common Vagrant, and be committed to the Houfe of Correction. Hawkers may III. Any Perfon whatfoever may feize and be detained detain any fuch Hawker, &c. till he ffiall protill Licence duce a Licence in that Behalf; and if he ffiall and^if trading f°un(I trading without a Licence, for fuch without Li- 3 reafonable Time as he or ffie may give Notice crace. Penalty to fome Peace or Pariffi Officer, who is required to be levied by t0 carry ffich Perfon before fome Juftice of the Diftrefs and peace. ancj \{ ;t fhall appear to the faid Juftice, 03 e' that the faid Hawker, &c. had traded without a Licence, he may caufe the aforefaid Sum of 12 /. to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, Wares and Merchandizes.

Perfons	IV-	If	any	Perfon ffiall forge or counterfeit

forging or any Licence, or travel with fuch forged or counterfeiting counterfeited Licence, for the Purpofes aforefaid, Licecce- he ffiall forfeit 50/.

Not produ- V. That every Perfon, who being aCtually cing Licence, trading as an Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman, ffiall not, upon Demand, have his Licence ready to be produced, ffiall be adjudged to forfeit, as if he had traded without a Licence : And if any Perfon ffiall lend or let out his Licence, fuch Perfon and the Perfon trading under Colour of the fame, dull either of them forfeit the Sum of 40/. and the Perfon fo lending or letting out to Hire fuch Licence, fliall alfo forfeit the fame. 304 Ann. c, 4. /

VI.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	251

VI.	If any Conftable, Headborough or other Neglefl of Officer, fhall refufe or negleft, upon due No-0fficer" tice, or on his own View, to be aiding and affifting in the Execution of this Aft, and be thereof convifted by the Oath of one Witnefs.

He fhall forfeit the Sum of 40 s. 9 ft? 10 W. 3.

VII.	Any Perfon who fhall fell, hawk, carry -^n>r Verfbn about, utter or expofe to Sale, any News Paper,

or any Book, Pamphlet or Paper, deemed or 0f Unftampt conftrued to be a News Paper, within the In- News Papers; tention and Meaning of any of the Afts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties now in Force, not being ftampt or marked, and be thereof convifted by the Oath of one Witnefs before one Juft ice, fhall be committed to the Houfe of Correftion for any Time not exceeding threea,,<*

4	, t	o	receive 3

Months; and any Perfon may leize, apprehend Rewartj 0f and carry any fuch Offender before a Juftice ofzos. for the Peace; and on producing a Certificate ofeveryHawker fuch Conviftion from fuch Juftice, fhall be inti-conv‘aed' tied to a Reward of 20 s. to be paid by the Receiver General of his Majefty’s Stamp Duties.

Obs. It were much to be ivijhed that this Part of the Revenue was to be raifed by a Pax on Shops, as the Licences to Hawkers and Pedlars are attended with many Inconveniences, and amongjl others, it gives Jews, &c. an Opportunity of felling Jlolen Goods in different Parts of the Kingdom,

C II A P.

252

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

CHAP. LVII.

Extracts from 22 Geo. 2. c. 46. fed. 36 &

37.	and 8 Geo. 1. c. 6. relative to the Affirmation oj Quakers.

AN D whereas a Doubt hath arifen whether the lolemn Affirmation or Declaration of the People called Quakers, prefcribed by 8 Geo. 1. can be allowed and taken inftead of an Oath, in any Cafe wherein by any Aft or Afts of Parliament an Oath is required, unlefs the faid Affirmation or Declaration be by fuch Aft or Ads particularly and exprefsly direfted and allowed to be taken inftead of fuch Oath: By reafon of which Doubt, the Teftimony of the laid People called Quakers, is frequently refufed, whereby the faid People, and others requiring their Evidence, are fuejected to great Inconveniences: Therefore, to remove the faid Doubt, it is, by Affirmation of the faid Act of 22 Geo. 2. enafted, That in Quakers ai- ^ ajj Cafes wherein by any Aft or Afts of Parlia-ofan Oath men!: now 'n f orce, or hereafter to be made, an Oath is or ffiall be allowed, authorized, direfted or required, the folemn Affirmation or Declaration of any of the People called Quakers, in the Form prefcribed by 8 Geo. fball be allowed and taken inftead of fuch Oath, although no particular or exprefs Provifion be made for that Pur-pofe in fuch Aft or Afts; and all Perfons who are or (hall be authorized or required to admi-nifter fuch Oath, ffiall be, and are hereby authorized and required to adminifter the faid Affirmation or Declaration : And the faid lolemn

Af:

53

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

Affirmation or Declaration fo made, (hall be adjudged and taken to be of the fame Force and Effedt, to all Intents and Purpofes, in all Courts of Juftice and other Places where by Law an Oath is or (hall be allowed, authorized, directed or required, as if fuch Quaker had taken an Oath in the ufual Form. And if any Per-fon making fuch Affirmation or Declaration, (hall be lawfully convidted of having wilfully, falfely and corruptly affirmed or declared any Matter or Thing, which, if the fame had been depofed in the ufual Form, would have amounted to wilful and corrupt Perjury; every Perlbn fo offend-ing, (hall incur and l'uffer the like Pains, Pe- faifcaaffirm!n« • nalties and Forfeitures, as by the Laws and Sta-	°

tutes of this Realm are to be inflidted on Perfons convidted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby enadt- p .f ed, That no Quaker (hall, by Virtue of this Adt, be qualified or permitted to give Evidence in any criminal Cafes, or to ferve on Juries, or to bear any Office or Place of Profit in the Government.

And by the faid Adt of 8 Geo. the Form of Affirmation is as follows, viz.

I A. B. do folemnly, fincerely and truely de-Form of

clare and affirm •

Affirmation.

CAUTIONS

254

ExtraBs from the Pendl Lam.

CAUTIONS to Shopkeepers and Tradef-meii in general, and to their Journeymen, Apprentices, Errand Boys and Porters-, and to Book-keepers, Inn-keepers, &c.

ISFORTUNES and Diftreffes have been

obferved to have very different EffeCts according to the Difpofitions of the Party on whom they fall: When well-difpofed Perfons are afflicted, it is apt to make them mild, humble, grateful and refigned •, but when the Malevolent meet with Difficulties, it generally makes them envious, impatient, malicious and repining. Neceffity, they fay, is the Mother of Invention ; and when that arifes rather from Accident than Extravagance, the Invention is ge-

O'	D

nerally employed in what is ufeful to Mankind, and its Productions deferve the Name of Ingenuity ; but when the Neceffity arifes from extravagant Debaucheries, the Invention is then racked to the Injury of Mankind, to obtain their Property, as Fuel for their own Profufe-nefs. The Produce of this Species of Invention is what I call Fraud; and excelling in this Sort of Deceit is what conftitutes the Character of a Gambler, whofe various Devices are the SubjeCt of what follows.

Doubtlefs there are Gamblers in every Rank of Life, as well as Gamefters: As to thofe who trick you out of your Knowledge, by what they commonly call Sucking your Brains, or out of your Reputation, your Wife or your

Daugh-

Extracts from the Penal Laws. Daughter; under the Specious Pretence of Friendflhip, they are out of the Reach of the Law- The greater the Capacity of a Gambler, the more Dangerous he is to Society, as his Abilities and Refolution enable him to execute great and dedruftive Schemes, while thofe of a lower Rank content themfelves with fmaller Acquifitions. But in Order to convey a juft Idea of this Animal, I fhall endeavour to (hew him in all the different Spheres in which he exerts his Ingenuity, from the lowed to the higheft.

A Pickpocket, though a Felon, feems to be in the lowed Clafs of Gamblers •, but his Suc-cefs rather arifes from the Dexterity of his Hands, than the Contrivance of his Head ; and like Rats and other fuch Vermin, they appenrr rather to take the Advantage of your Negligence and Inattention, than to contend with your Underftanding. The firft and lowed Clafs of Gamblers then, who would cheat you with your Eyes open, are thofe who invite you to prick in the Belt or Garter for a Wager and the Certainty of Winning at this Sort of Diverfion appears fo clear to the Novice, thac he never fails to bite, if he be a proper Object. And here I mud premife, that thefe Gamblers are fuch exquifite Judges of their Prey, that they feldom fail of Succefs.

The next Clafs are thofe who find a Paper full of Gold Rings, which they take Care to pick up in the Sight of a proper Object, whofe Opinion they a(k. This Set appear very mean, which gives them an Opportunity of faying they ' had rather have found a good Piece of Bread

256

Extra&s from the Penal Laws. and Chetfe, for that he had not broke his Faft for a whole Day; then wilhes the Gentleman would give him fomething for them, that he might buy himfelf a pair of Shoes, a Coat, fit. The Cull immediately bites, and thinking to make a cheap Purchafe of an ignorant Fellow, gives him 20 s. for four or five Brafs Rings wafhed over- Or what is more frequent, and yet more fuccefsful, is the picking up of a Shilling or a Half-Crown, before the Face of a Countryman, whofe Opinion of it is immediately afked, whether it be Silver or not, and he is invited to Share the Finder’s Good-luck in a Glafs of Wine or Pot of Ale. The harmlefs Countryman, pleafed at fuch an Invitation in a ftrange Place, is carried to an Ale-houfe, where the Sharper’s Friends are waiting for him, and where cutting or playing at Cards is foon pro-pofed, and the Countryman mod certainly tricked out of all his Money, Watch and every Thing valuable he has about him.

The next Sett attend at Inns •, and as Porters are inftrufted to carry Boxes and Parcels that come from the Country, the Gambler takes Notice of the Directions, and fends his Comrade immediately to the Houfe, where he waits for the Arrival of the Porter ; meets him within a few Doors of the Houfe, or if the Door be fhut he (lands on the Steps, and begins immediately to abufe the Porter for his Delay, Damns him, and tells him he was juft coming for it; that he had a great Mind to give him nothing: The Porter aftts Pardon, the Gambler pays him and takes Pofleflion of the Goods, with which lie decamps the Inftant the Porter’s

Back

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws',

Back is turned. And as Tradefmen generally employ Country Fellows for Porters in their Houfesj two or three of thefe Gamblers are generally waiting at the Corner of the Streets near fome of the great Inns; and if they hear one of the Porters, charged with a Box or Bundle, afk his Way to the Inn, one of them -fteps up to him very civilly, tells him that he is going that Way, and will fhew him the Houfe. The Countryman implicitly follows his Guide, whilft the Gambler’s Comrade takes the Hint, marches before and plants himfelf at fome convenient Paflage, puts his Hat into his Pocket, and flicks a Pen in his Wig to repre-fent a Book-keeper; the Guide acquaints the Countryman, that that is the Book-keeper of the Inn, who immediately lays down his Burthen, and the Book-keeper defires him to go over the Way to his Wife for the Key of the Ware-houfe, and in the mean Time the two Gamblers march off with the Goods.

The next Clafs ufe the following Stratagem: One of them goes in the Drefs of a Footman, and defires fome Tradefman to carry Goods to his Mailer, which are generally fent by the Journeyman, who is carried into a Parlour hired for that Purpofe by the Footman, who tells him that he will carry the Goods up to his Mailer, and will bring down an Account of what he chufes •, but the Moment he has got Pofleffion of the Goods, he (huts the Parlour Door, and marches out of the Paflage or if the Mailer has a Mind to afiift the Servant, he fends the Tradefman back for other Sorts; but before he returns makes off with what he has. Servants, who S 2	have

Extracts from the Penal Laws'. have lived with Taylors, Mantua-makers, Milliners, and other Trades that fend frequently to the Shops, have, when they have been difcharg-ed, gone in the Name of their Matters and Mif-treffes to the faid Shops, and taken up great Quantities of Goods, in which they have fuc-ceeded the eafier from their being known to the Shopkeeper. Might it not then be ufeful to give Notice to the Shopkeepers ufed by the faid Trades-people of their Difcharge of fuch a Servant ?

There is another Sett who defraud Tradefmen by taking on themfelves falfe Names, and by pretending to be related to, or connected with, 1‘ome Perfons of Credit and Falhion, and produce falfe Letters to prove their Intimacy. Some of thefe Gamblers attend moft of the Fairs in the Country, where they make it their Bufinefs to enquire at Inns who ferves them with their Wines and Brandies from London; and fifh out of Shopkeepers the Names of the Tradefmen here who fupply them with Goods. Fumiflied with this Knowledge, they come tp London, and one Day appearing in the Character of a Country Inn-keeper, they go to the Diftiller, whofe Name they have learned, telling him he has taken an Inn in fuch a Country; that he was recommended to him by one of his Cuftomers, whofe Name he tells him, and defcribes his Houfe and Family. The Diftiller’s Sufpicion being lulled afleep by this Stratagem, he chearfully fupplies his new Cuftomer with fome of his bell: Goods, and fends them to fome appointed Inn in Town, from whence they are conveyed by the Gambler and converted into Calh, by felling them as

Run Goods for half Price, The very fame Scheme is pradifed on Grocers and other Shopkeepers, only by changing their Charader into that of a Country Shopkeeper: It is immaterial to them what Goods they purchafe. A Gambler the other Day bought of a Farmer ten Ton of Potatoes, to be delivered one Ton at a Time, and when two Tons were delivered, they were to be paid for; but when the fecond Ton came, the Gambler difappeared, and had not the Farmer been a Man of Spirit, he would have loft his Property, but finding himfelf defrauded he took Poffeffion of the Gambler’s Warehoufe, and refcued his Goods out of his Hands.

There is another Set of Gamblers, commonly called Duffers, who attend at Chari ng-Cr ofs, ac St. Clements-Churchy and Ludgate-IIil!, and invite you to go down fome Alley, and buy fome cheap India Handkerchiefs and Waiftcoats; but this Cheat growing ftale, they ufe another Method, which of late has been very fuccefsfu!: They apply themfelves to fome young Publican to borrow 20 or 301, to make up a Sum ; and to fhew they do not want Money in general, they produce a large Purfe well crammed with Counters and Bral's Medals, which they give the Publican a diftant View of, that he may take it for Money; they then produce fome Silk Waiftcoats embroidered with Tinfel, which if noc ftriftly examined, may pafs for Silver; thefe Waiftcoats they propofe with other India Goods made in Spital-Fields, to leave in the Hands ot the Publican or his Wife, as a Security for the Money they want, who ignorant of the S 3	Value

ExtraBs from the Fenal Laws.

Value of the faid Goods, generally fall into their Trap.

The following Stratagem has been of late very fuccefsful. The Gambler goes to a Shop, and with great Coolnefs and Compofure, looks over many Goods, deals hard, calls himfelf a ready-money Cuftomer, and expects for that Reafon to buy cheaper 5 the Goods being pitched on and their Price fixed, he orders them to be packed up with a Bill and Receipt, and to be fent to his Houfe in about an Hour, where he promifes to be and to pay for them. Sufpicion being thus removed, the Porter carries the Goods, but the Gentleman is not come home, though the Wife is there, rbady to receive all that comes, and who generally by Artifice baffles the Porter, and gets Pofifeffion of the Goods. The Tradefman calls Time after Time, but the Gentleman is not at Home, and the Truth is, he lodges at fome dit'tant Part of the Town, and makes Ufe of this Houfe only as a WaYehoufe, to depofit fuch Goods as he can obtain by Fraud from Tradefmen.

In the Cafes of fuch ready-money Cuftomers as thefe, Porters fflould be direfted not to leave the Goods till they have received the Money for them, on Pain of paying for them themfelves.

The higheft Rank of Cheats who attack the Underftanding, have made Ufe of the following Stratagems: One of the Gang, who is happieft in his Perfon, and has the bell: Addrels, is pitched upon to take a Houfe, which, by Means of the extreme good Charafter given of him by his Comrades to the Landjord, is foon accom-plilhed. The next Confideration is to furnilh

Extra&s from the Penal Laws.

it, when Mr.--------,	a	young Ironmonger juft

fet up, is pitched upon to provide the Squire's Grates; who glad of fo fine an Order, foon ornaments his Chimnies with thofe of the ncweft

Falhion. This being done, Mr.-----------, the

Upholder, is immediately applied to for other Furniture, and is brought to the Houfe in Order that he may fee the Grates, which he no fooner beh •Ids, than he tells, his Honour that he could have furnilhed him likewife with Grates of the bell: Kind at the moll: reafonable Rates; to which 'Squire Gambler replies, that he intends taking fome little Villa in the Country, where

Mr.---------fhall furnifh every Thing he can.

The Houfe being now compleatly Furnilhed, the 'Squire drefies himfelf in his Morning Gown, Velvet Cap, and red Morocco Slippers, puts one or more of his Comrades into Livery, then fends for Taylor, Linen-Draper, Silverfmith, Jeweller, &c. takes upon him the Character of a Merchant, and by getting Credit of one by pawning the Goods the Moment he has got them, he is enabled to pay ready Money to others-, by which Means he extends his Credit and inereafes his Orders till he is detected which fometimes does not happen till he has defrauded Tradefmen to a very confiderable Value. Nay, I have known them fometimes carry their Scheme fo far as to fix one of their Comrades at fome Rendezvous in Wrapping, in the Charafter of a Captain of a Vefiel lying at fuch Stairs, and bound to fome of the American Plantations, by which Means the aforefaid Merchant procures Goods to be lent Aboard ; and as his Credit advances, he makes ufe of Draughts, which are conlfantly accepted by his Comrades, who have S 4	con-

262

Extracts from xoe Penal Laws. conftantly changed their Lodgings when the laid Draughts have become due.

There is a Sett of Sharpers, who have lately purchafed feveral Eftates without Money, in the following manner: They make a Bargain with the Seller or his Agent for the Eftate, in Con-fequence of which they draw Articles of Agreement, by which they oblige themfelves to pay the Purchafe Money at fuch a Time, and give a Bond for the Performance of Covenants They then immediately go to the Tenant, to lliew him the Articles of Agreement, and tell him that he will foon have a new Landlord; upon which the Farmer begins to complain of the old One, and hopes his Honour will repair this, rebuild that, and alter fomething elfe, which the new Landlord promifes to do. Credit being thus gained with the Tenant, the new Landlord falls in Love, perhaps, with the Farmer’s Daughter, or with a fine Horfe, or elfe borrows Money of him, and gives him a Draught upon his Banker in Town, who feldom has any Calh in Hand, and often is not to be found.

There are a Sett of Cheats, who conftantly attend at Inns, to which Coaches and Waggons come; and if any Balkets, Bundles or Portmanteaus, are put into Hackney Coaches, or fent from thence by Porters, they immediately follow them, and take the nrft Opportunity of getting them into their Poffeffion, either by fending the Porter on fome Meffage, for a Bottle of Wine, &c. pretending to take Care of their Goods the while, or elfe by following them to the Door where they are going, and pretending to be the Servant of the Houfe, or by fome fuch Trick. At other Times they walk up and down in Inn-2	Yards,

xixtraEis from the renut Jutivis.

Yards, in the Dufk of the Evening, at a Distance from the Warehoufe; and if any Porter or Apprentice brings a Parcel, and enquires for the Book-keeper, his Hat in a Minute is whipt into his Pocket, and a Pen in his Mouth; The Porter is fent into the Tap-houfe of fome Mef-fage, and the Shaper efcapes. Sometimes they go into a Publick-houfe, and defire them to fend a. Gallon of Beer to fome Neighbour, whofe Name they have enquired, and to bring Change for a Guinea, which is generally fent by the Maid or fome little Boy. The Sharper takes Care to meet the Boy in the Way, receives the Change and -Beer, fends him back for a Pipe, and then makes off. Thefe Sharpers likewife, Sometimes, take Portmanteaus from behind Stage-Coaches, when there are no outfide Paffengers, out of the Tails, of Waggons, or from behind Poft-Chai-fes, or out of Shops in the Evenings, where Goods lie near the Window, or out of Shew-Glaffes, by breaking the Glafles. To prevent fome of thefe Evils, the following Cautions would be Ufeful ■, firft, for Book-keepers and Inn-keepers to keep their Yards clear from loitering Fellows, and to caution their Porters not to deliver Goods at the Outfide of the Door of any Houfe to which they are fent; To caution the Waggoners and Stage Coachmen to watch their Coaches and Waggons off the Stones j Shop-keepers (hould remove Goods from their Windows or Shew-Glafles, early in the Evening, and to fix a Bell at their Shop-Door at that Time: To direct their Porters, Apprentices, and Errand-Boys, when fent with Parcels, to be cautious ofafking their Way in the Streets, but at Houfes or Shops; or of entering into any

Con?

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Converfation with Strangers •, or to carry Mef-fages for them, always to deliver the Goods in the Infide of a Warehoufe or Inn, or the Infide of a Houfe whither they are fent to: Sometimes thefe Sharpers, when Families are out of Town, carry fome old infignificant Books to the Servant, and tell them they are come for the lecond Sub-fcription; which, if they do not pay now’, their Mailer or Lady will never have their Books; by which they obtain of fome a Guinea, and fome lefs •, or elfe they find out the Servant’s Name and Country ; come and tell them there lies a Parcel at fome Inn, directed for them till called for, demand the Money for Carriage, and then give them a Note to fetch the Goods •, or elfe they watch the Mailer out, and come as a Waiter from a Coffee Houfe, to fetch their Maf-ter’s Great Coat, or elfe as a Taylor’s Apprentice or Journeyman, to fetch a Suit of Cloaths to alter. Some of thefe Sharpers make it their Bufinefs to deceive young Women, and obtain their Money and Cloaths under Pretence of marrying them; by which lad Stratagem many young Women have loll their Places, their little Money, and all their Apparel.

A new Species of Cheat has lately been pra«-tifced by a Gambler and his Gang, who, to my Knowledge, have pradtifed every other with Impunity, and is what follows The Head of the Party calls himlelf a Coal-Merchant, in which Charafter he applies to fome Tradefman. to buy Goods in his Way ; tells him he is out of Calh, but if he chufes, will pay him in Coals, of which he is rather overftocked. The Tradefman approving of this, the Gambler goes down to fome Wharf, and orders one or more Chaldron of

Coals

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

Coals to be delivered at thatTradefman’s Houfe for his Ufe. Thus far the Gambler who attacks theUnderftanding.

I lhall now mention a Set of Cheats who make a Dupe of the Heart, and impofe on the Benevolence and Companion of the C. haritable j thefe are called Shy-Farmers, and execute their Schemes in the following Manner ; one of them dreffes himfelf extremely genteel, and takes upon himfelf either the Charafter of a private Gentleman or reputable Tradefman. He is attended by-two Men in the Charafter of Country Farmers, with clumfey Boots, Horfeman’s Coats, &c. The Objefts pitched upon for Impofition, are good old charitable Ladies, to whom the Solicitor tells a dreadful Story of Lolfes by Fire, Inundation, &c. to the utter Ruin of thefe two poor Farmers and all their Families; their Wives are big with Child, their Children down in the Small-Pox, &?r. A Book is then produced by the Solicitor, who undertakes this difagreeable Office purely out of Good-Nature, knowing the Story to be true. In this Book are the Names of the Nobility and Gentry fet down by him-feif, who have contributed to this Charity ; and by fetting out with falfe Names, they at length get real ones, which are of great Service to them in carrying on their Fraud; and well-difpofed Perfons are daily impofed upon by falfe Appearances of Diftrefs. There are' Perfons in this Town who get a very good Livelihood by writing Letters and Petitions of this Stamp, with which thofe Noblemen and Gentlemen, who are diftinguifhed for their Generofity and Benevolence, are conftantly tormented, and thefe Y*Trecthes often obtain Relief for their falfe Dif-

trefies,

trefles, whilft the really miferable fuffer, from their Modefty, the acuteft Affliftions. A Woman fluffed up as if fhe was ready to lye in, with two or three borrowed Children, and a Letter giving an Account of her Hufoand’s falling off a Scaffold and breaking his Limbs, or being drowned at Sea, &c. is an irrefiftable Objeft.

Laftly, the following Cautions to Inns and Livery Scabies may not be ufelefs; it is become a Trick for a Man to Hire a Horfe at one Place, and at his Return to London to put him up at another as his own, and to borrow Money at that Place, and then give Notice to the Owner of the Horfe where he is.

As Perfons coming to London in a Stage-Coach from a Diftance, are defirous of getting into a Hackney Coach as foon as they can, they flop at the firft Stand, which is generally near fome Inn ; here the Sharpers attend, and by their pretending to be Porters, or by other Stratagems, frequently rob the Paffengers of their Box or Portmanteau-, who being eager to fee their Friends, throw afide their Caution, and truft too much to the Care of the Coachman. Thefe fort of Sharpers alfo attend the unloading of Road Waggons, where Quantities of Goods are put into a Cart to be dilperfed about Town; this Cart they follow till they have an Opportunity of taking fomething out of it, while the Carter or Porter is making fome Enquiry; a Man riding in thefe Carts would prevent thefe Robberies. Faflening Portmanteaus behind Poft-Chailes with Chains -inllead of Straps, w ill preferve them; and Stable-keepers not letting their Saddle-Horfes to Strangers, unlefs they bring fome

Perfons

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws. Perfons with them known to the Stable-keeper, will prevent many Highway Robberies.

267

A PLAN for the further ■ Prevention of Frauds and Felonies committed on FradcJ~ men and Shopkeepers.

AS Shopkeepers are more fubjeft to the In* roads of Cheats and Thieves than other Perfons, from the Neceflity they are under of expofing their Goods in apublick Manner; and as the Expence and Lofs of Time in Profecutions, added to the Lofs of their Goods, deters many from bringing i'uch Offenders to Juftice, by which Lenity they are encouraged to continue their villainous Praftices, to the Injury of Trade? it is apprehended that an Affociation of Tradef-men and Shopkeepers, under the following Reftri&ions, will, by rendering the Deteclioa and Punifnment of the faid Offenders more eafy, be a great Security to Property, and deter evil-difpofed People from fixing on Shopkeepers as the Objefts of their Prey. Experience has proved the great Utility of the Subfcription among the Merchants, for the preventing of Robberies on the Keys out of Ships, Lighters, &c. The Subfcription among the Nobility and Gentry for the Prefervation of the Game, has alfo proved that the united Endeavours of many, when formed into a Body, by leflening the Expence of each Individual, is more likely to fupprefs a publick Evil, than each Man afting for himfelf; it is therefore propoled, That as many Tradef-

cien

268

Ext raffs from the "Penal Law's.

men and Shopkeepers, as fhall approve of this' Plan, fhall form themfelves into a Society, By the Name and Title of A Society for the Security of Trade, by bringing Cheats and Felons to Juftice.

I.	That out of the Society three Perfons be chofe as Treafurers, to whom all Subfcriptions fhall be paid once a Month by the Secretary,

II.	That the Secretary keep a Book at his Houfe for the Entry of the Names and Subfcriptions as they are paid in.

III.	That out of the Lift of the Society, the Names of twelve Perfons fhall be taken according to their Seniority, the three firft of which fhall be the Trealurers, as a Committee; this Committee to laft for a Year, and to execute the Bufinefs of the Society for that Year.

IV.	That this Committee (hall meet once a Month, when they fhall be attended by the Solicitor of the Society, who fhall alfo be their Secretary •, who fhall then and there make Report to them of all Perfons in Cuftody for Fraud or Felony committed on any Member of the Society, and take their Directions for the Profe-cution.

V.	That the Solicitor fhall be impowered to disburfe fuch Money for the purfuing or adver-tifing fuch Offenders before they are taken, as the Magiftrate fhall direft; and that no Bill of this Kind fhall be paid the faid Solicitor, unlefs figned by the Magiftrate.

VI.	That the Money l’ubfcribed fhall be paid into a Banker’s Hand, or into the Bank, from whence no Part of it fhall be taken, but by a Draught figned by the three Perfons appointed

Treafurers

269

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws. Treafurers for the Time being •, but the Solicitor fliall always have 20/. in his Hands for immediate Ufe, to be accounted for.

VII.	That the Committee {hall meet once a Month, and be allowed 1 s. each for their Expence ; and that any Member of the Society may be prelent at the lame Committee, but they ihall not be allowed any Thing for their Expence, nor have any Vote in the Bufinefs going forward, and not lefs than five of the Committee to be a Board.

Vllf. The Chairmen of the faid Committee Ihall take it by Turns according to their Seniority, as they (land on the Lift of Subfcribers; and the Day before the Meeting of fuch Committee, the Solicitor fhall lend Notice to the twelve Members, and acquaint them wiiofe Turn it is to be in the Chair.

IX.	That a'Regifter oftheProfecutions carried on by the faid Society, fhall be kept by the Secretary, containing a lhort Abftraft of every Cafe, fubjeft to the Examination of every Member of the Society •, and that no Aft or Order fliall be put in Execution without the Confent of the Majority of the Committee.

X.	That any Member of the Society, attended by the Solicitor, fliall always be intitled to Sir John Fielding's Opinion, Gratis, on any Cafe relating to the faid Society. No Perfon to be benefited by the Society that is not a Subfcriber, or who fhall defer the Payment of their fecond or any fubfequent Subfcription, more than a Month after it is due.

XI.	That twice a Year as many of the Society as think proper to attend, be called together by Means of an Advertiiement put in the

Paper

270

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

Paper a Week before the Day of the Meeting,-in Order to hear the Tranfadtions of the Society, together with the Bills of Profecution, &c. read over; at which Times only, new Laws for the Government of the Society lhall be propofed and confirmed by the Confent of the Majority of the Members then prefent.

XII.	And that a Fortnight before the lafl: Meeting in the Year, the Perfons who are to luc-ceed as Treafurers and Committee, fhall have Notice of the fame; and if any of them do not choofe to be of the Committee, that they immediately declare it to the Secretary, who fliall fum-mons others in their room, in Order to make up the Number twelve.

XIII.	That the annual Subfcription be Five Shillings.

Was a Plan of this fort once begun, much more perfedt Rules for its Regulation than the above might be made ; thefe being only thrown out to be improved by others.

RULES propofed by Sir John Fielding, hint, and unanimoujly ajfented to by a fele£l Body of Pawnbrokers, in the Tear 1758, jor their future Obfervance, as a farther Prevention of Frauds and Felonies.

J. Q O M E one publick News-Paper to be O fixed on by them, to be taken in, and publick Notice co be given of the fame. This

will

ExtraSls from the "Penal Laws. will fave Expences to the Pawnbrokers of different Papers, and Ihew the Publick where to ad-vertife Things loft, ftqlen or fraudulently obtained •, the Public Adveriifer was then fixed on to be the Paper taken in. .

II.	A correft Lift of the Pawnbrokers Names and Places of Abode to be given to Sir John Lidding, that Hand-Bills may be fent •, which, as they make no Noife, may often dcteft in Cafes of Confequenoe. Thefe Bills may be numbered,' fo that if any Pawnbroker finds himfelf neglefted by their not being brought regularly, he may complain to that Magiftrate. ...

III.	It would be ufeful to diftinguifh the Time of Day in which every Pledge is received ; Ex.gr. for the Morning write M. for the Afternoon A. for this may often prove material Evidence.

IV.	To advertife at the Pawnbroker’s Expence, the Claufes relating to the puriilhment of Perfons pawning Goods without the Confent of the Owners; and the Pawnbrokers Power of (topping Perfons fufpefted.

V.	Pawnbrokers tolhut up Shop at Nine, frorii Michaelmas to Lady Day; and at Ten from Lady Day to Michaelmas, Saturday excepted ; and to exclude them from their feleft Society, that will not comply therewith.

VI.	This feleft Body to ufe their belt Endeavours to convift Offenders againft the Sabbath ; and likewife to convift Perfons offending againft the late Aft of Parliament, in not making proper Enquiries, and fuch Entries in their Books as is thereby required. This vigoroufly executed, will deftroy Petty Pawnbrokers who keep Chandlers-Shops and Alehoufes; by whom it has

T	been

Extracts from the Penal Laws. been too common for ftolen Goods to be received.

VII.	To take nothing in of a ftrange Mefien-ger, that may not be fuppofed to be their own, uniefs you take down the Name of the real Owner, their Place of Abode, &c. and in Pledges of Confequence, fuch as Plate, Jewels, &c. to fend to the Owner.

VIII.	To keep a Book on Purpofe for Watches, in which ail Watches advertifed to be loft or llolen, fhould be entered.

IX.	To take no Goods whatfoever of any Soldier in his Regimentals.

X.	No Perfon to be admitted a Member of the felecl: Body, who has not ferved a regular Apprenticelhip to the Bufinefs, uniefs balloted in by the Society.

XI.	Never to fend a Boy before a Magiftrate or Court of Juftice, when the Mafter can attend and give the fame Evidence.

XII.	To be particularly careful in receiving Piece Goods, as an Error or Miftake of that Kind may bring a ftronger Imputation.

XIII.	To receive no Pledges from Children, uniefs their Parents or Mafters or Miftreffes are well known to the Pawnbroker, and in general to avoid fo doing as much as Poffible.

XIV.	Great Care (hould be taken to keep Books with the utmoft Regularity, as they may come under the Cognizance of the Magiftrates.

XV.	That every' Member of the Society Ihould have the Name of the neareft Conftable to him and that his Servants Ihould know the fame, and to have a By-word to his Servants to go for the Conftable.

FELO-

Ex trails from the Penal Laws,

<73

FELONIES by STATUTE.

i.QTEALING Money, Goods or Chattels in stealing to the

O the Day-Time, being of the Value of Value of 5 a. five Shillings or upwards, out of any Dwelling-out of.a Houfe or Houfes, or any Part thereof, or any Houfe"no Out-Houfe or Out-Houfes, belonging and ufed perfon’being to and with any Dwelling-Houfe or Houfes, al-therein, though no Perfon fhall be in the faid Houfe or Out-Houfes at the Time of fuch Felony committed ; is Felony without Clergy. 39 Eliz. c. 15.

2.	Robbing any Perfon, or felonioufly taking Robbing any away any Goods or Chattels, being in any Dwel- Per(°n ling-Houfe, the Owner or any other Perfon be-

ing therein, and put in Fear; or robbing anyID® °U e> Dwelling-Houfe in the Day-Time, any Perfon being therein •, or comforting, aiding, abetting, aifitling, counfelling, hiring, or commanding any Perfon or Perfons to commit any of the faid Offences, or to break any Dwelling-Houfe, shop or Shop or Warehoufe, thereunto belonging, or Warehoufe, therewith ufed, in the Day-Time, and feloni-oufiy take away any. Money, Goods or Chattels, of the Value of five Shillings or upwards, therein being, although no Perfon (hall be within fuch Dwelling-Houfe, Shop or Warehoufe; or counfelling, hiring or commanding any Perfon to commit any Burglary, is Felony without Benefit 0r committing of Clergy. 3 W. & M. C. 9 f. I.	•	any Burglary.

3.	Taking away, with an Intent to deal, im-Robbing bezziling or purloining any Chattel, Bedding, or furnifhed Furniture which by Contrail or Agreement were ^'Jging.

T 2	let

274	Extracts from the Penal	Laws'.

let to ufe, in or with any Lodging; is made Felony with Clergy. 3 W. & M. c. 9. f. 5. Stealing 40s.	^ Felonioufly ftealing any.Money, Goods or

Hns-Houfe 65" Chattels, Wares or Merchandizes, of the Value °	'	of	Forty	Shillings	or	more,	being	in any Dwel-

ling-Houfe or Out-Houfe thereunto belonging, although fuch Houfe or Out-Houfe be not actually broken by fuch Offender, and although the Owner of fuch Goods, or any other Perfon or Perfons be or be not in fuch Houfe or Out-Houfe •, or affifting or aiding any Perfon or Per-fons to commit any fuch Offence, is Felony without Clergy. 12 Ann. c. j.feti. 1. This Claufe extends not to Apprentices under the Age of fifteen Years. Sett. 2.

Stealing Or- 5. Stealing or taking by Robbery', any Excbe-ders. Tallies, quer Orders, or Tallies, or other Orders, intitling Bonds, Notes, any other Perfon or PerLns to any Annuity or Share in any parliamentary Fund, or any Exchequer Bills, Bank Notes, South Sea Bonds, Eaji-India Bonds, Dividend Warrants of the Bank, South Sea Company, Eafl India Company, or any other Company, Society or Corporation, Bills of Exchange, Navy Bills or Debentures, Goldfmiths Notes for Payment of Money, or other Bonds or Warrants, Bills or promiflory Notes for the Payment of any Money, being the Property of any other Perfon or Perfons, or of any Corporation, notwithftanding any of the faid Particulars are termed in Law a Cbofe in Addon, lhall be deemed and conftrued to be Felony, of the fame Nature and in the fame Degree, and with or without the Benefit of Clergy', in the fame Manner as it would have been, if the Offender had ftolen or taken by Robbery any other Goods of the like Value, with the Money due

on

275

ExtraEls from the Penal Laws.

on fnch Orders, Tallies, GY. orfecured thereby, and remaining unfatisfied. 2 Geo. 2. c. 25. f. 3.

6. Falfly Making, Forging or Counterfeiting, or caufing or procuring to be falfly made, forg- Forgery, ed, or counterfeited, or willingly afting or af-fifting, in the falfe Making, Forging or Counterfeiting any Deed, Will, Teftament, Bond,

, Writing Obligatory, Bill of Exchange, Pro-mifl'ory Note for Payment cf Money, Indorfe-ment or Afiignment of any Bill of Exchange or Promifibry Note for Payment of Money, or any Acquittance or Receipt, either for Money oy Goods, with Intention to defraud any Perfon whatfoever; or uttering orpublifhing as true, any falfe, forged or counterfeited Deed, Will, Tef-tament. Bond, Writing obligatory. Bill of Exchange, Promifibry Note for Payment of Money, Indorfement or Afiignment of any Bill of Exchange, or Promifibry Note for Payment of Money, Acquittance or Receipt, either for Money or Goods, with Intention to defraud any Perfon, knowing the fame to be falfe, forged or counterfeited, is Felony without Benefit of Cler-

gy. 2 Geo. 2. c. 25./. i.

7. Forging or counterfeiting Mediterranean Counterfeiting Pafles, or afting or allilting therein, is Felony Mcditcrra-without Benefit of Clergy.	r,can Pa<re-'-

S. Falfely Making, Altering, Forging or Forging Ac-Counterfeiting, or caufing or procuring to be cep.ance to falfely made, altered, forged, or counterfeited, pi!ls of or willingly acting or affiiiing in the falfe Ma- tx-1'a‘:Sc-king. Altering, Forging or Counterfeiting any Acceptance of any Bill of Exchange, or the Number or principal Sum of any accountable Receipt for any Note, Bill, or other Security for Payment of Money, or any Warrant or Or-T 3	tier

276

Forging Ex-cheqaer Bills,

Extracts from the Penal Law. der for Payment of Money, or Delivery of Goods, with Intention to defraud any Perfon whatfo-ever or pu'olifhing the fame as true, knowing it to be forged, is Felony without Benefit of Clergy. 7 Geo. 2. c. 22.

9. The 30lb of Geo. 2. c. 7. feet. 156. en-afts, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall forge or counterfeit any Exchequer Bill which fhall have been made forth by virtue of this Aft, before the fame fhall be paid off and cancelled, or any Exchequer Bill to be renewed or made forth in purfuance of this Aft, or any Indorfement or Writing thereon, or therein, or tender in Payment, any fuch forged or counterfeit Bill, or any Exchequer Bill with fuch counterfeit Indorfement or Writing thereon, or fhall demand to have fuch counterfeit Bill, or any fuch Exchequer Bill with fuch counterfeit Indorfement or Writing thereupon, or therein, exchanged for ready Money by any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies politick or corporate, who fhall be obliged or required to exchange the fame, or by any other Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, knowing the Bill fo tendered in Payment or demanded to be exchanged, or the Indorfement or Writing thereon or therein, to be forged or counterfeit, and with Intent to defraud his Majefty, his Heirs or Suc-ceffors, or the Perfons to be appointed to pay off the fame, or any of them, or to pay any Inte-reft thereupon, or the Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies politick or corporate, who will contract to circulate or exchange the fame, or any of them, or any other Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies politick or corporate ; fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be adjudged guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

ic. Bv

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.	277

10. By 8 Geo. 1. c. 22. feel. i. it is enafted,Forging La. That if any Perlbns whatfoever (hall forge orcmafltf counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counter- slices feited, or knowingly and wilfully ad or affift in0fandin the the forging or counterfeiting any Letter of At- capital Stock torney or other Authority or Inllrument to tranf-an<i ^un<*s fer, affign, fell or convey any Share or Shares, ^b0'fparija-or any Part of any fuch Share or Shares of any n,gllt( &Ci capita] Stock or Stocks, or to receive any Annuity or Annuities, Dividend or Dividends, or any Part thereof, or (hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, cr knowingly and wilfully aft or aflift in the forging or counterfeiting any the Name or Names of any the Proprietors of any fuch Share or Shares in Stock, or of any the Perfons intitled to any fuch Annuities, &c. in or to any fuch pretended Letter of Attorney, Inftrument or Authority, or (hall knowingly and fraudulently demand or endeavour to have any fuch,Share or Shares in Stock, cr any Part thereof, transferred, aligned, fold, or conveyed, or fuch Annuities, &c. or any Part thereof to be received by virtue cf any fuch counterfeit or forged Letter of Attorney,

Authority orlnftrument, or (hall falfly and deceitfully perfenate any true and real Proprietors of the (aid Shares in Stock, Annuities and Dividends, or any of them, and thereby transferring or endeavouring to transfer the Stock, or re-

0<	O.	,	'	-

ceiving or endeavouring to receive the Money of fuch true and lawful Proprietor, as if fuch Offender were the true and lawful Owner thereof s all and every fuch Offender or Offenders (hall, on Conviftion, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and (hall fuffer Death without Benefit of Clergy.

T 4

11. By

27S

Forging the Hand of the Accountant to a Certificate to receive Suitors Effects in the Bank,

or any Eaft India or South-Sea Bond, Felony without Clergy.

Counterfeit-in? Stands.

ExtraSls from the Penal Latsis.

11.	By io. Geo. i. c. 31. felt. 9. it is enafted. That no Perfon (hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly aft or a (Tilt in the forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand of the Accountant General, the Regifter, the Clerk of the Report-Office, or any of the Caffiiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to any Certificate, Report, Entry, Indorfement, Declaration of Truft, Note, Direction, Authority, Inftruments cr Writing whatfoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any the Money or E (lefts of any of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, or Ihall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly aft or aflift in forging or counterfeiting any Certificate, Report, Entry, Indorfement, &c. made by fuch Accountant General, Regifter, Clerk of the Report-Office, or any of the Calhiers of the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Bond or Obligation under the common Seal of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafi Indies, or any Indorfement or Affignment thereon, or on any Bond or Obligation under the Common Seal of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, and for the encouraging the Eilheiy-, or (hall utter or pub)i(h any fuch, knowing the fame to be forged' cr counterfeited, with Intention to defraud any Perfon whatfoever; on Pain r.f Death, without Benefit of Clergy.

12.	That if any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, .(hall counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Mark, to refemble any Scamp or Mark which (hall be provided, made or uled in purfuance of this Act,

Oi

I

Extracts from the Penal Lam.	zyt

or {ball counterfeit or refemble the Impreflionof the fame thereby, upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or (hall utter, vend or fell, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper with fuch counterfeit Mark or Stamp thereupon, knowing fuch Stamp or Mark to be counterfeit; or if any Perl'on whatfoever (hall privately and fraudulently ufe any Stamp or Mark thereby to defraud her Ma-jeftyher Heirs or Succeffors, of any Duty upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper thereby granted; every Perfon fo offending, {hall, on Convidion, fuffer Death without Benefit of Clergy. 10 Ann. c. ig.fetl. 115.

13.	Perfans guilty of wilful and corrupt Per-perjury, jury, or Subornation of Perjury, over and above

all former Punifhments to be infiifted on fuch ■Offenders, may be committed by the Court or Judge, to fome Houfe of Correftion, or tranf-ported for feven Years. 2 Geo. 2. c. 25. feti. 2.

14.	Entering into the Manfion or Dwelling-Houfe of another by Day or by Night, without BurSW-breaking the fame, with Intent to commit Felony •, or being in fuch Houfe committing any Felony, and in Night-Time breaking fuch Houfe

to get out of the fame, is Burglary, and fuch Offenders are oufted of the Benefit of their Clergy. 12 Ann. c. 7. Stat. 1. SeU. 3.

15.	That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall for-Rape and Ra-tune to commit or do any Manner of felonious of Rape, Ravifliment or Burglary, and (hall beM°™n^jra found guilty of any the faid Offences, by Ver- a„d Damfels, did, or that any Perfon or Perfons (hall fortune and Burglary, to be out-lawed for any the Offences aforefaid,

or upon his or their Arraignment fliall confels any fuch felonious Rape or Burglary; every Perfon and Perfons fo being found guilty, outlawed,

280

Buggery and Eeihality.

Stealing Goods in any Shop. Ware-Tloufe,

Coach Honfe or Stable.

Bankrupts.

Extracts from the Penal Lais'.

Jawed, or confeffing any of the faid Felonies, Rapes or Burglaries, Ihall fufFer Death as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. 18 Eliz. c. 7. [eft. 1.

16.	Buggery with Mankind or Beaft, is Felony without Benefit of Clergy. 25 H. 8. c. 6. made perpetual by 33 H. 8. c. 3. and repealed in Part by 2 3 3 Ed. 6. c. 29. and in the Whole by 1 M. Sfjf. 1. c. 1. and revived and made perpetual by 5 Eliz. c. 17.

17.	Privately and felonioufiy dealing, by Night or in the Day-Time, any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, in any Shop, Warehoufe, Coach-Houle or Stable, being of the Value of 5 s. or more (although fuch Shop, Warehouie, Coach-Houfe or Stable, be not actually broke open by fuch Offender or Offenders, or any other Perlon or Perfons be or be not in fuch Shop, 13c. to be put in Fear-,) or affifting, hiring or commanding any Perfon or Perlons to commit fuch Offence, is Felony without Clergy. 10 £5? 11 W. 3. c. iq.feft. 1.

18.	Refufing to furrender (within forty-two Days after Notice thereof in Writing, to be left at the ufual Place of Abode of the Bankrupt, or perfonal Notice if the Bankrupt be then in Pri-fon, and Notice given in the London Gazette, of the awarding and iffuing out of fuch Commiffion, and of the Time and Place of a Meeting of the Commiffior.ers, or the major Part of them) to the faid Commiffioners, or the major Part of them, and fign and fubferibe fuch Surrender, and fubruit to be examined from Time to Time upon Oath, and in all Things conform to the feveral Statutes already made and now in Force concerning Bankrupts; or removing, concealing

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	2 81

.cealing or embezziling any Effefts or Eftate, whether real or perfonal, to the Value of twenty Pounds, or any Books of Account, Papers or Writings relative thereto, with Intent to defraud the Creditors, is Felony without Benefit of Clergy. 5 Geo. 2. c. 30. felt. r.

Perfons concealing the Effefts of any Bankrupt forty-two Days after the ifi'uing of fuch CommilTion of Bankrupt, forfeit 100/. and double the Eftate and Effefts fo concealed, for the Benefit of the Creditors of fuch Bankrupt. Sett. 21.

39. This Offence is made Felony without Clergy, by 9 Geo. 1. c. 22. and by 27 Geo. c. 15. as^erPage 149.

20.	Subjefts of the Crown of Great Britain, Milling in or who fhall .enlift or enter themfeves, within thefor foreign Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, or withoutScrvlce' the fame, or any Perfons procuring any Subjeft of his Majefty to enlift or enter, or hiring or retaining any Perfon, being a Subjeft of his Ma-jefiy, with intent to caufe fuch Perfon to enlift or enter; or procuring any Perfon, being a Subjeft of his Majefty, to go beyond the Seas, or embark with Intent and in Order to be enlilled, to ferve any foreign Prince, State or Potentate, as a Soldier, without Leave or Licence of his Majefty, his Heirs or Succefl'ors, under his Sign Manual, are deemed guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy. 9 Geo. 2. c. 30. fedl. 1.

Perfons inveigled fo to enlift themfelves, making a Difcovery in fourteen Days to a Ju-ftice of the Peace or other Civil Magiftrate, fo as fuch Offender may be convicled, fhall be indemnified. Sett. 3.

21. Fe-

2S2	Ext raffs from the Penal	Laws.

Robbery and Theft upon navigable Rivers, 'Wharfs and Keys adjacent.

Deflroying T urnpikes. Locks or Sluices, &c.

21.	Felonioufly dealing any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, of the Value of 40 s. in any Ship, Barge, Lighter, Boat or other Veffel or Craft, upon any navigable River, or in any Fort of Entry or Difcharge, or in any Creek belonging to any navigable River within the Kingdom of Great Britain ; or felonioufly Sealing any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, of the Value of 40 s. upon any Wharf or Key adjacent to any navigable River, Port of Entry or Difcharge, or being prefent, aiding or affifting in the committing of any of the Offences aforefaid, is Felony without Clergy. i\Geo. 2. c. 45.

22.	Wilfully or malicioufly pulling down, plucking up, throwing down, levelling or other-wile deflroying any Turnpike-Gate orTurnpike-Gates, or any Poft or Pofts, Rail or Rails, Wall or Walls, or any Chain, Bar or other Fence or Fences belonging to any fuch Turnpike-Gate, or Turnpike-Gates, or any other Chain, Bar or Fence of any Kind whatfoever, let up or erefted, or hereafter to be fet up or erefted, to prevent Paffengers from pafling by without paying any Toll, laid and directed to be paid by any Aft or Acts of Parliament already made, or hereafter to be made, for that Purpofe, or any Houfe or Houfes erected or to be erefted for the Ule of any fuch Turnpike-Gate, or any other Fence or Fences, or any Lock, Sluice, Floodgate, or other Works, on any navigable River, erefted or to be erefted by Authority of Parliament; or forcibly relating any Perfon being lawfully in Cuflody of any Officer, or other Perfon, for any of the Offences above-mentioned, is Felony without Clergy. 8 Geo. 2. c. 20. fett. 1.

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws,	283

Perfons affaulting any Collector of the Toll, or A (faulting or threatning him or them, in the'fExecution of his t*Jreatning or their Office; or forcibly palling through any Toiis^for Turnpike-Gate or Gates, Rail or Rails, Chain cibly pairing' or Chains, or other Fence or Fences, fet up, or through to be fet up by Authority of Parliament without Turnpikes, paying the Toll appointed to be paid at fuch&c'

Gate or other Fence •, or forcibly carrying away or detaining any Colleftor of the Toll, fo as he lhall not be able to return to his Duty for three Days, forfeit 5/. before two Judices, one Half Penalty, to the Informer, the other Moiety to the Truf-tees, Commiflioners, Proprietors or Undertakers, to be employed for the Ufe of any Turnpike, or navigable River; and for a fecond or any fubfe-quent Offence 10 /. and for want of Diftrefs for Second every Offence, after the firff, to be fent to the0ffence‘ common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for one Year; and before difcharged, give Security at the General Quarter-Seffions for their good Behaviour for feven Years. 8 Geo. 2. c. 20. feB. 11.

23.	Pulling down Churches, Chapels, &c. or Pulling down Dwelling-Houfes, Barns, Stables, fife, is Felony p,0ljf<V’ without Clergy. 1 Geo. 1. c. 5. feB. 12. See urc es’ c‘ Page 70.

24.	Unlawfully and malicioufly affaulting with Affaulting any offenfive Weapon or Inftrument, or demand- ^lt^Jntcnl ing by Menaces, or in or by any forcible or violent Manner, any Money, Goods or Chattels

of or from any other Perfon, with a felonious Intent to rob or commit Robbery upon fuch Perfon, is Felony ; and the Offenders are liable to be tranfported as in Cafes of Felony. 7 Geo. 2.

(. 21 feB. 1.

Brcuk-

284

Stealing from whitening Grounds, ic.

Bigamy.

ExtraSls from the Penal Laws,

Breaking Gaol, cr returning from Tranfpor-tation, when committed or tranfported for any of the Offences in the foregoing Claufe, is Felony without Clergy. Sell. 2.

25.	Felonioufiy taking, ilealing and carrying away, or wilfully or malicioufly hiring, or procuring, for Money or other Reward, any other Perfon or Perfons felonioufiy to take, (leal and carry away, out of or from any Whitening or Bleaching Croft, Lands, Fields or Grounds, Bowking Houfe, Drying-Houfe, or other Building, Ground or Place made ufe of by any Whit-Iter, Crofter, Bow her or Bleacher, for whitening, bowking, bleaching or drying any Linen, Fuftian or Cotton Cloth, or Cloth worked, woven or made of any Cotton and Linen Yarn mixed, or any Thread, Linen or Cotton Yarn, Linen or Cotton Tape, Incle, Filleting, Laces, or any other Linen, Fuftian or Cotton Goods or Wares whatfoever, laid, placed or expofed to be whitened, bowked, bleached or dried in any fuch whitening, bowking, bleaching or drying Croft, Lands, Fields, Grounds, Floufes, Buildings or other Places, to the Value of 10 s. or buying or receiving any fuch Goods or Wares, knowing the fame to be ftolen, is Felony without Clergy.— But if the Judge or Court, from the Circum-ftances of the Cafe, fhould think the Priloner deferves Lenity, they may order him to be tranfported. 4 Geo. 2. c. 16. fefi. 1.

26.	Marrying a lecond Husband or Wife, the former Husband or Wife being alive, is Felony with Clergy; unlefs the former Husband or Wife (hall be continually remaining beyond the Seas for feven Years, or fiiall abfent him or herfclf from the other for feven Years, the one

of

285

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

of them not knowing the other to be living within that Time. 1 Jac. c. 11. felt. 2, 3.

Obs. 1’he frequent Practice of this Offence, and the flocking and mifchievous Confequences arifing from it, prove that the Puniflmcnt is inadequate to the Crime; and if the Benefit cf Clergy was taken away, it would in a great Meafure put a Slop to the Offence.

27.	Perfons convifted of fuch Felonies and Tranfporta-Larcenies as are not excluded the Benefit of Cler-tl0n-

<ry, may be tranfported for feven Years •, except Receivers of ftolen Goods, who are to be tranfported for fourteen Years. 4 Geo. 1. c. 11. fell. x.

And by 5 Ann. c. 31. feci. 6. If any principal Felon cannot be taken, fo as to be profecuted and convicted, yet neverthelefs it is lawful to profecute and punifh every Perfon and Perfons buying or receiving any Goods ftolen, by any Receivers of fuch principal Felon,—knowing the fame to be ^°len Goods, ftolen, as for a Mifdemeanor, ro be punilhed by Fine and Imprifonment, or other fuch corporal Punifhment as the Court (hall think fit to in-flift, although the principal Felon be not before convifted of the faid Felony, which (hall exempt the Offender from being punifhed as Ac-ceflary, if fuch principal Felon Hr all be afterwards taken and convifted: But by the foregoing Claufe of the fame Statute, Receivers of ftolen Goods, knowing them to be ftolen, or knowingly harbouring Burglars, Felons or Thieves, is made Felony.

28.	Returning from Tranfportation into any£eturn;ng Part of Great Britain or Ireland, or being atfromTranf-large before the End of the Term for which portarion. tranfported, is Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

6 Geo. c. 23. fell. 6.

29.	Ref-

236	ExtraS}s from the Penal Laws'.'

Refining 29. Refcuing Felons or Offenders, or aiding Tranfpoits. 0r affifting Felons or Offenders in making their Efcape from the Perfon or Perfon contrafted with for their Tranfportation, or their Affigns, is Felony without Clergy. 6 Geo. 1. c. 23. fe£l. 5. 'Cutting,	30. Wilfully and malicioufly affaulting any

tlie'cioaths"' ^e^on *n t^ie public Streets or Highways, with ofany'perfon an ^ntent t0 tear> fpoil> cut, burn or deface, and irnhe Streets tearing, fpoiling, cutting, burning or defacing or Highways, the Garments or Cloaths of fuch Perfon is Felony, and fuch Offenders may be tranfported for feven Years. 6Geo. 1. c. 23.- feft. n.

Taking	3!. Taking Rewards for helping to ftolen

Rewards for q00C]Sj unlefs they caufe the Felons to be brought ftolra GoLis. £0 Tria1’ ‘s felony, a Geo. 1. c< 1 i.fell; 4; See Page 246.

32.	Concerning Prifoners which break Prifon,' our Lord the King willeth and commandeth, That none from henceforth that breaketh Prifon, fhall have Judgment of Life or Member for breaking of Prifon only, except the Caufe for which he was taken and imprifoned did require fuch Judgment, if he had been convidted thereupon according to the Law and Cuftom of the Realm, albeit in Times pad it hath been ufed otherwife. 1 Ed. 2. c. 2.

33.	Aiding or affifting any Prifoner to attempt to make his or her Elcape from any Gaol; or conveying or caufing to be conveyed into any Gaol or Prifon, any Vizor, or other Difguife, or any Inftrument or Arms proper to facilitate the Efcape of Prifoners; and delivering or caufing the fame to be delivered to any fuch Prifoner in any fuch Gaol, or to any other Perfon there, for the Ufe of any fuch Prifoner, without the Confent or Privity of the Keeper or under

Keeper

Breaking

Prifon.

Affifting Prifoneis to Efcape.

Conveying Anns or Difguife.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	.

Keeper of fuch Gao], although no Efcape be actually made, in Cafe fuch Prifoner then wa's'at-tainted or convidled of Treafon, or any Felony, except petty Larceny, or being lawfully committed to fuch Prifon, exprefied in the Warrant of Commitment or Detainer, is Felony, and the Offender (hall be tranfported for feven Years; and in Cafe fuch Prifoner then was convicted of, committed to, or detained in any Gaol for petty Larceny, or any other Crime, not being Treafon or Felony, exprefied in the Warrant of Commitment or Detainer, or then was in Gaol upon any Procefs whatfoever, for any Debt, Damages, Colts, Sum or Sums of Money, amounting in the whole to too/, it is then a Mifdemea-nor, and the Offender liable to a Fine and Imprisonment. 16 Geo. 2. c. 31. Jet], i, 2.

34.	Aiding or affifting any Prifoner to at-RefcuIng tempt to make his Efcape from the Cuftody of tielons from any Conftable, Tythingrmn, Headborough or Conftables. other Officer or Perfon who fhail then have the

lawful Charge of fuch Prifoner, in order to carry him to Gaol by virtue of a Warrant of Commitment for Treafon or any Felony (except petty Larceny) exprefied in fuch Warrant •, or being aiding or affifting to any Felon to attempt to make his Efcape from on board any Boat, Ship or Vefiel, carrying Felons for Transportation, or from the Contractor for the Tranlportation of Felons, his Affigns or Agents, or any other Perfon to whom fuch Felon lhall have been lawfully delivered in order for Tranlportation, is Felony, and the Punifhment Tranlportation for feven Years. 16 Geo. 2. c. 31. felt. 3.

35.	If any Perfon or Perfons being armed with Ofinccj

Swords, Fire-Arms, or other offenlive Weapons, jna<fc«Pl,jl ’	, T	‘	,	by the ItlacK

CO

215	ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

and having his or their Faces blacked, or other-wife difguifed, fhall (i) appear in any Foreft, Chafe, Park, Paddock, or Grounds enclofed with any Wall, Pale, or other Fence, wherein any Deer have been or fliall be ufually kept; or, (2) in any Warren or Place where Hares or Conies have been or fliall be ufually kept; or, (3} in any High-Road, open Heath, Common or Down; or, (4) fliall unlawfully and wilfully hunt, wound, kill, deftroy, or (teal any red or Fallow Deer; or, (5) unlawfully rob any Warren or Place where Conies or Hares are ufually kept-, or, (6j fliall unlawfully fteal or take away any Fifli out of any River or Pond :

Or if any Perfon, whether armed and difguifed, or not, fliall (y) unlawfully and wilfully hunt wound, kill, deftroy, or fteal, any red or fallow Deer, fed or kept in any Places in any of the King’s Forefts or Chafes, which are or fliall be enclofed with Pales, Rails, or other Fences; or in any Park, Paddock or Grounds inclofed, where Deer have been or fliall be ufually kept; or, (8} fliall unlawfully and malici-oufty break down the Head or Mound of any Fi(k-Pond, whereby the Fifli fliall be loft or de-ftroyed; or, (9) fliall unlawfully and malicioufly kill, maim or wound any Cattle or, (10) cut down or otherwife deftroy any Trees planted in any Avenue, or growing in any Garden, Or-cha-d or Plantation, for Ornament, Shelter, or Profit -, or, (11) fliall fet Fire to any Houfe, Barn, or Out-Houfe, or to any Hovel, Cock, Mow or Stack of Corn, Straw, Hay or Wood; or, (12) fhall wilfully and malicioufly Ihoot at any Perfon in any Dwelling-Houfe, or other Place-, or, (13) fhall knowingly fend any Letter



Ext raffs from the Penal Lairs.	2	8<

ter without any Name fubfcribed thereto, or figned with a fictitious Name, demanding Money, Venifon, or other valuable Thing; [or threatening to kill or murder any of his Majef-ty’s Subjefts, or to burn their Houles, Out-Houles, Barns, Stacks of Corn or Grain, Hay or Straw; 27 Geo. 2. c. 15.] or (14) lhall forcibly refctie any Perfon being lawfully in Cuftody of any Officer or other Perlbn, for any of the faid Offences; or (15) lhall, by Gift or Promife of Money or other Reward, procure any of his Majefty’s Subje&s to join him or them in any fuch unlawful Act; or, (16) (hall unlawfully and malicioufiy break down, or cut down the Bank of any River, or any Sea Bank, whereby any Lands (hall be overflowed and damaged; or, (17) lhall unlawfully and malicioufiy cut any Hop-Binds growing on Poles in any Plantation of Hops; or, (18) lhall wilfully and malicioufiy fee on Fire, or caufe to be let on Fire, any Mine, Pit, or Delph of Coal, or Cannel Coal: every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy. 9 Geo. c. 22. commonly called the Black Ail: And 6 Geo. 2. c.

47. and 10 Geo. 2. c. 32. which are incorporated •with it.

36. Stealing, ripf ...g, cutting or breaking, 8teaIingLerii with Intent to (teal any Lead, Iron-Bar, Iron- iron-Bars,Sx. Gate, Iron-Palifadoe or Iron-Rail whatloever, ixed to being fixed to any Dwelling-Houfe, Out-Houfe, Hoults* Coach-Houle, Stable or other Building ufed or occupied with fuch Dwelling-Houfe, or thereunto belonging, or to any other Building whatfo-ever, or fixed in any Garden, Orchard Court-Yard, Fence or Outlet, belonging to any Dwelling-Houfe or other Building ; or aiding, abet-U 2	ting

-9°

Maiming or daf paring.

Stabbing.

Sheep-Stealing, &c.

Extrafls from the Fend Laws.

ting or aflifting in any of the above Offences; or buying or receiving any fuch Lead, Iron, 3c. knowing the fame to be ftolen, is Felony, and the Punifhment Tranfportation for feven Years. 4 Geo. 2. c. 32.

37.	Unlawfully, on Purpofe and of Malice aforethought, and by lying in wait, cutting out or difabling the Tongue (1) putting out an Eye, (2) flitting the Nofe (3) cutting off the Nofe, (4) or Lip, (5) or cutting off or difabling any Limb or Member of any Subject of his Majei-ty (6) with Intention in fo doing to maim or disfigure in any the Manners before-mentioned, fuch his Majelty’s Subjeft ; or abetting coun-lelling or aiding in any fuch Offence, is Felony without Benefit of Clergy. 22 13 23 Char. 2. c. 1. fe3. 7.

38.	Stabbing or thrufting any Perfcn that hath not then any Weapon drawn, or that hath not then firft ftricken the Party whicl^fliall fo flab or thruft, fo as the Perlon fo ftatmecl or thruft {hall thereof die within fix Months then next following, although it cannot be proved that the fame was done of Malice aforethought, is Felony without Clergy, as in Cafes of wilful Murder.

1 Jac. 1. t. S./kS. 2.

39.	Felonioully driving away, or in any other Manner feionioufly ftealing, one or more Sheep or other Cattle of any Perfon whatfocver, or£ wilfully killing one or more Sheep or other Cattle of'any other Perfon with a felonious Intent to fteal the whole Carcafe or Carcafes, or any Part or Parts of the Carcafe or Carcafes of any one or more Sheep or ether Cattle that fhall be fo killed •, or aiding or aflifting any Perfon to com-

291

Extraffs from the Penal Lam.

mit any fuch Offence, is Felony without Clergy.

14 Geo. 2. c. 6. febl. j.

The foregoing Claufe is extended to Bulls Cows, Oxen, Steers, Bullocks, Heifers, Calves and Lambs, as well as Sheep, and to no other Cattle whatfoever. 15 Geo. 2. c. 34.

Obs. There are in this Metropolis, a Number of pog Perfons who make it their Bufinefs to Jleal Dogs Stealing. that arc kept cither for Ufe or Plea fire, end as it is difficult to ret over fuch Dogs and punifh fuh Offenders, this not being Felony, it is recommended to all Per fons to put Rrafs or Steel Collars on their Dogs Necks, with the Name and Place of Abode of their Owners, and to faften than with a Padlock ; for the dealing fuch Collars being Felony, it will facilitate the pv.nifhing of the Offender, and the Dig, when found, is recoverable by Action.

The 1 ft of Hawkins, />. 03. fel1. 23. fays, touching this Matter, That to conftiiutc a Felony—

“ They ought not to be Things of a bafe Nature,

“ as Dogs, Cats, Bears, Foxes, Monkeys, Fer-“ rets, and the like; but the ftealing of Hawks, S(eai|-ng “ knowing them to be reclaimed, is Felony, both by Hawks.

“ the Common Law, and by the Statute of 37 Edw.

“ 3. c. 19.”

40.	If any Perfon or Perfons having at any rmbeziting Time the Charge or Cuftody of any Armour, ^'"8 s'V/nf’ Ordnance, Munition, Shot, Powder or Habih-^1™1”!^" ments of War, or of Victuals provided tor the victualling of any Soldiers, Gunners, Mariners, or Pioneers, (hall, for any Lucre or Gain, or wittingly, adviiedly, and of Purpofe to hinder or impeach her Majefty’s Service, imbezii, purloin or convey away any of the fame Armour,

Ordnance, Munition, Shot or Powder, Habiliments of War, or Victuals, to the Value of zos.

U 3	at

'292	ExtraBs	from	the	Penal	Laws',

at one or feveral Times, they fhail be adjudged

Felons, and fuffer as in Cafes of Felony.-----

Profecution to be within the Year. 31 Eliz, c. 4.

Adnowledg- 41. All and every Perfon and Perfons who ing Paii, kz. fhail acknowledge, or procure to be acknow-of another116	an7 Fine or Fines, Recovery or Reco-

without their ver>es» Deed or Deeds inrolled, Statute or Sta-Confent. tutes, Recognizance or Recognizances, Bail or Bails, Judgment or Judgments, in the Name or Names of any other Perfon or Perfons not privy or ccnfenting to the fame, fhail be adjudged guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. But this not to extend to Attornies acknowledging Judgments, £ft. for their Clients. 21 Jac. 1. c. 26.

Oficcr; of 4:. If any Officer or Servant of the Gover-the B.-nk ra- nor ancf Company of the Bank of England, be-btz„ipg too- jn entrufted with any Note, Bill, Dividend-

ney 0.* ojiicr ^	/	*	1

Efftcu. Warrant, Bond, Deed, or any Security, Money, cr other Effedts belonging to the faid Company •, cr having any Bill, Dividend-Warrant, Bond, Deed, or any Security or Effects of any other Perfon depofited with the faid Company, or with him as an Officer or Servant of the faid Company, fhail fecrete, imbezil or run away with any fuch Effects as aforefaid, or any Part of them; every fuch Officer or Servant fo offending fhail fuffer Death, on Convidtion, without Benefit of Clergy. 15 Geo. 2. c. 13. feS. 12.

Break-rg into 43. The !2 tb of Geo. i. c. 34. feB. 7. en-a shop to cm ^dts, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhail, by Day ant or Qr ^ Night, break into any Houle or Shop,

other iVoouen • t c	1	c

Goeas. with Intent to cut or deftroy any Serge or other

Woollen Goods, in the Loom, or any Tools

employed

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.	29;

employed in the Making thereof, or (hall wilfully and malicioufly cut or deftroy any fuch Serges or Woollen Goods, in the Loom or on the Rack; or (hall burn, cut or deftroy any Rack on which any fuch Serges or Woollen Goods are hanged in order to dry, or (hall wilfully and malicioufly break or deftroy any Tools ufed in making any fuch Serges or other Woollen Goods, not having the Confcnt of the Owner fo to do; every fuch Offender (hall fuffer Death without Benefit of Clergy.

And this Ad extends to Combers and Frame-Work Knitters.

44.	The 15th of Geo. 2. c. 27. enafis, That Stealing in cafe any Cloth or Woollen Goods remaining ^0C;,CT upon the Rack or Tenters, or any Woo lien j"mcrs’ '"o'-*' ^ Yarn or Wool left out to dry, (hall be ftolen or ^ng ou't t0 taken away in the Night-Time, and upon Search dry, made, the fame or any Part thereof fhall be

found in the Cuftody of any Perfon or Perfons, who, on Examination before the Magiftrate, do not give a fatisfadory Account how they came poifefted thereof, or produce the Party of whomsn® h)U!K-in he, fhejjor they received the fame; fuch Offen-the Cul,°dy der or Offenders (hall, for the firft Offence, for- °;vm^ feit treble the Value of the Goods, for the fe- taftory Ac-cond Offence, over and above the faid Penalty, c0'Jnt how to fuffer fix Months Imprifonment, and for the ^e/came third Offence, to be tranfported for the Term of1 e ame' feven Years.

45.	The utb of Geo. 2. c. 22. enads, That?e.r,fnsul'inK if any Perfon or Perfons (hall wilfully and ma- hindtMhe° licioudy beat, wound, or ufe any other Violence Purchafe or to or upon any Perfon or Perfons, with Intent to Carriage of deter or hinder him or them from buying of <-0;n’

Corn or Grain in any Market or other Place

U 4	within

294-	Ext rafts from the Tenal Laws.

or deOroying within this Kingdom; or fhall unlawfully feize Granaries or Up0n or fr0p any Waggon, Cart or other Car-th-reio™ riage or Horfe, loaded with Wheat, Flour, Meal, Malt or ether Grain, on the Way to or from any City, Market-Town, or Sea-Port of the Kingdom, and wilfully and malicioufly break, cut, feparate or deftroy the fame, or any Part thereof, or the Harnefs of the Horfes drawing the fame, or unlawfully take off, drive away, kiil or wound any of inch Horfes, or unlawfully beat or wound the Driver or Drivers thereof, in order to flop the fame, or fhall, by cutting of the Sacks, orotherwife, fcatter or throw abroad fuch Wheat, OV. or fhall take or carry away, fpcil or damage the fame, or any Part thereof •, every fuch Offender fhall, on Conviction fuffer Imprifonment, and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three, nor lefs than cne Month, and to be once publickly whipped •, and if any Perfon or Perfons fhall be gu.ky of a fecond Offence, or fhall wilfully and malicioufly pull, throw down, or otherwife deftroy any Store Houle or Granary, or other Place where Corn fhall be then kept in order to be exported ; or fhall unlawfully enter any fuch Store Houle, Granary or other Place, and take and carry away any Corn, Flour, Meal, or Grain therefrom, or fhall throw abroad or fpoil the fame, or any Part thereof; or fir all unlawfully enter on board any Ship, Barge, Boat or Veffe'i, and fhall wilfully and malicioufly take

b- in VeLi; anc^ carry a'vaD caft, or throw out therefrom, " 1 or otherwife food or damage any fuch Meal, Flour or Grain therein, intended for Exportation; every’ fuch Offender fhall be adjudged guilty

295

ExtraBs from the Penal Laics, ty of Felony, and be tranfported for tire Space of feven Years.

46.	The gib of Geo. 2. c. 35. enafts, That Perfons, two or more in Number, aiTembled and Smugglers, armed with Fire-Arms, £sic. to be afiifting in running, landing and carrying away uncuftomed Goods-, or found palling within five Miles from

the Sea-Coafts with any Horfes, (Be. whereon fnall be more than fix Pounds of Tea, or five Gallons of Brandy, (sc. landed without Entry, and that obftruft or afiault any Officer of the Cuftoms; or who lhall wound or beat fuch Officer on board any Ship or Boat, (ye. lhall be

guilty of Felony, and tranfported.------------And

Perfons taking the Benefit of this Aft for any Offence for which they were liable to be tranfported, and lhall afterwards be convifted of-the like Offence, lhall be adjudged guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

47.	By 11 Geo. 2. c. 26. feft. 2. it is en- Refcuing Of-afted, That if any Perfons, to the Number of f'cnl!crs’ or five or more, lhall, in a tumultuous and riotous j^formefs Manner affemble themfeives to relcue any Of- aL,a;n/t the fender or Offenders againlh the Aft of 9 Geo. 2. Retailers of c. 23.—or to afiault, beat or wound any Perfon Spirituous _

or Perfons who lhall have given or be about to ^i(luo.rs

T r .	t'? • ,	.	_ out Licence,

give any Information or Evidence againff, or

lhall have difeovered or given Evidence againff

or be about to dicover or give Evidence againff,

feize or bring to Jultice any Perfon or Perfons Geo

offending againff the laid Aft; all and everyc. 23.

Perfon and Perfons fo aflembling themfeives,

their Aiders and Abettors, lhall be adjudged

guilty of Felony, and be tranfported for feven

Years.

296	Exirccls from the Penal Laws'.

Confpiring to 48. The 3d of Hen. 7. c. 14. enafts, That kill the King Confpiracy or Imagination, though by Words Kcntholdlhe only, to kill the King, or any of the King’s Council, or any Lord of the Realm, &c. within the King’s Houlhold is Felony, the Offenders being thereof convicted by twelve of the faid Houlhold before the Lord Steward.

Horfe-	49.	The	2 & 3 °f Ldw. 6. c. 33. enafts,

Sieving. That all and fmgular Perfon and Perfons felo-nioufiy taking or Healing any Horfe, Gelding or Mare, lhall be adjudged guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

Curving^ £0. The 3d of Hen. 7. c. 2. enafts, That Per*

attay a Wo- pons tak'ing away any Woman againft her Will, man againft , r	,	■	‘	r	„	,	■,	,TT.	,

her Will and unlawiully, that is to lay, Maid, Widow or

marrying her. Wife, fuch taking, procuring and abetting to the lame, and alfo receiving wittingly the fame Woman fo taken againft her Will, and knowing the fame, and Receitors knowing the faid Offence in form aforefaid, lhall be adjudged guilty of Felony.

Picking Pock- 51. The Sib of Eiiz. c. 4. feci. 2. enafts, eu, or private-That no Perfon or Perfons which (hall happen ly stealing t0 indicted or appealed for felonious taking Perkin'6 °* anf Money, Goods or Chattels, from the Perfon of any other, privily without his Knowledge, in any Place whatfcever, and found guilty of the faid Offence, or confels the fame on his or their Arraignment, or will not anftver direftly to the fame according to the Laws of the Realm, or lhall (land wilfully or of Malice or obftinately mute, or lhall challenge peremptorily above the Xtimber of Twenty, or fnall be upon fuch Indictment or Anpeal outlawed, lhall not be admitted to the Benefit of Clergy, but utterly be excluded thereof.

52.	The

ExtraBs jrom the Venal Laws.	295

52.	The 11 th & 12 tb of W. 3. c. 7. enafts,Pirates, That any Perfon or Perfons, not only letting out Pirates, but either afiifting or advifing any Piracy, or receiving or concealing any Pirate, &c. fliall be guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

And trading with Pirates furnifhing them with Stores, or boarding any Veflfel, and throwing over-board Goods, (Ac. is Piracy, and Felony without Benefit of Clergy. 8 Geo, 1. c. 24.

53.	The ijl of Edvj. 6. c. n.feS. 13. enafts, p0;fonin». That all wilful killing, by Poifoning of any Perfon or Perfons, /hall be adjudged, taken and deemed wilful Murder, of Malice prepenfed;

and that the Offenders therein, their Aiders,

Abettors, Procurers and Counfellors, lhall fuf-fer Death as in other Cafes of wilful Murder of Malice prepenfed.

54.	The cjth of Ann. c. 16. enafts, That if striking or any Perfon or Perfons lhall unlawfully attempt attempting to to kill, or (hall unlawfully aifault and ftrike or kill a Privy, •wound any Perfon, being one of the moft ho- CounfelIor. nourable Privy Council, when in the Execution

of his Office of a Privy Counciller in Council, or in any Committee of Council; every Perfon or Perfons fo offending fliall fuffer Death as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

55.	The 27 th of Eliz. c. 2. enafts, That Frieds and Priefts and Jefuits remaining forty Days after the Jefuit»» making of the laid Aft, either in England or any

other of her Majefty’s Dominions, and thole who receive, relieve or maintain them know-n,aink,nmS ingly, fliall be guilty of Felony, without Be-°hre”,evms nefit of Clergy.

£6. By

298

Imbeziling

Records.

Rioters.

Form of Pro cldiTi£liOD«

ExtraSls from the Fenal Laws.

56.	By 8 H. 6. c. 12. feH. 3. it is enafted, That if any Record or Parcel of the fame Writ, Return, Pannel, Procefs, or Warrant of Attorney in the King’s Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, the one Bench or the other, or in his Treafury, be willingly ftclen, taken away, withdrawn, or avoided by any Clerk or other Perfon, becaufe whereof any Judgement (hall be reverfed, the Offender or Offenders therein (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony.

57.	The \ft of Gee. 1. c. 5-fefl. 1. enafts, That if any Perfons to the Number of twelve or more, being unlawfully, riotoufly, and tumultuoufly affembled together, to the Difturbance of the public Peace, and being required or commanded by any Juftice of the Peace, Sheriff of the County, Mayor, Gfr. by Proclamation made in the King’s Name in the Form herein after-mentioned, to aifperfe themfelves, and peaceably to depart to their Habitations or lawful Bufinefs, fhall, to the Number of twelve or more (not-withftanding fuch Proclamation madej unlawfully riotoufly and tumultuoufly remain or continue together, by the Space of one Hour after fuch Command or Requeft made by Proclamation, the Offenders therein fhall be adjudged Felons, and fhall fuffer Death without Benefit of Clergy.

Our Sovereign Lord the King chargeth and commandetn all Perfons, being affembled, immediately to difperfe themfelves and peaceably to depart to their Habitations, or to their lawful Bufinefs upon the Pains contained in the Act made in the firlt Year of King George, for preventing Tumults and riotous Affemblies.

God lave the King.

,:3. The

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

299

5S. The \ft of Geo. r. c. 48. feet. 4. enacts, Setting any That if any Perfon (hall malicioufly fet on Fire, Wo°d> &=-or burn, or caufe to be burnt, any Wood, Un-on Flre• derwood or Coppice, or any Part thereof, fuch malicious letting on Fire, burning or caufing to be burut, is declared and made Felony, and the Offenders therein to fuffer as other Felons.

59.	The 25 Geo. 2. c. 10. enafls, That thes,tcai‘n§ of breaking or forcibly entering into any Black

Lead Mines, with Intent to Ileal any Part there- Mines, of, or affifting or hiring any Perfon fo to do, or buying or receiving of Black-Lead knowing it to be ftolen is Felony, and the Offenders therein may be trar.fported as other Felons.

60.	Counterfeiting the King’s Great or Privy Counterfeit-Seal, or his Money, or bringing falfe Money ,nS,he Coil> into this Realm counterfeit to the Money °f^ the England, as the Money called Lufhburgh, or Great or Privy other like to the faid Money of England, know- Seal.

ing the Money to be falfe, to Merchandize, or

make Payment in Deceit of our faid Lord the Bringing falls-

King and of his People, is High-Treafon. 2 5 M°a^y |n!0 r , 5 p, ,	y	0	3	the	Realm.

taw. 3. lit at. ~. c. 2.

61.	Falfely forging or counterfeiting any fuch Counterfeit-Kind of Coin of Gold or Silver as is not the inSche F_°-proper Coin of this Realm, and is or Ihall be]e!gn Coin’,.

r r	-current	m	this

current within this Realm, by the Conient or Kingdom, or the Queen, her Heirs and Succefiors; or Falfly the King’s forging or Counterfeiting the Queen’s Sign Ma- SigQ Manual, nual, Privy-Signet or Privy-Sea! •, fuch Offend-&c> ers, their Counfeliors, Procurers, Aiders and Abettors Ihall be guilty of High-Treafon.

1 Mary, SejJ. 2. c. 6.

2

Ci. Clipping

goo	Extracts from the Penal La-ztis.

Clipping, 62. Clipping, wafhing, rounding or filing or ^or w'c^e<^ Lucre or Gain’s Sake, of any the Bing ofcar- ProPer Monies or Coins of this Realm, or the rent Money. Dominions thereof, or of the Monies or Coins of any other Realm, allowed and fuffered to be current within this Realm, or the Dominions thereof, at this prefent, or that hereafter at any Time ihall be the lawful Monies or Coins of this Realm, or of the Dominions thereof, or of any other Realm, and by Proclamation allowed and fuffered to be current here, by the Queen’s Majefty, her Heirs and Succefibrs, is Treafon. 5 Eiiz. c. 11./ 2. which is enforced by the following Words, ‘viz.

That if any Perfons for wicked Lucre or Gain’s Sake, by any Art, Ways or Means whatsoever, Ihall impair, diminifh, falfify, fcale or lighten any of the above Coins, their Couniellors, Con-fenters and Aiders fhall be likevifr deemed and adjudged as Offenders in Treafon. iS Eliz. c. 1.

NoSmith,&c. 63. No Smith, Engraver, Founder or other except em- Perfon or Perfons whatfoever (other than and ex-t!le ^P*- t^le Perfons employed or to be employed in his Ihall'make or Majefty’s Mint or Mints in the Tower of London, mead any or elfewhere, and for the ufe and Service of the Dye, &c. to faid Mints only, or Perfons lawfully authorized fiampany by rhe Lords Commiflioners of the Treafury, ” 0‘n or Lord High Treafurer of England for the Time Silver, cor being) fhall knowingly make or mend, or begin make any or proceed to make or mend, or affifl: in the Edging Tool, making or mending of any Puncheon, Counter-?c‘pr°J&C°‘onr'Puncheon, Matrix, Stamp, Dye, Pattern, or Catting'" ° * Mould of Steel, Iron, Silver, or other Metal Engine. or Metals, or of Spaud, or fine Founders Earth or Sand, or of any other Materials whatfoever

3oi

Extracts from the Penal Law. foever, in or upon which there {hall be, os be made, or imprefled, or which will make or im-prefs the Figure, Stamp, Refemblance, or Si-militude of both or either of the Sides or Flats of any Gold or Silver Coin, current within this Kingdom ; nor Ihall knowingly make or mend, or begin or proceed to make or mend, or aflift: in the making or mending of any Edger or Edging Tool, Inftrument or Engine, not of common Ufe in any Trade, but contrived for making of Money round the Edges with Letters,

Grainings or other Marks or Figures, refembliog thofe on the Edges of Money coined in his Ma-jefty’s Mint; nor any Prefs for Coinage, nor any Cutting Engine for cutting round Blanks by Force of a Screw, out of flatted Bars of Gold, Silver or other Metal; nor ihall knowingly buy or fell, hide or conceal, or without lawful Authority or lufRcient Excufe for that Purpofe, knowingly have in his, her, or their Houfes, Cuftody or Pofieflion, any i'uch Puncheon, Counter Puncheon, Matrix, Stamp, Dye, Offenders, Edger, Cutting Engine, or other Tool or In-ftrument before-mentioned, under Pain of being andfhaHfuftr adjudged guilty of High Treafon, and luffering Death, accordingly. 8 fc? 9 TV. 3. c. z6.fe8. 1,

■ 64. That if any Perfon or Perfons whatfo-Perfons con-ever Ihall, without lawful Authority for that vey«ng out °f Purpofe, wittingly or knowingly convey, or aflift in the conveying out of his Majelly’s Mints and conce’aijC" in the Tower of London, or out of any other of ing the fame, his Majefty's Mints, any Puncheon, Counter guilty of High Puncheon, Matrix, Dye, Stamp, Edger, Cut- rr“fon. ting Engine, Prels or other Tool, Engine or Inftrument ufed for or about the Coining of Monies there, or any ufeful Part of fuch Tools

or

3°2

Like Penalty on Perfons marking the Edges of any counterfeit Coin,

or colouring gilding, &c. any Coin re-fembling the current Coin.

Extracts from the Penal Lam.

or Inftruments: The Offenders, their Counfel-lors. Procurers, Aiders or Abetters, as alfo all and every Perfon and Perfons knowingly receiving, hiding or concealing the fame, are hereby adjudged guilty of High Treafon. 8 £■? 9 IV. 3. c. zo.feff. 2.

65.	That if any Perfon or Perfons (other than the Perfons employed in his Majefty’s Mint or Mints, or l'uch as (hall have lawful Authority as aforefaid) {hall mark on the Edges of any the current Coin of this Kingdom, or if any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, fhall mark on the Edges of any of the diminifhed Coin of this Kingdom, or any counterfeit Coin refembling the Coin of this Kingdom, with Letters or Grainings, or other Marks or Figures like unto thofe on the Edges of Money coined in his Majefty’s Mint; every fuch Offence (hall be adjudged High Treafon, and the Offenders, their Counfeilors, Procurers, Aiders and Abettors, {hall, on Conviction, fuffer Death as-in Cales of High Treafon. S ft? 9 IV. 3. c. 26. fen, 3.

66.	That if any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever fhall colour, gild, or cafe over with Gold or Silver, or with any Wafti or Materials, producing the Colour of Gold or Silver, anv Coin

LJ	T	J

refembling any the current Coin of this Kingdom, or any round Blanks of bale Metal or of coarfe Gold, or coarfe Silver, of a fit Size and Figure to be coined into counterfeit milled Money refembling any the Gold or Silver Coin of this Kingdom, or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall gild over any Silver Blanks of a fit Size and Figure to be coined into Pieces refembling the current Gold Coin of this Kingdom, all and

every

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws'. g0-

every fuch Offenders, their Counfellors Procurers, Aiders and Abetters, are hereby adjudged to be guilty of High Treafon, and on Con-vidion (hall fuffer Death as in Cafes of High Treafon. 8 £5? 9 W. 3. c. 26. fctl. 4.

67.	That if any Perfon orPerfons whatfoever Tcrfons (hall blanch Copper for Sale, or mix blanched blanching Copper with Silver, or knowingly buy or fell, sa°e Por mix-or offer to Sale, blanched Copper alone or mix- irg blanched ed with Silver, or (hall knowingly or fraud u- Copper with lently buy or fell or offer to Sale any malleable Silver, &c. or Compofition, or mixture of Metal or IVlinerals, taa _’Pg °oun. which fhall be heavier than Silver, and look and fcrfcfmXd touch and wear like Standard Gold, but be Money, &c. manifeftly worfe; or fliall take, receive, pay, or

put off any counterfeit milled Money, or any milled Money whatfoever, unlawfully diminiff-ed, and not cut in Pieces, at or for a lower Rate or Value than the lame by i:s Denomination doth or (hall import, or was coined or counterfeited for •, that then all and every fuch Perfon andPerfons ihali be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and being convided of the lame,

(hall fuffer Death, as in Cafe of Felony. 8 &r 9 W. 3. c. 26. feet. 6. Profecution to be commenced within three Months. Made perpetual by 7 Anne, c. 25. f 3. And by f. 2. the Makers and Menders of Tools to be profecuted within fix Months.

68.	That if any Perfon whatfoever fhall waff,

gild or colour any of the lawful Silver Coin call-	t0

j	1 c-	■	g'U Silver

ed a Shilling or a Sixpence, or any counterfeit or

falfe Shilling or Sixpence, or add to, or alter

the Impreffion, or any Part of the Impreffon,

of either Side of fuch lawful or counterfeit

Shilling or Sixpence, with Intent to make fuch

X	Shilling

5°4

ExtraBsfrom the Fend Laws.

Shilir.g referable or look like, or pafs for, a Piece of lawful Gold Coin, called a Guinea, or with Intent to make fuch Sixpence referable, £fV. a piece of lawful Gold Coin called an Half-Guinea, or (hall file, or nnywife alter, walh or odour any of the Brafs Monies called Halfpennies or Farthings, or add to or alter the Lr.prefhon, or any Part of the Impreflion of either Side of any Halfpenny or Farthing, with Intent to make an Halfpenny referable or look like, or pafs for a lawful Shilling; or with Intent to make a Farthing referable or look like, or pafs for a lawful Sixpence; the Offenders, their Counfeilors, Aider:, Abetters, and Procurers, fnall be adjudged guilty of High Trcafon. is Gee. 2. c. 28. f. 1.

Utttrirg falfe 69. That ir any Perfon whatfoever fhall utter °t tender in Payment, any falfc or counterfeit Months Money, knowing the fame to be fo, to any Perfon Imprifanmea: or Pcrbr.s, they (hall, on Conviction fuller fix aacjsccj::-.y	Month: Imprkbnmcr.t, and	find	Sureties for

ml!!-''i0Q*!c‘lcir Behaviour tor fix Months more; for

more.	,	^	,

Second tne lecor.u U.:tnce to be imprifoned two Years,

Oitenee.	and to ii.nd .Scour;:/ for two	Years	more; and

Thn-d	for the third Offence Felony	without Benefit of

Offence.	f-,	^	or

Ciergc. 15 G^, 2. c. 28. J. 2.

Uttering falfe y0- That if any Perfon whatfoever utter or Monev within tencjer ;n Payment any falfe or counterfeit Mo-nev, knowing the fame to be fo, to any Perfon or Perfons, and iliall, either the fame Day or within the Space of ten Days then next, utter or o- hav‘ t ter,der in Paymenr any more other falfe or coun-other falfe	terfeit Money, knowing the fame to be falfe or

Money in,	counterfeit, to the fame Perfon or Perfons or to

Cadsdy, any other, or fnall, at the Time of fuch uttering or tendering have about him or her, in his

or

Exlrafls from the Penal Laws.	305

or her Cuftodv, one or more Piece or Pieces of counterfeit Money, befides what was fo uttered or tendred-, then fuch Perfon, id uttering or tendering the fame, fhail be deemed and taken to be a common Ucterer of faiie Money, and fhail, on Conviction, fuffer a Year’s Imprilbn-t(? a

ment, and find Sureties for their good behaviour)ear s IlB.pr1' r	,,	,	0	, , , (omnent, &c.

for two rears more; and ror every utbiequent ;;ubfequent

Offence are guilty of Felony without Benefit ofOirmce

Clergy. 15 Geo. 2. c. 28. / 3.	Feiony,	&c.

71. That if any Perfon whatfoever fhail make, coin or counterfeit, any Brnfs or Copper Money, f°mcrs commonly called a Halfpenny or a Farthing, t0 b8 fuch Perfons, their Aiders, Abettors, and Pro- impr|foned curers, (hall, on Conviftion, fuffer two Years two Yerrs. Imprifonmenr, arid find Sureties for their good Behaviour for two Years more. 1 5 Gee. 2. r. 28./ 6.

72. That if any Perfon or Perfons falfiy forge The Penalty or counterfeit any fuch Kind of Coin of Gold or Pf f°rS!'r,g of Silver, as is not the proper Coin of this Realm, ^^ihe or permitted to be current within this Realm, Money of this every fuch Offence fhail be deemed Mifprifion Realm, nor of High Treafon, and the Offenders, their c"rrcnc Procurers, Aiders, and Abettors, {hall on Con-J e-em' viftion, be imprilbned and forfeit fitch Lands,

Goods and Chattels, as in Cafes of Mifprifion of Treafon, for Concealment of High Treafon.

14 EHz. c. 3.

73. That if any Perfon whatfoever fhail buy Punilhment or fell, and knowingly have in his Cuftody or^bu)'1'’S or PoffdTton any Clippings or Filings of the cur- ^ rent Coin of this Kingdom ; He fhail, for every 0 ’ fuch Offence, forfeit the laid Clippings or Filings,

and alfo the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and be branded in the Cheek.

X 2	By

-o6	ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

By the 6 £y 7 of W. 3. c. 17. / 4. where Bullion is particularly treated on.

74.. By xi Geo. 1. c. 29. f. 6. it is enadted, Wilfully de- That ir any Owner of, or Captain, Matter faoyiogShip;. Officer or Mariner, belonging to any Ship or Yelfel, fnall wilfully call away, burn, or other-wife dettroy the Ship or Veffei of which he is Owner, or to which he belongeth •, or in any-wife direct or procure the fame to be done, with Intent or Dettgn to prejudice any Perfon or Perfon?, that hath, or lhall underwrite any Policy or Policies of Infurance thereon, or of any Merchant or Merchants that (hall load Goods thereon, or of any Owner or Owners of fuch Ship or Velfel, the Offender or Offenders lhall fuffer Death without Clergy.

Matin?Holes	75-	And the \2 Anne, Stat. 2. c. 18. f. 5.

in tie ship, enacts, That if any Perfon or Perfons lhall make, kc. Felony, or be aflilling in the making any Hole in the Bottom, Side, or any other Part of any Ship or Yelfel in Diftrefs, or lhall deal any Pump belonging to any Ship or Velfel fo in Diftrefs, or fnall be aiding or abetting in the dealing fuch Pump as aforefaid •, or lhall willingly do any Thing tending to the immediate Lofs or De-ftru'tion of fuch Ship or Velfel, fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be guilty of Felony without Benefit of Cierav.

Per'ons con-vicl.ed 01 Plundering IhipttTeck’d

Goods, See.

76. By 26 Geo. 2. c. 19. f. 1. it is enafted, That if any ferfon or Perfons lhall plunder, deal, take away or deftroy, any Goods or Merchandize, or other Effects, from or belonging to any Ship or Velfel of his Majedy’s Subjects or others, which lhall be in Diftrefs, or which lhall be wrecked, loft, ftranded or call on Shore,

in

ExtraSls from the Penal Lam.	307

in any Part of his Majefty’s Dominions fv, he- or oMrufling ther any living Creature be on Board fuch Vefiel!he r:f;aFe of or not), or any of the Furniture, Tackle, Ap- f^sh?0 parel, Provifion, or Part of fuch Ship or Vefiel, w°«k. oTof or (hall beat or wound, with Intent to kill or putting out deftroy, or (hall otherwife wilfully ubftruft the Lights, Efcape of any Perfon endeavouring to lave his "'f or her Life, from fuch Ship or Vefiel, or the°m Wreck thereof; or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall put out any falfe Light or Lights, with Intention to bring any Ship or Vefiel into Danger, inch Perfon or Perfons (hall be deemed guilty of Felony, and (hall fuffer Death without Benefit of Clergy: and where Goods of final! Value (hall s^° j*e be (lolen, without any Circumftance of Cracky, u,,-,,, v,-]iout the Offender may be indicted for Petit Laricny. ttrtumiiance Sen. 2.	°* Lruek}’.

77.	This Statute alfo enadls, That if any Part juices, cn of the Cargo or liftefts whatsoever, belonging i»fo-u.ation to any Ship or Vefiel loft or ftranded, upon or near any the Coafts, aforefaid, (hall be unlaw- gooqs being fully carried or conveyed away, and found con- concealed, cealed in any Ploufc, Out-Houfe, Barn or other to iffue Search Place, by virtue of a Search Warrant under the Wa'rjius-Hand and Seal of one or more Juftices of, the Peace, and the Owner of fuch Houle, Onr-Koufe, rife, (hall refule, on Demand, to deliver the laid Goods to the Owner or Owners thereof, or to any other Perfon lawfully authorized to demand the fame, or (hall not give a fatisfadlory Account to the faid Juftice or Juftices, how he,

(he or they came pofiefted thereof, draft be committed to the common Gaol for the Space of fix Months, or till he, (he or they, (hall pay treble the Value of the faid Goods. Sect. 3.

X 3	78.	And

3oS

Shipwreck'd Goods ottered for Sale, inay be flopt.

Perfors af-

a ju-f:-:e or other Cfirer ap'on tlcir Duty, to be trani'pjritc fo- fevea Years.

Perfons acting contrary to Orders, forfeit 5 1.

Extracts from the Penal Laws.

78.	And all Perfons offering fuch Goods to fale, may be fiopt and carried before a Juftice of the Peace, before whom, if they do not produce the Perfon or Perfons, by whom they were employed to fell the fame, or prove to the Satisfaction of the faid Juliice, within ten Days, how he, fhe or they came pofiefled of the fame, fnall be fubjeft to the fame Penalty; and the Goods to be reflored to the lawful Owner. S. 4.

79.	And this Statute further enafts. That if any Sheriff, or h;s Deputy, Juiiice of the Peace, Mayor, or other Magiftrate, Coroner, Lord of the Manor, Commiflioner of the Land-Tax, Chie (_ or,liable or Petty Conflable, or cher Peace Officer, or any Cuftom-Houfe, or

F.ycife Officer, or other Perion lawfully authorized, fhaii be affaulted, beaten or wounded, for or on Account of the Exercife of his or their Duty, in or concerning the Salvage or Prdervation of cry Ship or Veffel in Dillrefs; or of any Ship or Veffel, Goods or Effcfts, ltranded, wrecked, or caff on Snore, or lying under Water, in any of his M'.jelly's Dominions ; any Perfon or Perfons, fo aifaulting any Jlagiftrare, or inch other Perion as aforefaid, frail, on Conviction, be tranfperted for the Term of fever. Years. Sec:. 11.

So. And it is alio further enacted. That if at the aftcmbling of any Number of Perfons, to fave any Simp, Veffel, Goods or Effects as aforefaid, any Perfon or Perfons !l:all not conform to the Orders of any Owner or Manager of fuch Ship or Veffel, or to the Orders of fuch Mamftrates or other O .'Petrs as aforefaid, as fhaii be then prefetH, every frch Pc.Yon or Perfons fo offending frail Limit l ir e Pounds, t ■	.	to

3°9

Exfraffs from the Penal Laws,

to be levied by Diftrcfs, and for want of Di ft refs to be commuted for any Time not exceeding three Month'. Sell. 13.

81.	By ■> 1 Hen. H. c. 7. it is enafted, That if any Servant or Servants, to whom any Cafkets,

Jewels, Money, Goods or Chattels, fhall be delivered to keep by his, her or their Matters or Miftrefies, ftiall withdraw himfelf, herfelf or theml'elves, from their faid Matters or Miftrefies, and go away with the faid Cafkets, Jewels, Money, Goods or other Chattels, or any Part thereof, to the Intent to fteal the fame, and defraud his, her or their faid Matters or Miftrefies thereof, contrary the Truft and Confidence to him or them put, by his or their laid Matters or Miftrefies ; or elfe beino; in the Service of his or her

3	O

faid Matter or Miftrefs, without Aflent or Commandment of his or her Matter or Miftrefs, im-bezil the fame, or any Part thereof, or otherwife convert the fame, to his or her own Ule, with like Purpofe to fteal it •, that if the faid Cafkets,

Jewels, Money, Goods or Chattels, that any fuch Servant fhall fo go away with, or which he or fire fhall fo im'oezil with Purpofe to fteal it as is aforelaid, be of the Value of forty Shillings or above, that then the fame falle, fraudulent and untrue Aft or Demeanor fhall be deemed and adjudged Felony.

Provided that this Aft (hall not extend to any Apprentice or Apprentices, nor to any Perfon within the Age of eighteen Pears.

82.	By 6 Geo. 2. c. 37. C". 6. it is enafted, arJ That whoever ftiall unlawfully and maiicioufly ^Qroyir-.g' cut any Hop Binds growing on Poles in any Hop Cir.es. Phntation of Hops, every Perfon or perlons fo

X 4.	offending,

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws'.

offending, being thereof lawfully convifted, (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and lhall fuffer Death as in Cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

Rewards for apprehending and profecuting Felons.

,	,	,	83. By & M. c. 8. feti. 2. it is enafled,

icgofRcbbers That all and every Perfon or Perfons, who fhall aadHigb- apprehend and take one or more Thieves and waymen. Robbers, and profecute him or them fo apprehended or taken, until he or they be convifted By 6 Geo. r. of any Robbery committed in or upon any High-c. 23. fea. 8. way, Paffage, Field, or open Place, (hall have the Streets of anj receive from the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the WeSmhiLr bounty where fuch Robbery and Conviction fhall and other ’ be made and done, without paying any Fee for Cities, Toaus the fame, for every fuch Offender fo convicted and Places, the Sum 0f / within one Month after fuch Conviction, and Demand thereof made; on Pain of forfeiting double the Sum.

84.	And by the fame Statute it is farther enacted, That every PeTon or Perfons, who fhall v rake, apprehend, profecute, or convict iuch Rob-pp.euea er. ber or Robbers, asaforefaid, as a further Reward fhall have and enjoy, to his and their proper Ufe and Behoof, the Horfe, Furniture and Arms, Money, or other Goods of the faid Robber or Robbers, that fhall be taken with him or them; any their Majefties Righr or Title, Bodies politick or corporate, or the Right and Title thereunto, of the Lord of any Manor, Liberty or Franchife, or of him or them lending or letting

the

are deemed Highways.

Horfe and Goods for-feired to the

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.	311

the fame to Hire, to any fuch Robber or Robbers, in any wife notwithftanding: Provided always, that this Claufe fliall not be conftrued to extend to take away the Right of any Perfon or Perfons to fuch Horfes, Furniture and Arms,

Money, or other Goods, from whom the fame were before felonioully taken. Sett. 6.

And by the Hth of Geo. 2. c. 16. 101, is allowed to Perfons apprehending Robbers after Hue and Cry railed, over and above the Rewards aforefaid.

85.	Obs. If St able Keepers who let Horfes to hire, efpecially in London, would enter in a Book the jT E Names and Places of Abode of Perfons to whom they let their Horfes, together with the Day of

the Month, and the Name of the Place to which the Horfe is going, and never let anv horfe to a Stranger, unlefs he brings with him as a Voucher, fome Perfon known to the Stable-Keeper, it would prevent many Highway Robberies, render the De-teclion of Highwaymen more utfy, be of infinite Service to the Publick, and nc Detriment to the Stable Keeper, who may with Uiy to himfelf. and ought in Juftice to the Public, when he fees by any Advertifcment, that he has let his Horfe to a Highwayman, to give imm.diate Notice to fome Magi-firate ; for when the horfe is returned into the Pof-feffioh of the Stable Keeper, it will 'not be forfeited on the Conviciton of the Highwayman, as has been loo often thought by the Sialle-Kcepers, and has been the principal Means of ihr.r omitting to make fuch Difcoveries when in their Power.

86.	By 5 A. c. 31 feet. 1. it is enacted, That Apprehending all Perfons who fhall apprehend and take any of burglars, Perfon or Perfons guilty of Burglary, or the&c-

felo-

212	Extracts	from	the	Penal	Laws.

felonious breaking and entering of any Houfe in the Day-time, and profecute him, her or them, fo apprehended and taken, to Conviction, fhall have and receive, over and above the Rewards given by io and n IV. 3. c. 23. (which gives a Certificate, commonly called a Tyburn Executor of Ticket, to fuch Apprehenders and Profecucors) Watchmen, the Sum of 40 /. to be paid by the Sheriff in one or others Month after Demand made; the Watchman, Purfui"1 w or other Perlbn, killed in Purfuit of Houfe-break-have the 401. ers-> his Executor, tfr. intitled to che like Sum of 40 /. Sc51. 2.

Apprehend- 8/. Bv 10 I P V/. 3. c. 23. feet. 2. it is ingPerfonsfor enafted, That all Perfons, who fhall apprehend

va-l-MoIhe 3nd take

any Perfen guilty of any the Felonies IVre of - 5 menrioned in the Margin, and profecute him, in any Shop, her or them, to Conviction, (ball have forth-Warehoufa with as a Reward, after every fuch Conviction, °f	a Certificate under the Hand or Hands of the

AmSeVot Judge, Ju’.lice or Juftices, before whom fuch Con-broke oper, or vietion fhall be had ; and l’uch Ceitificate may be for Horfe- once afiigned ever, and no more; and original ficahrg, m- proprietor of fuch Certificate, or the Aflignte Certit-0-c of'tkc !i!Tie’ wh°ioever of them fhall have the comtr.or.iv Interefl therein, by Virtue thereof, and of this called a Ty- Acl, fhall and may be discharged of and from all bum Ticket, and all Manner of Parilh and Ward Offices, with-in the Pari fir or Wards, wherein fuch Felony fhall Offenders. he committed ; the laid Certificate to be inrol-led by the Clerk of the Peace of the County where the fame was granted, and to have for his Fee one Shilling and no more ; and the laid Certificate ikali not be afiigned over, after it has been mane life of, to exempt any Perlon from Parian Others and the Executors of Perions 2	fain

Extracts from the Penal Laws.	213

Bain in apprehending any of the faid Felons, Executors of (hail have the fame Sort of Certificate, without Pe'p)lhPa,n Fee o.- Reward; and all Doubts and Difputes, offenders ^ relating to the Fight of fuch Certificate, to be titled to ' decided by the judges or Jullices, before whom Certificate. Inch Offender or Offenders fhall be convided. left. 4.

88.	By },<.Geo. 2. c.6.fcft. 2. it is enaCted,

That all Perfons, who fliall apprehend and pro-fecute to Conviction, any Perfon for healing and driving away, or killing with an Intention to

(leal the whole or any Pfcrt of one or more Reward for Sheep, or for affifting and aiding therein, fliall taking and have and receive, as a Reward upon every “nvicting fuch Conviction, the Sum of 10/. to be paid by Stca'crs the Sheriff or the County, within one Month after fuch refpeftive Conviction, without any DeduCtion whatfoever.

89.	And by 15 Geo. 2. e. 34. the faid Reward Extended tQ is extended to Perfons apprehending thofe con- Bulls, Cows, viCted of fixating any Bull, Cow, Ox, Steer, Oxen, Steers, Bullock, Heifer, Calf or Lamb, as well as Lambs> &c. Sheep.

90.	By 6 Geo. 1. c. 23. feel. 9. it is enacted, joI. Reward That whoever fliall difeover, apprehend and pro- kraypre-lecute, to ConviClion of Felony without Benefit j?™s

of Clergy, any Perfon or Perfons, for the Of 0f receiving fence of taking Money or other Reward, cu- Monty tohelp redly or indirectly, to help any Perfon or Per- Futonsso funs to their ftolen Goods, (fuch Offender not having apprehended the Felon who rtole the lame, and brought him or her to Trial for the lame, and given Evidence againit him or her as required by Law) fliall be in titled to a

Reward

3H

ExtraBs from the Penal Lam. .Reward of 40/. on Conviction of every fuch Offender.

Rewards for taking Coiners, &c.

Perfonstaking 91- % 6 & 7 JF- 3- c- >7• M 9- k is ena£l-and convia- ed, That all and every Perfon and Perfons, who ing Clipper?, {hall apprehend and take any Perfon or Perfons &c. to have w[10 havc counterfeited any of the current Coin 4	of this Realm,- or that for Lucre or Gain have

clipped, wafhed, filed, or any ways diminilhed the fame, or fhall bring, or caufe to be brought into this Kingdom, the Dominions of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, any dipt, falfe, or counterfeit Coin, and profecute fuch Perfon or Perfons to Conviction, fhall have and receive from the Sheriff where the Conviction fhall be made, the Sum of 40 /. without paying any Fee for the fame, within one Month after Conviction, and Demand thereof made.

Apprehenders 92- By 15 Geo. 2. c. 28. feet. 7. it is enaCted, of Perfons That whoever fhall apprehend any Perfon or guiltyofwafh- perfons guilty of wafhing, guilding or colour-CopperCohT inS> or during the Impreffion of any the law-or of counter- fd Silver Coin of this Kingdom, called a Shil-feiting Cop- ling or a Sixpence, or any counterfeit Shilling per Com. or Sixpence, with Intent to make them look like, or pafs for, a Guinea or an half Guinea; or that fhall file, or any ways alter, wafh or colour, any of the Brafs Monies called Halfpennies or Farthings, or add to, or alter the Impreffion, or any Part of the Impreffion, of the fame, with Intent to make them look

%>

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.

like, or or pafs for, a lawful Shilling or a Sixpence, made High Treafon by this Statute; or that fhall be guilty of knowingly uttering falfe Money (being the third OffenceJ or that fhall be guilty of uttering falfe Money, after they have been once convided of being a common Utterer of falfe Money, made Felony by this Statute; or that fhall counterfeit any of the aforefaid Copper Money; and fhall profecute fucb Offender or Offenders to Convidion; fuch Profecutor and Profecutors fhall have and receive, from the Sheriff of the County where the Convidion fhall be made, for every Offender fo convided of any the Treafons or Felonies aforefaid, the Sum of 401, and for every Perfon convided of counterfeiting any of the faid Copper Money, not Felony by this Statute, the Sum of ml,

93. And by 16 Geo. 2. c. 15. fell. 3. it is Apprehend-enaded, That whoever fhall apprehend and pro- InS re-fecute to Convidion, any Felon or other Of- T™nfSorta™ fender ordered to be tranfported, or who fhall cjou. P agree to tranfport themfelves on certain Conditions, and fhall afterwards be found at large, within any Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, without lawful Caufe, before the Expiration of the Term for which they were ordered to be tranfported, or had fo agreed to tranfport themfelves, fhall be intided to a Reward of 201. to be paid in the fame Manner as Rewards for taking of Highwaymen are.

Em our-

316

Extracts from the Penal Laws'.

Encouragement for Accov.iIkes hi Felonies to fur render.

Accomplices in Highway Robberies.

Accomplice;

94.	By 4 JV. id M. c. 8. feci. j. it is enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, being Got of Prifon, commit any Robbery, and afterwards difcover two or more Perfon or Perfons, who already hath, or hereafter {hail commit any Robbery, fo as two or more of the Perfon or Pei fens dilcovered fhall be convicted of fuch Robbery; any fuch Difcoverer fhall himfelf have his Ma-jefty’s moft gracious Pardon, for .all Robberies which he or they fhall have committed, at any Time or Times before fuch Difcovery made; which Paidon mail be likcv/ifa a good Bar to any Appeal br.v-ghi for any Inch Robbery.

95.	And m 3 A. c. 31 fees. 4. I: any Perfon

in Hoafe or ferfens, being out cf Priion. fhall commit Breaking, tc. any J5urgi2ry. or Felony, and afterwards dif-covertwoor more Perfons, who have committed any Burglary, or Felony, mentioned in the laid Act, lb as two or more of the Perfons dilcovered fhall be convicted, fuch Difcoverer fhall himfelf have the Allowance of 40/. by this Aft given to Apprehenders, as well as ail other Advantages allowed fuch '1 alter, and alfo indued to his fviajefty’s Pardon for all Burglaries, Robberies and Felonies (except Murder and Treafon). Accomplices 96. And by iocPii IV. 3. c. 23. fsci. 5. If in Burglaries, any Perfon or Perfons fhall commit any Bur-Shtptware-gW. or Robbery in any Shop, Warehouse,

hoafc. Coach Doach-riouie, or Stable, and privately andrelo-

houfes and nioufly Real Goods thereout, to the Value of five

Shib

ExtraBs from the Penal Laws.	317

Shillings or more, or fhall fteal any Horfe, and Stables, and being out of Prifon, fhall difcover two or morein Horfe-Perfon or Perfons, who fhall have committed ftealin£-any fuch Burglary, Horfe-ftealing, or other Felony as afordaid, and lhall be convided thereof, or caui'e to be difcovered and apprehended, two Perfons or more, who fhall be convicted as afore-faid, every fuch Difcoverer fhall have his Ma-jefty’s moil gracious Pardon for all fuch Offences, as afordaid, fo by him, her or them committed, ac any Time or Times before fuch Difcovery.

of. By 7 of tV. 3. c. 17. feft. 12. If any ArC0mpI;C(S Perfon or Perfons, being out of Prifon, fhall be in clipping, guilty of clipping, coining, counterfeiting, wafh-coining. ing, fling, or otherwife diminiihing the Coin 0F'°,',"t.er^ei*'nS. this Realm, and afterwards difcover two or more&*_ thfcom* Perfons who have committed any of the faid 0f this Crimes, fo as two or more of the Perfons difco- Kingdom, vered fhall be convidted of the fame, fuch Difcoverer (hall himfelf have his Majefly’s molt gracious Pardon for all fuch Crimes, which he, or they, have atanyTime or Times committed before fuch Difcovery made ; and if the Perfon making fuch Difcovery be an Apprentice, he fhall be deemed and taken, and is hereby declared a Freeman, Apprentice and fhall have, and may exercife, any lawful difcoverinj Trade, Profeffion or Myftery, with all Liber-®ade“ ties and Privileges, and in as full and ample a r Manner as if the faid Perfon had ferved the full Time of his Apprenticefhip; any Law, Statute,

Cuftom or Ordinance, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

98. By 15 Geo. 2. c. 28. feft. 8. If any Perfon, being out of Prifon, fhall be guilty of any of the following Offences, viz. of waffling,

gilding.

218	ExtraBs	from	the Penal Laws.

gilding, or colouring, or altering the Impreffion of any the lawful Silver Coin of this Kingdom, called a Shilling or a Sixpence, or any counterfeit Shilling or Sixpence, with Intent to make them look like, or pafs for, a Guinea or an Accomplices half Guinea, or lhall file or anywife alter, inwafluDg&l-waijj or colour any of the Brafs Monies called Coir o°m 1 Halfpennies or Farthings, or add to, or alter the coimterfeicino Impreffion, or any Part of the Impreffion of the Copper Coin, fame, with Intent to make them look like or pafs for a lawful Shilling or a Sixpence, made High Trealon by this Statute ; or fhall be guilty of knowingly uttering falle Money (being the third Offence) or fhall be guilty of uttering falfe Money, after being once convifted of being a common Utterer of falfe Money, made Felony by this Statute; or fhall counterfeit any of the aforefaid Copper Money, and fhall afterwards difcover two or more Perfons who fhall have committed any of the faid Offences, fo as fuch two or more fhall be thereof convided; fuch Dif-coverer fhall have his Majefty’s moft gracious Pard n for fuch his or her Offences.

99. By 29 Gee. 2. c. 30. felt. 8. it is enafted, That if any Pcrfon, being out of Prifoh, fhall commit any Felony, by dealing any Lead, Iron, convicfimr'” Copper, Brafs, Bell-metal or Solder, and fhall two Receivers afterwards difcover two or more Perfons who pardoned. fhall buy or receive any ftolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-metal or Solder, knowing the fame to be ftolen, fo as two or more of the Perfons dif-covered fhall be convifted of fuch buying or receiving, he, floe, or they fo difeovering, fhall have his Majefty’s moft gracious Pardon.

1 oq. And

Extractsfrom the Penal Laws.	3	jg

100. And if any Perfon (hall be concerned in Or convifling the dealing any Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafs, anyofa Bell-metal or Solder, and (hall afterwards, being out of Prifon, difcover any Perfon to whom fl0ln ° he, (he or they, (hall have offered to fell, Profecution. pawn or deliver any fuch dolen Lead, &V. fo that fuch Perfon be convi&ed of the Mifdemea-nor of not apprehending, fecuring and carrying him, her or. them, before a Judice, that then the Perfon making fuch Difcovery (hall not be liable to be profecuted for dealing the Lead,

Iron, Copper, Brafs, Bell-metal or Solder, fo offered as aforefaid. Sett. 9.

Ods. Notwithftanding the Promises of Fidelity which Thieves and other Offenders make to each other when formed into a Gang, daily Experience Jhews, that when one of the Gang is apprehended, he cone Jlantly facrifices the reft to fave himfelf-, and this too often happens to be the Ring-leader and greateft Op-fender, who by bullying and terrifying the reft, prevents them, however they may repent of their Practices, from impeaching him, till he has an Of-portunity, by this mifplaced Confidence, of difeover-ing his Companions to his own Advantage; and as the abovementioned Laws have humanely given fuch ample Encouragements to all Offenders to fur-render themfelves, it muft be for Want of Conftde-ration only, that they do not more frequently embrace this Indulgence; for there is a wide Difference between an Evidence for the Crown who furrenders himfelf, and one who is admitted an Evidence after he is taken. The former is intitled to bis Pardon by Law, the latter may be tried himfelf, even after he has convitied his Accomplices, if he has been guilty of Offences in more Counties than one. It is therefore Y	earneftly

'20	Extracts from the Penal Laws'.

earncfily recommended to thofe •who are unhappy enough to be perfuaded into Vice, and to be threatened into the Continuation of it, to liften to thefirft Re-morfes of their Confcience, and give the moft unfeigned Earnejl of their Penitence, by feparating from the Gang, and by privately furrendering tbemfelves to feme Magiftrate, where they will always find Protection and Countenance; for that Fidelity which Thieves promife to each other is as picked as it is weak.

A

![ 321 ]

A

TREATISE

O N T H E

OFFICE of Constable.

To the High Confables and Petit Conjlables of the County of Middle-fex, and City and Liberty of Weft-mi nfter.

Gentlemen,

TH E late Henry Fielding, who for fome Time executed the important Office of principal afting Magiftrate for the County of Mddlefex and City and Liberty of Wejiminjler, fo much to his own Honour and fo much to the Advantage of his Country, obferving from daily Experience the great Difficulties and Dangers to which the Peace Officers were expofed in the Execution of their Office, either from the defperate Behaviour of Felons, the Cunning of Cheats, or what is worfe than both, the Attacks of litigious Perfons under the Influence and Directions of Y 2	the

322

A Treatife on the Office of Conjlable.

the lowed of Attornies, who are ready on all Occafions to point out any Irregularity committed by a Peace Officer, and to made their Advantage of it, to the Injury, nay, often to the Ruin of the Officer, refolved to draw up and pubiiffi a plain and complete Account of the Office of Conftable, which he begun; but by a lingering Illnefs, which put a Period to his valuable Life, he was prevented from perfefting this ufeful Work; and as feveral Conftables have of late lubjected themfelves to Profecutions from Errors in their Judgment, I have carefully collected and revifed the Obfervations found among my Brother’s Manufcripts on this Sub-jeft, and have made fuch Additions as may poffibly render the Work more ufeful, though I am far from offering it to the Public as a perfect Treatile •, yet if it Ihould be the Means in any Refped of rendering the Office of Conftable more eafy and intelligible, or of preventing either Trouble to, or the Profecution of any Peace Officer, it will fully anfwer my Purpofe -, for though I am fenlible there are already very ufeful Trails of this Sort, yet I think they cannot have too many Guides to direct them, provided they are fo perfedt as not to miflead, as their Office is only for a Year, a Time much too lhort for them to be thoroughly acquainted with the Nature of their Duty. And here I muft beg Leave to put thofe Gentlemen, who have the Honour to be chofen into this important Office, in Mind of the Dignity and Confequence of their Station -, for if the feveral High Conftables are adive, diligent and attentive in their Duty, carefully inftruct, and live in Harmony with the 4	Petit

A ’Treat!fe on the Office of Conflable. Petit Conftables, Peace and good Order muft enfue in this Metropolis. Conftables are ielcdt-ed from the Inhabitants as able and reputable Men to execute this Truft, which is not rcpoled in them, without their being firft bound by a folemn Oath well and truly to lerve the laid Office, which though troublefome, and often dangerous, is very honourable. In IVeJlmtnfter there are fourfcore Conftables •, in the adjoining Parts of the Copnty of Middlefex there are more-, thefe two Bodies united by Harmony, ftrengthened by a juft fenl'e of their Duty, and well inftrufled, encouraged and fupporred by the Magiftracy, become a formidable Body, (hews the Civil Power in its true and proper Light, and will ever be capable of fuppreffing Evils of the mod dangerous Nature. But nothing can conduce fo much to the preventing of Evils of every Kind arifing to any confiderable Height, as the Care and Attention of each individual Conftable in his own Ward. Here he may ob-ferve Mifchiefs and Breaches of the Laws on their firft Appearance, and by proper Notices, friendly Perfuafions, neccfiary Informations before the Magiftrate, or by Preferment before the Grand Inqueft when he makes his Returns, which laft ought moft conlcientioufly to be done without Favour or Affeftion, he may ftop the Evil in its Infancy, and prevent the Repetition of it from confirming it into Habit, when it will be more difficult, if not impoffible, to iup-prefs it •, for I (hould not do Juftice, if I did not declare, that a great Number of Inhabitants, who have been fummoned before me for buffering Gaming and other Breaches of the Laws, the Y 3	Moment

A Treatife on the Office of Conjlable.

Moment they were acquainted with the Illegality and evil Tendency of fuch their Practices, immediately put a Stop to them without forcing the Magiftrate to the difagreeable Neceffity of executing a Penal Law. If a Conftable has a due Regard for Religion, the Oath he takes to do his Duty will have a proper Influence on his Con-duft. If he confiders the Refpedt that is due to the Laws of his Country, he will never connive at the Breach of any of them •, and if he exe-ecutes his Office with Diligence, Candour and Humanity, he will fecure to himfelf the Confidence of the People, {Lengthen his own Authority, and be efteemed a valuable, ufeful and worthy Member of Society. To which I ihall only beg Leave to add one Obfervation, that where Warrants are executed in this Metropolis, on Complaints of a trivial Nature, the Conftable fhould always give his Prifoner Time to bring fome of his Friends with him before the Magiftrate, as this may prevent the Malice of Profecutors; but where Cheats and Felons are apprehended, they ffiould be immediately carried before a Juftice of the Peace, as a Moment’s Delay may prevent Difcoveries of the greateft Confequence, and give Accomplices Time to fe-crete themfelves and their ftolen Goods. And to prevent Efcapes and Refcues in the Streets, it is always prudent to put fuch Prifoners into a Hackney Coach, the Expence of which I ihall ever be ready to defray, and at all Times rejoice as well to give my Advice and Affiftance to any Peace Officer who fhall think proper to a Ik it, as to furnifh him by Night or Day with every Degree of Prote&ion in his Office the

Law§

A Treatife on the Office of Confable.

Laws of his Country intitle him to. Wilhing you therefore Harmony among yourfelves. Safety to your Perfons, and Security from Pro-fecutions in the Execution of your refpeftive Duties,

I am, Gentlemen,

Your fincere Friend,

And obedient humble Servant,

JOHN FIELDING.

CO

[ 3?6 ]

A

TREATISE

ON THE OFFICE of Constable.

Th: Office of v H E Office of Conftable, whether we Conibble. § agree with my Lord Coke in the Deri-JL vation of the Word, or with the lefs honourable Etymology of Dr. Cowell, is certainly of great Antiquity in this Kingdom.

Anciently there was a very high Officer of State, under the Denomination of the Lord Conftable* and feveral other Officers there are at this Day who are fo called; as the Conftable of the fewer, &c. but with fuch we concern not ourfelves in this Treatife, in which we intend only to fpeak of thofe Officers, who are at prefent known by the Name of High and Petit Con-ftables.

Its Origin. Both thefe Officers were at common Law in the Time of the Saxons. The beft Account of their priginal is given by Ftneux, in the Book of 12 If. 7. who makes them as old as the Divifion of Counties into Hundreds, and again of thefe Hundreds into Boroughs or Towns* over the

latter

A Treatife on the Office of Conftahle.

latter of which were placed the Petit Conflables, as the High Conftabks were over the former. (a)

As well the Petit as the High Conftable, were, by their Offices, Confervators of the Peace at the Common Law, within the Limits of their Hundreds, Towns, Tythings and Boroughs; (b) and their Authority is as antientas the Turns or Courts Leet •, and did not, as fome have fup-pofed, begin in the Times of Ediv. 3. (c) nor even by the Statute of Winchejier made in the 13th Year of Edw. t. * And what that Statute ordains concerning Con (fables, is to be underftood in Affirmance of the Common Law

(4

This Statute of IVinchefter appoints two Con-(tables to be chofen in every Hundred or Fran-chife; but gives no farther Direction.

Mr. Dalton thinks that thefe were the High Conftables of Hundreds; but this feems to combat with the Opinion of Fineux before-mentioned, which Dalton himfelf a little afterwards cites and approves.

(a) Dalt. c. 28. (h) Daft, c, 1. It? c. 28.	(■)	4	Tnrt.

265. (d)| Dalt. c. 28.

* This is inexcufeable Ignorance; for Conflables are mentioned before this Time in Wtjlm. 1. c. 1$. in which Statute he is placed between the Under Sheriff and the Bailiffs of Fee. So that there were then, faith Lord Coke in his Notes on that Statute (2 Inft. 190) Conflables in Fee who had the keeping ofPrifons. Though, perhaps, the Words of Fa ought only to be coupled to the Word Bailiffs; and means no more than the Bailiffs ef Franchifes; and this agrees belt with the Context in the laid Statute.

The

328

How chofen.

A Treatife on the Office of Conflable.

The Conftables of Hundreds, or the High Conftables, were at firft chofen and fworn as appears in the Sheriff's Torn (a) ; but in the Time of Mr. Dalton, they were ufually chofen at the Seflions, or by the Majority of the Juftices of the Divifion, and were either fworn at the Seflions or by Warrant from the Seflions. A Claufe, he fays, which was often allowed and commended by the Judges of Aflize {b).

And in the fame manner as they are chofen, they are upon fit Caufe to be removed from their Office (c).

The High Conftables, by their original In-ftitutions, were to take View of Armour twice every Year, and to prefent before the Juftices the Defaults of Armour, of Watches, of Highways, and of Hue and Cries, and alfo fuch as lodged Strangers, for whom they could not an-fwer (d).

Conftables of Hundreds are compellable to attend at the Aflizes, and prefent Offenders upon Oath, but not fo at the Quarter-Seflions

W-

By the Common Law, fays the Lord Coke, the Conftables are to be chofen at the Leet or Torn (f). In fome Books, it is laid, that the Conftables are to be chofen by the Sheriff; and in others by the Decennary; but it is agreed, that he mull then be fworn into his Office by'the Sheriff: But where there is a Court-Leet, this Power of chufing Conftables feems to belong to

(a) Dalt. C. 28. f. 5. (£) Dalt. c. 28.	(r)	Da[t.	C.	jB.

(J) Da!t. c. 28. (t) Dalt. c. 28. faid to have been fo refolved by all the Judges of Ea^/and. (f) 4 inft. 265,

the

A freshfe on the Office of Conjlable.

the Lord of that Leet; and fuch, fays Mr. Hawkins, muft be underftood to have been the Senfe of the Makers of that Statute in 13 &? 14 Car. 2. (a)

Writers agree in giving to Juftices of Peace a Power to appoint a Conftable in Default of the Lord at his Leet, or of the Sheriff at his Torn, before the Statute of 13 6? 14 Car. 2. And this Power feems to have the Sanction of Time, though it may be, perhaps, difficult to fhew from what legal Authority it was at firft derived.

And not only when the Leet have failed to appoint a Conftable, but where unable or untit Per-fons have been chofen, the Juftices of Peace have interfered and have removed them. (I) So if a Conftable die or remove out of the Parilh, and the Time of the Leet be far off, his Place is to be fupplied by the Seflions; and if they be not near, by the next Juftices.

This Jurifdiftion the Juftices exercifed at Common Law, but now the Statute (reciting that whereas the Laws and Statutes for the apprehending of Rogues and Vagabonds have not been duly executed, fometimes for Want of Officers, by Reafon Lords of Manors do not keep Court-Leets every Year for the making them) enadts, That in Cafe any Conftable, Head-borough or Tythingman, Ihall die or go out of the Parilh, any two J uftices of the Peace may make and fwear a new Conftable, Headborough or Tythingman, till the faid Lord fhall hold a Court, or till the next Quarter-Seffions, who

[a] Hawk. P. C, b. 2. c, ro. f. 37. (i) Dalt. c. 28.

fhall

33°

A Treatife on the Office of Conftable.

^iall approve of the faid Officers fo made and {worn as aforefaid, or appoint others as they fhall think fit. And if any Officer fliall continue above a Year in his or their Office, that then in fuch cafe the Juftices of the Peace in their Quarter-Seffions may difcharge fuch Officers, and may put another fit Per-fon in his or their Place, rill the Lord of the faid Manor (hall hold a Court as aforefaid.

And if in Default of holding Courts-Leer, they continue above a Year, they may be dif-charged at the Seffions, and others put in (a).

If Leets choofe unable or unfit Petit Confta-bles, it is a good Caufe of the Forfeiture of the Leet. And upon a Complaint to the Affizes or Seffions, the Juftices of the Peace fhall be authorized to choofe new ones.

Since the Statute, therefore it is clear that two Juftices of Peace may, in Default of the Lord of the Leet, make and fwear a new Conftable, &fr. But this is a fpecial Authority, and muft be ftri&ly purfued; and therefore an Order of Seffions, reciting a Complaint made by the Petit Conftables of A. that they had ferved above a Year, and that at a Leet holden for the Manor of B. thefe Conftables with the Homage prefent-ed D. E. F. G. four able Perfons of the Town of A. in Order that two might be nominated, {ic. and that the Steward refufed to nominate them, &c. but continued the Complainants in their faid Offices; and upon Examination of the faid Complainants upon Oath, the

(a) Dalt. c. 28.

Seffions

A ‘Treatife on the Office of Conliable.	3jl

Selfions difcharged them, and appointed D. and E. Petit Conftables of the faid Town for the Year enfuing, or till others are legally appointed. This Order was qualhed by the whole Court, becaufe the Seffions have not purified the Reftridion of the Statute by appointing the faid Conftables till the Lord lhall hold a Court (a).

By the Statute of Hen. 8. (b) two Juftices of the Peace (one Quorum) lhall appoint and name in every Hundred within the Limits of their Commiffion, two fufficient Gentlemen or Yeo. men to be Chief Conftables of the Hundred wherein they inhabit, which Chief Conftables are to have the fame Power with High Conftables of Hundreds in England.

A Cuftom in a Town that the Inhabitants lhall ferve the Office of a Con liable by Turns, according to the Situation of their feveral Hou-fes, hath been allowed to be Good of later Times,

(c) though there are ancient Authorities to the contrary (d).

No Man is qualified to be a Conftable who is Who not an Inhabitant of the Place for which he is tochofe"' ferve that Office (e).

Nor is every Inhabitant a fit Perfon to be chofen into this Office. He ought, faith Mr.

Dalton, to be of the abler Sort of Parilhioners; and if a very ignorant or poor Perfon be chofen, he may, by Law, be difcharged, and an abler Perfon placed in his Room (f).

[a) King and Davis, T. ioG. 2.	(£)	34	H.	8.	c.	26.

f. 70. (c) Hawk. c. 10.1. 37.	(f)	Dak.	c.	aS.	(c)	K:»g

and Davis. (/) Dalt. c. 28.

Perfon?

332

Refilling to be fworn.

A 'Treatife on the Office of Confable.

Perfons qualified to be Conftables, are not ab-folutely excufed from taking upon themfelves that Office, by being of the Rank of Gentlemen (tho’ of Quality faith Dalton); nor will the Pro-feffion of a Phyfician excufe them; yet, if there be other Efficient Perfons within the Diftrift, they will poffibly have Relief in the King's Bench : But a fworn Attorney of any Court in V/eftmin-fier Hall may be difcharged by a Writ of Privilege, even though he were chofen by Reafon of his Eftate according to the Cuftom, &c. for he is obliged to give his Attendance on his Court. And for like Reafon it hath been adjudged, that an Alderman of London cannot be chofen Conftable; for that as Alderman, he is bound to be prefent in the City for the good Government thereof (a).

By two Statutes made in the Reign of Hen. 8. the Wardens and Fellowlhip of the Myftery of Surgeons, are exempt from the Offices of Conftables, Watch, &c. provided they do not exceed the Number of twelve, and the Prefi-dent and Fellows of the College of Phyficians are not to be chofen Conftables, nor any other Officers in London, nor in the Suburbs of the fame {b).

It hath been held, that all the Surgeons in England are within the Equity of the former Statute; but that the Privilege arxCng from the latter is confined to thofe Phyficians who are Fellows of the College.

If a Perfon duly elected refufes to be fworn, he may be indifted either before Juftices of the

(a) Hawk. c. io. f. 40. (£) 5 H. 8. c. 6. 32H. 8. c. 40.

Peace

A Treatife on the Office of Conftable'.

Peace at their Seffioris, or before Juftices of Oyer and Terminer (a); or if he be prefent, he may be fined by the Court before whom he is to be iworn; or upon a Prefentment of his Refufal, with all proper Circumftances, the Court may amerce him. But the Indiftment is the more ufual Way •, and in fuch Indidtment it is neceflary ro fet out fpecially the Manner of the Election, Appointment, Notice and Refu-fal (b).

If a Conftable lawfully chofen, refufes to be fworn, one Juftice may bind him over to the Seffions; but he cannot commit him till he will take on him the Office U).

Where any Perfon is duly appointed to the Office of Conftable, and the Steward, &c. refufes to fwear him; or where one, having a Right to be privileged from ferving this Office, is eledted, he may, in either Cafe, be relieved, by applying to the Court of King's Bench.

It hath been refolved, That a Conftable may make a Deputy, becaule, as Mr. Crompton fays, he may be fick •, but the better Reafon is, be-caufe it is a Minifterial Office. And yet, faith Dalton, fome have held that this is rather by Toleration than by Law (,i).

Having premiled thus much concerning the Antiquity of this Office, the Perfons who are properly qualified for, and not privileged by Law from it, with the Manner of appointing Conftables, and thofe who are by Law authorized to appoint them; I come next to the

(") Dak. c. 28. f. j.	(i)	Hawk. b. 2. c. 10. f. 46.

!<) Dale- c. 28. f ;.	(</)	Dalt.	c.	i.f.7.

main

334

Original

Power.

Wound givi in his Prefence.

Break open Doors.

A Treatife on the Office of Conjiable.

tnain Point propofed in this Treadle, viz. Ta confider and explain the Duty which the Law enjoins on this Office, and the Authority with which he is veiled, that he may be enabled to perform fuch Duty. And here I lhall endeavour to lay down every Point in the plained and cleared Manner; fo as to be intelligible to almod every Capacity.

The Office of a Condable is two-fold:

1.	Original or Primitive.

2.	Miniderial, or relative to the Judices of the Peace, Coroners, Sheriffs, &c. (a)

Firtl then of his original Power. By this he

is,

1.	To arred all Perfons, who in his Prefence are guilty of any Treafon or Felony.

2.	If a grievous Wound, from which there is apparent Danger of Death, be given in his Prefence, he is to arred the Offender (b). And in either of thefe Cafes he may break open Doors, if denied Entrance, and if the guilty Perfon be there (c). Again in theie Cafes he may judify killing the Offender, if he flies or refids, io that he cannot otherwife be apprehended ; but this he ought never to do when the Offenders may be otherwife taken (d).

3.	He may arred any one whom he lhall fee going about to commit a Treafon or Felony, or any other Aft which would manifedly endanger the Life of another (e). And therefore, if a Man leave an Infant in the Cold,

(a) Hale's P. C. Vol. 2- p. 88.	(I)	Dalt.	c.	8.	f.	z.

(t) Hale’s P. C. Vol. z. p. 77. (Jj Hale’s P. C. Vol. z. p. 77,91. (f) Hawk. b. c. 12. f. 19.

with

A Treat tfe on the Ojfice of Con fable.

with Intent to deftroy it, or to charge the Pari Hr, the Conilable may arreft him (o'. The Cor,(table may arreft any Man who is guilty of af— faulting him, and may imprifon ilich Offend- Aflaultinga er, (b) and carry him before a Jut’.ice to find Comtable.. Sureties (c).

4.	If any Affray be in the Prefence of theA®3)'-Conflable, he may arreft the Offender; fo may he, by way of Prevention, thofe who attempt to caufe or begin luch an Affray, indeed, 1:1 genera!, as he is by the Common Law a Confervator of the Peace, fo ought he in all Cafes to preferve this Peace, and may juffify fecuring thofe who actually break or go about ro break it; or as Mr .Dalton words ir, (hall be in a Fury ready to break it, in his Prefence (d). In all thefe Cafes the Conftable may aft with the utmoft Security ; and, indeed, every private Perfon not only may, but ought to do the fame, though he is lefs queftionable for the Negleft; for the Conftable being prelent at an Affray, ought in the King’s Name to command the Affrayers to ccafe and deparc on Pain of Imprifonment; and if he doth otherwife he Ihall be feverely fined (e>. And if any of the Affrayers retufe to depart, and {hall draw „ any Weapons, or give any B1 rw, the Conftable j^^ffiifarce may command the Affiitance of others, and may juftify, the hurring luch as may make Refiftance (f). And this more efpecially in great and violent Affrays, and where any Perfon hath received a dangerous Wound ig).

(«) Hawk. b. z. c. iz. f 19. Hale’s P. C. Vol. 2. p. 88. |b) Hale ib. {c) Halt. c. 8, f. 7- ("1 Hale's P C. z. 88. Dalt. e. 8. f 2.	(<•) Dak. e. 8. f 3.	f\ Dalt, ib.	(j)

Hale. c. S. f. 3.

7.

In

33&

VFliat i; an A£ray.

Jncor.tinency.

Arrefccg on Sufpicion.

A 7"reatife on the Offtce of Conjlable.

In this Cafe he may command the Affrayers to Prifon for a fhort Time, Till their Heat be over (a).

Note, however, that there can be no Affray without ■ an aftual Breach of the Peace, as Weapons drawn, Blows ftruck or attempted, £=?f. Words will not make an Affray; yet if thefe be Words of Menace to kill, beat or hurt any one, then may the Conftable arreft the Offender, and carry him before a Juftice of the Peace to find Sureties {]?).

£. If a Conftable find a Man and Woman together actually concerned in an Aft of In-confmency, he may arreft them both (c). 1 he old Cafe in the Book of Hen. 7. is much ftronger, but fo far is certainly Law at this Day.

Nor is this his original Power of arrefting Offenders confined folely to Afts done within his own View ; for

6. He may likewife, virtute officii, arreft on Sufpicion of Treafon or Felony. And therefore if Job'/i Jones be robbed, and fufpefts Edward James of having committed the Robbery, the Conftable on the Information of John Jones, may apprehend the Body of Edward James without any Warrant (d).

But before the Conftable proceeds to arreft a Man on fuch an Information, he ought to be well fatisfied,

(«) Dale c. 8. f. 3.	[h)	Halt.	c.	8.	f.	4.	{c)	Hale's

P. C. 2. 89.	[J)	Hale’s	P.	C.	2.	91.

2	I.	That

337

A 'Treatifie on the Office of Ccnjiabk.

1.	Tliat a Felony was aftually done •, for this is iffuable in an Aftion of faife Imprifonmentj &c. (a).

2.	That the Perfon from whom he receives his Information was adually prefent at the Felony committed 5 for the Jollification is, that, the Conftable did aid A. in taking the Party fufpeft-ed (b). And an Information at the fecond Fland is too remote and dangerous.

3.	The Conftable ought to be well fatisfied that the Caufe of Sufpicion is a good one. And fuch Circumftances and Caufes of Sufpicion may Appear on Examination, (though this cannot be on Oath) that the Information, fays Lord Hale, may carry over the Sufpicion even to the Conftable, whereby it may become his Sufpicion as well as the Sufpicion of A (c).

And it behoves the Conftable to a£t with great Difcredon in this Matter •, for as on the one Hand if the Caufe of Sufpicion was light and trivial; if the Party informing was not himfelf prefent; but principally if the Felony was not actually committed, the Conftable will be in Danger of anfwering in an Aftion : So on the other Hand if he Ihould be remifs and negligent in his Duty, or retufe to arreft a Felon, where the above Circumftances all concur, he will be liable to be very feverely punifhed for his Omiffion; for,

By the Statute of W'eprhftrr 1. c. 9. If the Sheriff, Coroner, or any other Bailiff, within Franchifes or without, for Reward or for Prayer,

(a) M. 5 H. 7. pi. 10.	[i]	Hale’s	P.	C.	2.	91.

(r) Hale’s P. C. tad.

Z 2

or

333	A Treat ife on the Office of Conjlable.

cr for Fear, or for any Manner of Affinity, conceal, confent or procure to conceal, the Felonies done in their Liberties, or otherwise will not attach nor arreft fuch Felons there (is they may) or otherwife will not do their Office for Favour born to iueh Mifdoers, and be attainted thereof, thev ffiall have one Year’s Imprifon-ment, and afterwards make a grievous Fine it the King’-, Pleafure-, and if they have not whereof to be fined, they fhall fuffer three Years Ini-prifonment.

And by the 5 EJw 3. c. 14. it is exprefiy de-clar. d. That if any Man has any evil Sufpicion of F’clons, tidier by Night or by Day, they fhall be incontinently arrelted by the Contlables of the Town.

The firit and fecond Points are Efficiently clear; and as to the third, though it may be difficult, or indeed, impoffible, to let down minutely every Circumltance which may induce a jullifiable Sufpicion-, it may be however, proper to mention the molt common and obvious; and elpeciaily thole which have already undergone the Sanction of a Court of Jultice, or which good Authorities have eitabliffied.

Good Ciaks	i. The Goods being found upon a Perfon,

of stupscian. though he flbould otherwil'e be of good Fame

(*)■

2.	If the Perfon be one of evil Fame, he may be arrelted for a Felony committed without any other Circumliance (b).

[■■>) P. 2 H. 7. 16.	[t)	P.	2	H.	7.	16.	M.	;H.	7.

gl. ic. per Brun 2nd the whole Court. T. 11 E. 4. pi. 8.

3. A

339

A Treat;ft on the Office of Omfiable.

3.	A Man indi&ed of Felony, may be arreft-ed without Procefs, for this countervails evil Fame (a).

4.	The Conftable, vir/ute Officii, may arreft all luch as being fufpected of I-ciony do By for it. (b).

And if the Parry fufpefted do fly into another May purfue County, the Conftable may purfue him (c ; uvo .mother though this hath been doubted [d): But it Teems it mull be on frelh Suit; in which Cafe the Conftable hath the fame Privilege and Protection in the other County, as he would have had in his own ic).

In Cafe of Sufpicion ofF'elony likewile, if the Break open fulpeded Perfon fly into a Houle, the Conllable Doors, may break open a Door to take him ; but m iiis Jultiiication it mud be let forth,

1. That the Felon was in the Houfe.

?. That Entrance was denied to the Conftable.

?. That it was denied after Demand, and Notice that lie was the Conllable (f).

But if he enrers the Houle by Force, where he nuv enter without b e,Ting ir, / e. upon Requell made ; r.r if he af.ually breaks open the Door where he may otherwilei pen it, lie will be a Trefpafler.

Now if the Conftable, in the Airempt ofK„|;nc „ arrefting a fufpedled Perion, be killed, this is cuniUble, Murder 'g).

{a) M. ; Hi 7. pi 10. frr Brim.	(i)	2	E	4. g b

(r) Hale’s P. C. z. 94.. (rf. ijE. 4. 9. a. [r Hale's P. C. 2 94. if) File's P. C. z 00,92.	5	-_o 92.

13 E. 49. a. (.) Halt’s P. C. z. 92.

z 3	An	I

34°

Killing

fitfpeiftcd

Psrlbns.

Break rpen Door? C3 Aiiray.

A Treatsfe on the Office of Conflahle.

And if a Perfon thus charged with Sufpicion of Felony upon juft Grounds of Sufpicion, and where a Felony is actually commited, tho’ he he innocent, yet if he refill the Officer, after Notice that he is the Officer, and affault him, if the Officer kill him, this is no Murder (a).

But more queilionable is it, fays Lord Hale, whether if he fly and cannot be apprehended, the Officer may kill him, where he is fufpected and innocent, if he cannot otherwife be taken, as he may a Felon, as before is lliewn ; but ic feems flays he) that he may, and that it is no Felony, no mere than in the former Cafe, for thefe Reafjns:

1.	Becaufe the Conftable is obliged to do his Office in Cafe of a probable Sufpicion, as well as in cafe of an aftuai Felony.

2.	Eecaufe he cannot Judge whether the Party be guilty or not till he come to his Trial, which cannot be till he is apprehended.

3.	Becaufe the Patty draws upon himfelf this Inconvenience, and makes himfelf Impeded by Ins very Flight from the Officer {b).

4.	Though the Conftable was not prefent at the Affray, yet if a dangerous Wnilnd be given, die Conftable, upon receiving Intormation thereof, may arreft the OFender ; and if he flies into a Houfe and !i ms the Boors, and will not open them, the Ccr.ftab'e may break them open to take him (r).

And in this Cafe likewile it will be Murder if the Conftable be killed; but if the Offender,

(») Hale'; P. C. 92.	(b)	Hale's P. C. 2. 93.

(4 Hale's ?. C. 2. r.p

who

34i

A Treatife on the Office of Confable.

who could not otherwise be taken, fhould be killed, it would be no Felon)', but juftiffable by the NeceiTny which arofe from his own Obftina-• cy (a).

But in cafe of an Affray where no dangerous Affray. Wound is given, if the Conftable be not him-

O	’

felf p'efent, I hold it too dangerous for him to arreft the Fatty on an Information after the Affray is over, even though the Informer fhould ailedge thac he is in Danger of his Life -, for in fuch Cafe, though feme Refoludons feem to favour it, yet there are many on the other Side (b).

5.	If an Affray be in a Houle whereby there Affray in a is a Likelihood of Bloodlhed, and the Doors of the Houfe are Unit, if the Conftable of the Vill having Notice thereof demand Entrance, and they within, not only refufe to open the Doors, but continue the a ft ray, the Conftable may break open the Doors to keep the Peace and prevent the Danger (c). And this will be juftifiable, though no Hurt was adually done '(d).

And if the Affray be begun without Doors, and the Affrayers fly into another Man’s Houfe, the Conftable on frefh Purfuit may break open the Eloufe and apprehend them (e). But this I apprehend muft be underftood only of violent Affrays, and where fome great Hurt hath been done.

Hale’s P. C. 2. 04.	(£)	Dal:,	c. 1 f. 7. c. ?. f. z,

f. 5.	(r)	Hale's	P.	C.	2,	95.	[J)	Dak.	c.	3.	f. 5.

(a) Dak. c. 8. f. 5.

Z 4.	So

342

Difturbsnces in public Ilccfo a; Ni?h:.

A Treat: fe on the Office ofi Conflable.

So if the Affrayers fly into another County, the Conitable may purl'ue them into another County, and apprehend and carry them before a Juftice of the Peace of that County (a). If they fly into Franchife in the fame County, the Confta-b!e may purfue them into the Franchife, and take them out of it u).

6. Laftly, if there be ciiforderly Drinking, or Ncife in an Houle at an unfeafonable Time of Night, efpeciaily in Inns, Taverns or Ale-houfes, the Conitable or his Watch, demanding Entrance, and being refuted, may break open the Doors to luppreis rise Dslcrder. And this lavs Lord Ha!;, is frequently done in London and MUdlefex {■ :.

Hitherto we have fpoken only of the Power of ar.efling, which is veiled in the Conflable as Ccnfervator of the Law. We proceed nr

oy

the Common

to u.e

exprefs Power of arrcfting Offenders, which ts given to his Office by Statute, and that without a Warrant.

Po^ tr of	By	"	E.

(d:

enadted, That no

t'onibpiesby Man, great or fr.aii, of wjiac Condition foever buiate. he /except the King’, Servants in his Pre-fence, and his Mini'tcrs in executing the King’s Precept:., or or thur Office, and fuch as be in their Company drifting them, and alfo upon a Hue and Cry made fci Arms; and the fame in w ho shall juc], p!_Ces where lech Ads do happen) be fo carry Arms. [)arjy tJ come p>efnr(. the King’s Juftices, or other or' the King’s Mmifters doing their Office,

(c) Da!t c. 8. f.	(S',	Daft,	c	8.	fi	r. 0) Hale’s

P. C. 2. nr.	By	;	c.	I.	tiiis	Glfer.ce is made

Useable.

with

34?

A Treatife on the Office of Conffahk.

with Force and Arms •, nor bring no Arms in Affray of Peace, nor go nor ride armed by Nighc or by Day, in Fairs, Markets, nor in the Prefence of the juflices or other Minillers, nor in no Part elfewhere; on Pain of forfeiting their Arms to the King, and their Bodies to Prifon, at the King’s Pleafure.

Con'fables have an Exprefs Power given them to execute this Aft, by the Aft itfelf.

In this Aft, faith my Lord Coke, there are three fpecial Exceptions ; and thefe fufficientiy appear above •, but the Law, faith he, maketh another Exception •, for any Man may ufe Force to defend his Houle, and may aflemble his Friends and Neighbours to keep it againft thole who come to rob or to kill him, or to offer him any Violence therein ■, but he cannot aflemble Force to go with him to Church or Market, or any other Place, for that is prohibited by the Aft (a).

And in Eajler Term 39 FJiz. it was refolved by all the Judges, that not only every Juftice of the Peace, Sheriff and other Minilter, but every other Subject of the King, may arm them-feives to refill Riots, Rebellions or publick Dif-turbers of the Peace and Quiet of the Realm ; but the Judges there recommended it as the more difcreet Way for every one in fuch a Cafe to attend and be affillant to the Jullices, Sheriffs or other Minifters of the King in doing it '*).

In

(a) 3 Inft. c. 73,	[b)	Poph.	121.

CO

44	A Treat'sfe on the Office of Con fable.

In the Cafe of Cheene and Piott, Crake Juftice, faith. Without all Queftion the Sheriff hath Power to commit, eft Cuftos et Canfervator Pads; if contrary to the Statute of Northampton, he fee any one to carry Weapons in the Highway, in Terrorem Pcpuli Regis, he ought to take him and arreit him, notwithstanding he doth not break the Peace in his Prefence (a).

Steers and Ey the Statute of V/inchefter, c. 4. it is fu>p:cicu5	enacted, That the Bailiffs of Towns every Week,

Ptrfoas.	or at ]c5ft every fifteenth Day, (hall make

Enquiry of all Petfons being lodged in the Suburbs, or in foreign Places of the Towns; and if they do find any that have lodged or received any Strangers or Sufpicious Perfons, the Bailiffs (hall do Right therein. And if any S-rangers do pafs by the Watch at Night, he (kali be arrefted until Morning, and if no Sufpicion be found, he (hail go quiet •, and if they find Caufe of Sufpicion, they fhall forthwith deliver him to the Sheriff, and the Sheriff may receive him without Damage, and fiiall keep him iafely till he be acquitted in due Manner. And if they will not obey the Arreft, they in?.ii levy Hue and Cry upon them, and fuch as keep the Town fhall follow with Hue and Cry with all the Town and the Towns near, and lb Hue and Cry fhall be made from Town to Town, till that they be taken and delivered to the Sheriff as before is faid;

and

(.?) 2 Bull!. 328.

345

A 'Trsafife cn the Office of Coiffiablc. and for the Arreftment of fuch Strangers, none fhaii be punifhed.

By 5 E. 3. c. ii. the foregoing is briefly recited, and it is farther enacted, That bccaufe there have been divers M.ir,daughters, felonies and Robberies, done in Time Baft, by People that be called * Roberdfmen, Waftors and Draw-latches, it is accorded, that if any Man have any evil Sufpicion of fuch, be it by Day, or by Night, they {hall be incontinently arrtfted by the Conftables of the To t res.

Upon this Statute it hath been held, that it Night-is lawful to arrelt a Night-walker, at a prohibit- walkers, ed Time of Night, though no Felony had been committed (a).

In an Action of Trefpafs of Aflaulr, Battery Bawdy and falfe Imprifonment at Bale, the Defendant ^ou*“-pleaded, that one Alice kept a Houfe in the fiiid Town of Bale, and kept fufpirious Perfons in it, to -wit, a common Bawdy-Houfe, and the Plaintiff often reforted to the faid Houfe fuf-picioufly with Women of evil Name, (naming them) for which one J. Nokes, Conlfabie of the faid Town, came to the Defendant, and defired him to aflifthim in arrefting the Pl.intifF to And Surety for his good Behaviour, on which Account the Defendant came with the Did J. Ar. at the Hour of Twelve in the Night, and found

* This Name was derived from one Rotin Hood who lived in the Reign of King R. 1. in Woods and Defarts, on the Borders of England and Scotland. He was the Head of a Gang of Robbers, who fupported themfelves by all kinds of Rapine. Hence filch kind of fterfons were afterwards called Roberdfmen ?i! over England. 3 Ink. c. go.

{«) M. 5 H. 7. pi. to.

him

3 }6	A Treatife on the Office of Con ft able.

him fufpicioufly in the laid Place, by Force of which they took him and put him in Ward, which is the fame Aftault, Battery and Impri-fonment for which the Adion is brought. This was held a good Jollification by all the Juftices; for they laid, it is lawful for every Conftabie to arreft fufpeded Perfons who walk by Night and Deep by Day, or who keep fuf-picious Company. And if they cannot of them-felves arreft: them, they may demand the Affift-ance of others, and they are by Law obliged to alii ft them (a).

Caadon 1° all the Cafes above-mentioned, and in fomc which follow hereafter, the Conftabie may arreft the Party' without any Warrant.

And yet the A.dvice given by Lord Hale, viz. If the Time and Nature of the Fad, and the Condition of Things will bear it, to complain to a Juftice of the Peace and have his Warrant for apprehending the Criminal, will be very wifely followed by the Conftabie as often as he poffiblv can; for by fuch Means he will be put to much lei's Difficulty in his Juftifica-tion.

But it mull: be likewife obferved. That in all the Cafes before recited, and efpecially with regard to the apprehending of Felons, he is obliged to perform his Duty without any Warrant, and will be punifhable for Negled of it. He mull: therefore take Care that no Mifchief intervene, nor any Felon elcape by his waiting for the Authority of the juftice.

A fe-

ta) M. 13 H. 7 pi. 10.

347

A * 1Treatife on tie Office of Con [I able,

A iecond Manner in which Perfons are to be arrefted by the Conftable, is by Hue and H ean(jCry Cry ■, which, as the Words import, is a pub-lick Alarm raifed after the Felon over the whole County, and fometimes, faith the Statute of Winchester, over two, three or four Counties, when the Felony is committed near the Borders.

This Procefs lay at Common Law, and is mentioned by BraRon, &c. [a). It is enforced likeaife by many Statutes:

1.	By U'inton, c. 9. All are to be ready at the Summons of the Sheriff, and the Cry of the County, to arreft Felons as well within Fran-rhifes as without, on the Pain of being indidted and fued.

2.	By 4 E. 1. Hue and Cry is to be levied for all Murders, Burglaries, Men flain, or in Peril of being flain, and all are to follow it.

3.	By the Statute of JVinlon, c. 1. on Robberies and Felonies, frefh Suit fhall be made from Town to Town, and from County to County ; and by c. 4. Hue and Cry is ordered to be raifed on fuch as will not obey the Arrefl: of the Town where Night-walkers pafs-, and for arrefting fuch Strangers; none fhall be pu-nilhed.

Laftly, by 8 G. 2. c. 16. If any Conflable, Headborough, £s?r. within the Hundreds, wherein any Robbery fhall happen, fhall refufe or negedt to make Hue and Cry after the Felons with the utmoft Expedition, as foon as he fhall receive Notice thereof, he fliail, for

{a) Graft, lib. 3. de Cor, c. 10. Fkta I. 1, 27.

I

every

34-3	A Treatife on the Office of Conftable.

ever/ fuch Refufal and Negleft, forfeit 5/, the one Moiety to the King, the other to the Informer.

Hue and Cry may be raifed by the Warrant of a Judice. It may likewife be raifed by a Peace Officer, and even by a private Perfon (<?)•

1.	It may likewife be again!! a Perfon certain by Name.

2.	Again!! a Perfon uncertain by Defcription;

or,

3.	Upon a Murder, Robbery or Burglary committed, where the Perfon is neither known nor ddcribable [I).

Manner of As to the Manner cf raifing it, take the fol-raifing Hoe lowing Rules:

and Cry. 1. The Condcble ought to receive good Af-iurance, that the Felony hath actually been committed.

2.	The Party who levies the Flue and Cry, or at whole Complaint it is levied by the Con-flable, ought to give him all the Information in his Power of the Number of Perfons by whom the Fact was committed, with their Names, Habits, Horfes, and every other Circumftance; but if he fhould know none of thefe, the Conftable, being fufficiently affined of the Fad, is to levy the Hue and Cry (c)

3. The Hue and Cry being levied, the Conftable is firft to make Search in his own

(a) Hale’s P. C. z. 100.	(i)	Hale’s	P.	C.	z.	ioz,	103.

(c) Hale’s P. C. z. ioz, 103.

Diftrift

349

A Treatife on the Office of Conflahk\

Diftrift or Vill •, and fecondly, to raife all the neighbouring Vills round about (a).

4.	It is to be purfued with Horfc and Foot, and all Perfons at the Command of the Conftable are to attend it (£).

5.	The Conftable and thofe with him may Break open fearch in fufpe&ed Places •, and if the Doors 0f£)oorsonHue a Houfe be (hut, and thole within refufe to openan<i Crjr’ them on Demand made by the Conftable, and Notification of his Bufinefs, he may break them

open (<:).

But here this Difference mud be noted; that if the Doors be open, he may fearch any fufpected Place or Houfe, and a probable Caufe of Sufpicion will be fufficient for his Juftincarion; but otherwife it is in Cafe of breaking open the Houfe; for he wiil only be juftifiable when the Felon is aftually there (d).

6.	He may apprehend a Perfon fufpefted of the Faff, and againft whom the Hue and Cry be railed j and tho’ fuch Perfon fhouki prove innocent, his Apprehenfion would be juftifiable in the Conftable [e). And if the Hue and Cry be levied on the Felony only, without any Notification or Defcription of the Perfon, he may juftify arrefting all fufpicious Perfons (/). As for Inftance, fays Lord Hale: Vagrants that cannot give any Account of themfeives where they live, or whence they are, or fuch fufpicious

(«) Hale’s P. C. 2. lor.	(■’') Hale’s P. C. 2. 101,

(d Hale’s P.C. 2, 102, 103.	(/) Hale’s P. C. 2 103.

(<) Hale’s P. C. 2. 103. if) Hale's P. C z. 103.

Perfons

35°

To apprehend Beggars, and oilier Rogues and Vagabonds.

A Trcatife on the Office of Covftahle,

Perfons as come late into their Inns or Lodgings, and give no reafonable Account where they had been, and the like (a).

The Sheriff, Bailiff, or any other Man, that followeth Felons on a Hue and Cry railed, if they will not yield themfelves, but (land on Defence or fly away, may juftify killing them. Lamb. 228.

7.	Though no Felony, in Fad, be committed, yet the Conftable, and all who afiift, will be jtif-tified, and the Perfon (b) only who railed the Hue and Cry is to anfwer.

8.	It remains only to mention how the Law proteds thole who purfue Hue and Cry ; who Dy the Statute 7 Jac. c. 5. may plead the general Iffue and give the fpecial Matter in Evidence. And if a Verdict pafs for the Defendant, he lhall recover his double Colb.

And, 2dly, How it punithes thofe who neglect the Purluit, who are to be indicted, fined, and imprifoned upon the Statutes of 3 E. 1. c. 9. 4 E. 1. £? 13 E. 1. of Winton (c).

By 17 G. 2. c. 5. intitled, An Adi to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and diforderly Perfons, and to Houfes of Corredlion, it is enaded, That if any Perfons (hall be found offending againft this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful lor any Perfon whatloever, to apprehend the Perfon fo offending, and to convey, or caufe to be conveyed to fome Juftice of the Peace, the

(n) Hde’s P. C. z. 103,	(I)	Hale’s	P.	C.	2.	102.

(. ) Hale’s “. C. 2. 104.

Perfons

A Tretilife on the Office of Confiahle.	3	ji

Perfons fo apprehended: And if any Conftable or other Officer lhali refufe or negleft to ufe his beft Endeavours to apprehend or convey to fome Juftice of the Peace any iuch Offender, n(,g|ciiing it ihall be deemed Neglect of Duty in fuch this Duty. Conftable or Officer; and on Convitftion fhall be liable to forfeit any fum not exceeding 5/. nor lefs than 10 s.

The Offenders againft this Aft are,	Defcription	of

1.	All Perfons wandering abroad* and beg- Offender!.

g‘ng-

2.	All Perfons begging, prerending to be Soldiers, Mariners, Seafaring Men, or pretending to go to Work in Harveft.

3.	All Perfons wandering abroad, and lodging in Alehoufes, Barns, Out-Houfes, or in the open Air, not giving a good Account of them-felves.

4.	All Petty Chapmen and Pedlars travelling without Licence.

5.	Perfons- running away and leaving their Wives or Children chargeable to any Parilh or Place.

6.	Perfons who fhall for Hire, Gain or Reward, aft, reprefent or perform, or caufe to be afted, reprefented or performed, any Interlude, Tragedy, Comedy, Opera, Play, Farce, or other Entertainment of the Stage, or any Part or Parts therein, not being authorized by Law.

7.	All Minftrels and Jugglers.

b'. Perfons pretending to be Gypfies, or wandering in the Habit or Form of Egyptiansf or pretending to have Skill in Phyfiognomy,

Palmed ry, or like crafty Science, or pretending to tell Fortunes, or ufing any fubtle Craft A a	to

A 'Treatife on the Office oj Conjlable. to deceive and impofe on any of his Majefty’s Subjefts, or playing or betting at any unlawful Games or Plays.

9.	All common Players of Interludes.

10.	All Fencers and Bearwards.

11.	Perions going about as Patent-Gatherers, or Gatherers of Alms under Pretence of Lofi'cs by fire or other Cafualry, or going about as Collectors for Prifons, Gaois or Hofpitals, err.

------For a fuller Defcription of the Offenders

acainft tins Act, fee the Extracts from it in this Book, Page (j\.

ft is obfervable, That Conlfables are not only authorized, but obliged under a Penalty to apprehend the above Offenders, though it is neceiiary for them, as well as for any other Perfon, to be preient at the CommilTion of the Offence, to juftiiy their apprehending; the Words of the Statute being, “ All Perlbns “ who {hall be found offending ngainft this

By 19 Geo. 2. c. 21. it is enacted. That in cafe any Perfon or Perlbns fhall profanely fwear and curfe in the Prefence and Hearing of any Conftabie, Petty Conftable, Tythingman, or other Peace Officer, it fhall and may be lawful for any fuch Peace Officer, and they and each of them are hereby authorized and required (in cafe any fuch Perfon fhall be unknown to them) to feize, fecure and detain fuch Offender or Offenders, and forthwith to carry him or them before fome Juftice of the Peace: And in cafe any fuch Offender fhall be known to any of the Peace Officers aforefaid, every fuch Peace Officer is hereby required fpeediiy to make Information of the fame

before

A Treatife on the Ojfice of Confabte.	3

before fome Juftice of the Peace, in order that fuch Offender may be by fuch Juftice convicted thereof and punilhed for the fame. And if any Co'nftable or other Peace Officer as aforefaid, Penalty on fhall willingly and wittingly omit the Perform- Conftable ance of his Duty, in the Execution of rhis Aft, he /hall, on Conviftion, forfeit the Sum of ls uy‘ 4 0 r.

By 30 Geo. 2. c. 22. intitled, An Act to explain and amend An Adi made in the r Sib Tear of his prefenl Mojejiy’s Reign, relating to the Mijbe-haviour of the Drivers of Carts in the Streets in London, Weftminfter, and the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and for other Pur-pofes in the faid Adi mentioned, it is enafted.

That any Perfon or Perfons who (hall fee any of the Offences, intended by this Aft to be re-dreffed, committed, fhall and may, by the Authority of this Aft, and without any other Warrant, apprehend the Offender or Offenders, and fhall with all convenient Speed, then afterwards, convey or deliver him to a Conftable or fome other Peace Officer of the Place where the Offence fhall have been committed, or the Offender fhall be taken, in Order to be conveyed before a Juftice, there to dealt with according to Law.

As this Power is given by Statute to all IVrfons whatever, it is a fortiori given to all Co'nftables and other Peace Officers.

The Perfons deemed Offenders againft this Aft are,

1. Drivers riding on their Carts or Waggons,

&c. not having fome Perfon on Foot to conduit the fame, except Carts drawn by one Horle dr two abreaft with Reins;

A a 2

a. Or

354

Power by fV/arnmt.

A Treatife on the Office of Conjiahle.

2.	Or caufing any Damage, or obftrufting the Paffage;

3.	Or being empty, not giving Way tq Coaches or loaded Carriages.

4.	Perfons obftrufting the Paffage of any of the Highways, by empty Waggons, fcfc. except while they are loading or unloading.

5.	Driver of any Carriage obftrufting the Paffage in any of the Streets within the Bills of Mortality’.

6.	Coachmen, or Drivers of other wheeled Carriages, plying for Hire in Bridge-Jireet, Par-liament-Jireet, Great George-Jlreet, Sc. Margarei-Jlreet, or Abingdon-Jlreet, in the City of TVeftmin-Jler, or flopping there longer than to take up or fet down a Fare.

7.	Perfons wilfully obftrucling the Paffage of the Streets, ifc. with empty Cafks, Pipes, Carts, tdc. except while plying for Hire on their proper Stands, or except while fuch Cafks, tie. are removing to or from any Warc-houfe, &c.

For more particular Directions and Cautions relative to the Execution of this Aft, fee the Ex-trafts from it in this Book, Page 1 x. Chap. 1. fee alfo 7 Geo. 3. Cb. 40. and 42. in Page 12 of this Book.

I come now to the third Method of arrefting by a Conftable, viz. by Virtue of a Warraoc under the Hand and Seal of a Magiftrate lawfully authorized.

Whenever a Warrant is granted lawfully, and ftirefted to the Conftable of B. or to ill Conftables, or to all Peace Officers, the Conftable mull: execute it, or he will be liable ro an Indictment.

And

35#

A Treatife on the Office of Conjlable.

And though the Warrant itfelf hath been againft Law, yet the Officer hath been allowed to juftify under it {a).

Mr. Lombard, fpealcing of the Power of a Juftice of Peace, faith, if he make any Warrant, though it be beyond his Authority, yet it is not difputable by a Conftable or other inferior Minifter, but mull be obeyed. Lamb. 67. and 94.

And Britdenell, in the Book of Hen. 8.

(14 H. 8. 16. a.) tho’ he denied the Authority of the Juftice to make the Warrant, admits that the Officer who executed it, could not be punifhed; for every Juftice of Peace, fays he, is a Judge of Record, and he hath a Seal of his Office; and when he makes a Warrant under his Seal to the Officer, now the Officer ought to give Credit to the Seal; for this is his Authority, and being but an Officer, he can no more dif-pute the Authority of the Judge than the Sheriff can ours.

If a Warrant be direfted by a Juftice of Peace Conftable «-to the Conftable of D. to arreft a Felon, &c. renting War-he is not bound to go out of the Vill to execute ™tsv°Jjt the Warrant; but yet if he do execute it in another Vill, it is good enough : for he afts herein not Amply as Conftable of D. but by virtue of the Juftice’s Warrant; and fo it was ruled in my Time (fays Lord Hale) at the Af-fizes at Norfolk, about 1668. (b).

(«) Hale’s P. C. 2. 106.	(£)	Hale’s	P.	C.	2.110.

A a 3

If

356

Efapc.

Deputy.

Shewing his Warrant.

Private

Pcrfon.

Franchife.

Breaking

Doors.

A ‘Treatife on the Office of Conftable.

If a Felon, after he is arrefted, efcape into another County, the Conftable may purfue and take him by virtue of his Warrant •, but if he efcape before the Arreft, the Conftable ought to purfue him into the other County by Hue and Cry. But if the Warrant be only for a Mifde-meanor, and the Offender efcape out of the County before he is arrefted, the Conftable cannot purfue him ; yet even in this Cafe, if he efcape after the Arreft, he may be purftjed and re-taken on frelh Suit (a).

The Conftable mult execute the Warrant himfelf, and cannot make a Deputy as a Sheriff may ; but he may charge others to his Affift-ance (b).

A Conftable being a known Officer in the Till, need not (hew his Warrant, tho’ it be demanded ; but it is reafonable for him to acquaint the Party for what Caufe he arrefts him—As, I arreft you for Felony, lyc. {c).

But if the Warrant be directed to a private Perion, as it may be, and he fas he may) arrefts the Party thereon, he is bound to produce his Warrant in cafe it be demanded, other-wife not fd).

A Warrant of a Juftice of Peace to arreft: for Felony, may be executed in a Franchife within the Count}'; for it is the King’s Suit, in which a non omittds is virtually included (a).

The Conftable may juftify breaking open the Doors upon a Warrant to apprehend a Felon,

{a) Hale's P. C. 2. lij.	(J)	Hole’s	P.	C.	2.	UJ.

ft) Hale's P. C. 2. n6.	(,/)	Hale’s	P.	C.	2.	116.

h) Hale’s P. C. 2. II6.

or

357

A Treattfe on the Office of Cinffiable.

or upon Sufpicion of Felony, if the Felon be in his own Houfe (a).

So, and a fortiori, if he be in the Houfe of another (for here the Sheriff may do it on a civil Procefs)-, but this is at his Peril that the Felon be there; for othervvife he will be guilty of a Trefpafs (b).

Upon a Warrant to fearch for flolen Goods, Search the Conftable likewife may break open the Warrant. Doors, if they be fhut, and upon Demand made, thofe within refufe to- open them (c) yet note, my Lord Hale here feems doubtful if the Goods were not there. In which he only fays, it feems the Officer is excufed •, and in another Place he exprefly fays, on fucii Warrant I think the Doors cannot be broke open (d).

Upon a Warrant of the Peace, the Conftable Peace may break open the Doors (e)but this mutt be Warrant-underftood where Security of the Peace is required, and not in cafe of an Aflault or any common Breach of the Peace.

Yet it is to be noted, that if the outward Breaking Door be open, the Conftable in any cafe may open Doors, juftify breaking the inward Door; for fo may the Sheriff or his Bailiff, though the Procefs be without a non omitte.s (f).

The Conftable in executing a Warrant againft a Felon, may juftify killing him, if, before or after the Arreft, he flies and defends himlelf.

(<j) Hale’sP. C. 2. 117.	[lj Hale’s P. C. 2. 117.

(r) Hale’s P. C. 2. 151.	W) Hale’s P. C. 2. 117.

(e) Hsle’s P. C. 2. 117.	(/)	Hale’s	P.	C.	1.	458.

A a 4

fa

35?	A Treatife on the Office of Conjlabk.

fo that the Officer muft give over his Purfuit and cannot otherwife take him (a). And this, as hath been feen before, he might have done, in cafe of an Arreft virtute officii, or by Hue and Cry.

The fame Law is it if in Truth he were no Felon, bur yet a Warrant is againft him on Sufpicion of Felony, and he, having Notice thereof, flies and refills; for the Officer or Minilter mull purfue his Warrant, or other, wife he is punifliable •, and the Party by his Flight or Refiftance is acceffary to bis own Death (b).

But in this cafe the Officer mull be extremely cautious, and in his Juftification it ought to appear.

That he was a lawful Officer •, for though a private Perfon may arreft a Felon, and if he flies, fo that he cannot otherwife be taken, the killing will be excufable •, yet this is at his Peril, viz. that the Party be really a Felon; for if he be innocent of the Felony, the killing, at leaft before the Arreft, feems at leaft Manflaughter, for the Reafon above given, for an innocent Perfon is not bound to take Notice of a private Perfon’s Sufpicion (c).

I;, all Cafes whatever, the Conftable or other Peace Officer will b.e juftified in the Execution pf the Warrant.

faJ'Hsle’s P-.C. *. 118. Lamb. *28. (b) Hale’s P. C. 1. ug. (c) Hale’s P.C. 2. 119—83. Itisthefame before or after the Arreft.

If

359

A Treatije on the Office of Conjlabk.

If the Matter be within the Jurifdiftion of the Juftice, * though it may want fome Circum-ftances of Formality for, as Mr, Dalton lays, the Warrant of a Juftice of the Peace, though it be beyond his Authority, is not difputabJe by a Conftable or other inferior Minifter, but ;nuft be executed by them (a).

But the Warrant mud be,

1.	For an Offence within the Jurifdiction of Defection the Juftice, otherwife an Action will lie againft of Warrant, the Officer who executes the Precept!b); as is exprefly adjudged in the Cafe of the Marjhal-

fea (c) where a Difference is taken when a Court hath Jurifdiftion of a Caufe and proceeds erro-neoufly, then no A&ion lies againft the Officer who executes the Precept or Procels of the Court; but when the Court hath no Jurifdidtion of the Caufe, then the whole Proceeding is coram non judice (before one who is no Judge of the Caufe) and an Aftion will lie without any Regard to the Precept or Procefs.

2.	Exprefs the Name of the Party to be taken (d).

* In the Trial of Sirnp-xhe Regicide, L. C. B. Bridgeman exprelly fays, That if a Court of Common Law exceeds their Jurifdiftion, in that cafe he that obeys that Command is pu-nilhable. In the Court of Common Pleas, if there be an Appeal therefor Murder, it is only proper to the Upper Bench t and therefore if the Party be condemned, fentenced and executed thereupon, the Executioner is, in that cafe, guilty of Murder, for obeying that Authority, which was indeed no Authority. S. T. i v. 8;6. And the fame Point is again repeated by the fame Judge in Ciok's Trial, Fol. 882.

(a) Dalt. c. 2.	\b)	Dalt, c. 2.	(e)	10	Co.	76.

(d) Hale’s P. C. 1. 57*1

J. It

36°

Charging to their AH10-*ice.

A Treatife on the Office of Conjlable.

3.	It muft be under Hand and Seal (a).

4.	The Warrant ought to exprefs fome Crime; but if it do not, yet, if the true Caufe were Felony or any Mifdemeador within the Cognizance of the Juftice, it may, fays Lord Hale, excufe the Officer, in falfe Imprifonment (6). Hence it follows, that if, in fuch cafe, the Caufe were really not within the Cognizance of the Juftice, the Arreft would be illegal, and the Officer liable to an Action of falfe Imprifonment.

A Warrant obtained after the Arreft will not juftify the preceding Arreft by Authority of that Warrant.

Wherever the Conftable hath a PoweT to ar reft, either ex officio, or by Warrant, he may charge as many as he fhall think neceflfary to his Affiftance (c). And all, who are thus charged, are by Law obliged to affift him, and have, at the fame Time, the fame Protedion of the Law, which the Conftable himfelf hath. 3 Hen. 7. 1. where, what is faid of the Sheriff, may be applied to the Conftable. 10 H. 7. 6. The Conftable of the Town may raife the People upon Affrays, and the like.

The Conftable having arrefted his Prifoner regularly, brings him before a Juftice of the Peace, to be examined.

And this being, as Lord Hale well fays, his fafeft and beft Way in all Cafes [d), it is need-lefs to fearc'n into the Depths of Antiquity for thofe obfcure and doubtful Authorities with

(«' Hale's P. C. 1. 577.	{b)	Hale's	P.	C.	1.	573.

U) Dalt. c. i. f. 8.	(^}	Hale's	P.	C.	2.	cc.

which

A 'Treattfe on the Office of Conflaile'.	<j6f

which Peace Officers have, of old Time, been vefted, as they are none of them necelTary to be ufed, and mu ft, if ufed, fubjeft the Officers to great Hazard in the Nicety of their Execution. But till the Conftable can conveniently carry the Prifoner before a Juftice, he may in all Cafes juftify detaining him in fome fafe Place, as in the Stocks; or if there be no Stocks in his Vill, he may carry him to the Stocks in the Vill adjacent; or he may detain him in any other Place of Cuftody, as his or their Quality requireth, fays Mr. Dalton, c. i. f. 7.

The Conftable may carry his Prifoner before ^Pcc‘a* what Juftice of the Peace he pleafes (for this Wafrant" is at his Ele&ion, and not at the Prifoner’sJ; but in common Cafes it is moft advifeable to go to the neareft Juftice, as it gives the Prifoner an Opportunity of fending for his Friends, unlefs the Warrant be fpecial, and may be to bring him before that Juftice only who granted it.

Dalt. c. 28. / 4.

This is iiowever, rarely done; and the ufual Way, efpecially in Middlefex and Wejlminftcr, is to detain the Prifoner, if he be arrefted by Night, in the Watch-Houfe; or if by Day, either in fome publick Houfe, or in the Con-ftable’s own Houfe, till the WitnefTes are ready to go together before the Juftice. And this feems well enough, and, indeed, a much more eligible Method than to fet the Prifoner in the Stocks, which would be expofing him to Shame and Punifhment before it can be known whether he is gudty or not.

But by the Statute of 22 E? 23 Car. 2. c. 20. it is enabted, That if any Under-Sheriff, Bailiff',

2	Serjeant

3 &2

Efcape.

A Treatife on the Office of Conftabte.

Seijeant at Mace, or other Officer or Minifter whatfover, fhall convey, or caufe to be conveyed, any Perfons in their Cuffody, by Virtue or Colour of any Writ, Procefs or other Warrant whatfoever, to any Tavern, Ale-houfe, or other Drinking or Viftualling-hbufe, without the free and voluntary Conient of fuch Per-fon, fo as to charge fach Perfon with any Sum of Money for any Wine, Peer, Ale, Victuals, Tobacco, or any other Thing whatfoever, but what fuch Perfon (hall call for of his or her own Accord; and fhall demand, take or receive, or caufe to be demanded, taken or received, di-. redly or indireftly, any other or greater Sum for fuch Arreft, taking or waiting until luch Per* fbn fhall have procured Bail, &c. or take and ex-ad any other Reward for keeping the faid Per* fon out of Prifon, than what he fhall of his own Accord voluntarily give; or fhall take or receive any greater Sum for each Night’s Lodging or other Expences than what is reafonable and fitting in fuch Cafes, or fhall be fo adjudged by the next Juftice of the Peace, or at the next Quar-ter-Seffions; and fhall caufe or procure the faid Perfon to pay for any Wine, Beer, Ale Victuals, Tobacco or other Things than what he fhall voluntarily, particularly and freely call for; he fhall forfeit his Place, and treble Damages to the Party grieved, to be recovered by virtue of the Aft. Balt. c. y.f. 13.

If a Conftable, having arrefted a Prifoner by Authority of a Statute, doth not lawfully difcharge himfelf of him, but fuffers him to efcape, it feems, by the Book of ioEdw. 4. («),

he

t(o) 10 E. 4. pi. zi.

3%

A Treatife on the Office of Confiable. he is liable to an Adtion of Trefpafs ab initio, by the Party arrefted.

If a Conftable, having received a Warrant from a Juftice of the Peace, to apprehend the putative Father of a Ballard Child, if he fuffers him to efcape, may be bound to the good Behaviour, and fo over to the next Gaol-Delivery or Quarter-Selfions, and may be there ordered to contribute towards the Maintenance of the Ballard, or be fined. The like in Cafe of the.

Mother (a).

The Prifoner being committed to Gaol, the Peace Officer, in whofe Cuftody he is, ought to carry him thither diredtly.

If a Man arrefted for Felony, as he is carrying to Gaol, offer Refinance and fly, thofe that have the conducing him, may without Blame kill him. Lamb. 288.

Conftables are the proper Officers to a Juftice of Peace, as Sheriffs are to the higher Courts of Juftice; and they, as well as Headboroughs, Tythingmen and other Officers of the Peace, are obliged to execute the Warrants either generally or fpecially directed to them by the Juftices of the Peace: And when the Warrant is lawfully granted for a Matter within the Ju-rifdidtion of the Juftice, they may always fafely execute it in a legal Maimer.

By 27 Geo. 2. c. 20. The Conftable executing charges of a Juftice’s Warrant for levying a Penalty or making other Sum of Money diredted by an Adi of DiUrcls. Parliament, by Diftrefs, may deduct his own reafonable Charges of taking, keeping and

felling

(«) Dale. c. 11. f. 2.

364

Charges of

conveying

Vagrams.

Charges of conveying a Offender ro Gaol.

A '1 rcat'j'e on the OJficc of Conjlablei

felling the Goods diftrained, returning the Overplus on Demand, after fuch Penalty cr Sum of Money and Charge dedu&ed.

By 17 Geo. 2. c. 5. A Provifion is made for the Payment of Conftables, for the conveying ef Vagrants, out of the County Rate.

A Perfon committed to Gaol, for any Mifde-meanor, (ball bear his own Charges (if able) for conveying or fending him to the faid Gaol, and the Charges of thole that guard him thither; and if he fliall retuie at the Time of Commitment to defray the fame, or fhall not then pay rhe fame, the Juftice committing him fhall by Warrant ro the High or Petty Conftable, where the Perfon lira 11 inhabit, or from whence he fhall be committed, or where he fhall have any Goods within the County, order fo much to be fold thereof, as by his Difcretion fhall fatisfv the fame; the Appraifement to be made by four honeft Inhabitants. 3 J. c. 10; f. 1.

By Geo. 2. c. 3. it is enacted. That when any Perfon not having Goods or Money within the County where he is taken, fufficient to bear1 the Charges of himfelf and of thofe who convey him, is committed to Gaol, or the Houfe of Correction by Warrant from any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, then on Application by any Conftable or other Officer who conveyed him, to any Juftice of the Peace for the fame County or Place, he fhall upon Oath examine into and alcertain the reafonable Expences to be allowed fuch Conftable or other Officer, and fhall forthwith, without Fee or Reward, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, order the Trealurer of the County or Place to pay the

fame;

3&5

A'Treat fe on the Office of Coif. able.

fume, which the faid Treaftirer is hereby required to do as foon as he receives fuch Warrant •, and any Sum fo paid fhall be allowed in his Accounts.

And it is further enabled, That within the County of Middlefex, the Expences of the Con-Uable or other Officer, occafioned by the conveying of any Perfon to Gaol, by virtue of a Warrant from any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, fhall (after fuch Expences have been examined into upon Oath, and allowed by fuch Juftice or Juftices, and for which no Fee or Reward fhall be taken) be paid by the Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh or Place where the faid Perfon was apprehended; who is and are hereby authorized and requited to pay the fame; and the Sum or Sums fo paid, fhall be allowed in his or their Accounts.

By 24 Gee. 2. c. 44. / 6. it is enadted, That The Confla* no Adtion fhall be brought againft any Conftable, b|e’3 Inde“1' or other Perfon adting by his Order and in his ™aj0annin Aid, for any Thing done in Obedience to the office. Warrant of a Juftice of the Peace, till Demand hath been made or left at the ufual Place of his Abode, by the Party or by his Attorney, in Writing, figned by the Party demanding the lame, of the Perufal and Copy of fuch Warrant, and the fame hath been relufed or neglected for fix Days after fuch Demand; and if after Compliance therewith, any fuch Action fhall be brought, without making the Juftice who figned fuch Warrant Defendant, on producing and proving fuch Warrant at the Trial, the Jury fhall give their Verdidt for the Defendant, not-wjthftanding any Defedt of Juril'didtion in th?

Juftice. And if fuch Adtion be brought

jointly

366

A Treatife ori the Office of Conftable.

jointly againft fuch juftice and Conftable• ori Proof of fuch, Warrant, the Jury lhall find for the Conftable, notwithftanding fuch Defeft of Juril'diciion as aforefaid; and if the Verdift be given againft the Juftice, the Plaintiff lhall recover his Cofts againft him, to be taxed in foch Manner by the proper Officer, as to include fuch Cofts, as the Plaintiff is liable to pay to fuch Defendant, for whom fuch Verdict lhall be found as aforefaid.

But to conclude: An attentive Regard to the following general Obfervations on the Duty of a Conftable, it is apprehended, will be of

Ufe:

Firft then, let them be induftrious to acquaint themi'cives with the Powers given them as Peace Officers by the Common Law, the Statutes, and by the Warrants of Magiftrates, Let them exert this Authority with Caution, Integrity and Moderation; conGdering well before they deprive any Subjeft of his Liberty. When they have taken any Perfon in Cuftody, let Safety, Humanity, and an expeditious Conveyance before the Magiftrate, be their chief Confi-deration; for voluntary Efcapes are Impeachments of a Conftable’s Integrity, and lay him under the odious Sufpicion of Corruption. Harlhnefs and Severity to Prifoners call the Officer’s Humanity in Queftion. Delay in going before a Magiftrate, and entering into the Merits of the Complaint, is often the Occafion of Oppreffion, and fometimes makes the Officer liable to become the Inftrument of the Prolocutor's Malice ; for, as lie cannot adminifter an Oath, he is liable to be impofed on; and a Conftable is to remember that he is to apprehend

Offenders,

4-

A Treat ife on the Ojfice of Co fable*	367

Offenders, and not to determine Offences that being the Office of the Magiftrate only ; before whom every Prifoner taken into Cuftody for any Offence fhould be carried, in the Officer’s Jufti-fication, wlio cannot otherwife difcharge hirn

'	O

with Safety. Support your Office with Spirit, but never ufe any indecent Language, or any ways infult your Prifoner, and never ftrike but on the utmoft Neceffity ; for whenever you meet with Difficulty or Refiftance in the Execution of your Office, charge the Standers-by in the King’s Name to aid and affifl you, and, if poffi-ble, thofe whofe Names you know; for on their Refufal they are liable to be indifted.

Thus you may multiply your own Power, as often as you may find necelfary, and Occafion requires.

Pb

A P P E N-

[ 3 69 ]

APPENDIX. I. II.

I. T> Y the 2 Geo. 3. f. 1. it is enaCted, That The Price of

D no Brewer, Innkeeper, Victualler or flrongBeer other Retailer of ftrong Beer or Ale, (hall, at juid Ale n’V any Time, be fued, impleaded or molefted by advanced! V Indidlrment, Information, popular Action, or otherwife, for advancing, or having advanced, the Price of ftrong Beer or Ale, in a reafonable Degree, any Law or Statute to the contrary not-withftanding.

II. And if any common or other Brewer, Inn- 501. Penalty keeper, Victualler or Retailer of Beer or Ale, "" fraudulent-lhall mix, or caufe or fuffer to be mixed, in any flyr r# Veflel, Tub, Meafure or otherwife howfoever, Ale, or ftrong any ftrong Beer, Ale, or ftrong Wort, with any Worts with fmall Beer or fmall Worts, or with Water afterotlier Lquors. the Gauge of fuch ftrong Beer, Ale, or ftrong Worts, lhall have been taken by an Officer of Excife, every fuch Perfon fo offending, for every fuch Offence fhall refpeCtively forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

B b 2

119. In

37°

APPENDIX.

Fiee Vintners HI. In the Act againft Mutiny and Defertion, excufed from Qf 2 Qeg_ , js [|le following Exception, viz. Soldiers S Other than, and except Perfons who keep Taverns only, being Freemen of the Company of Vintners of the City of London, who were admitted to their Freedom before the fifth Day of July 1757, or who fince have, or fhall hereafter be admitted to their Freedom of the faid Company, in Right of Patrimony or Apprentice-

fliip.”

Guards qaar- IV. In the above Aft are thefe Words, tcrcd in Weil- “ And inch Officers and Soldiers of the Foot-mioiter. u Quarjs> fltall be quartered within the faid City “ and Liberties of V/efiminfter, and the Places “ adjacent, in the fame Manner, and under the “ fame Regulations, as in other Parts of Eng-“ land, in all Cafes for which particular Provi-“ fion is not made by this Aft.”

Obs. From thefe IVords, it clearly appears, that the Legijlature intended that the Foot-Guards fiould have the fame Allowances of fmall Beer, Fire, Salt, Pepper, Vinegar, t£c. as are allowed to others of bis Majeft/s Forces quartered in different Parts of the Kingdom.

Fordh"ing. V. The 5 fcf 6 Edw. 6. c. 14./ 1. enafts1, That whofoever Ihall buy, or caufe to be bought, any Merchandize, Viftual, or any other thing whatfoever, coming by Land or by Water toward any Market or Fair, to be fold in the fame, or coming toward any City, Port, Haven, Creek or Road, from any Parts beyond the Sea to be fold; or make any Bargain, Contract or Promile, for the having or buying the fame, or any Part thereof, fo coming as afore-faid, before the faid Merchandize, Victuals or other Things, Ihall be in the Market, Fair, City,

3

APPENDIX.

Port Haven, Creek or Road, ready to be fold ; or fhall make any Motion by Word, Letter,

Mefiage or otherwife, to any Perfon for the inhancing of the Price, or dearer felling of any Thing abo.vementioned, or elfe diffuade, move, or ftir any Perfon coining to the Market or Fair, to abftain or forbear to bring or convey any of the Things above rehearfed, to any Market, Fair, City, Port, Haven, Creek or Road, to be fold as aforefaid, fhall be deemed a Fore-ftalier.

VI.	Whofoever fhall ingrofs, or get into his lngrclmg Hands by buying, contracting or Promife-taking what, other than by Demife or Grant, or Leafe of Land

or Tythe, any Corn growing in the Fields, or any other Corn or Grain, Butter, Cheele, Fifh, or other dead Victuals whatfoever, to the Intent to fell the fame again, fhall be deemed an unlawful Ingroffer. Seft. 3.

VII.	And whofoever fhall by any Means re- Rcgrating grate, obtain, or get into his Hands or Poflef- what, fion, in a Fair or Market, any Corn, Wine, Fifh,

Butter, Chcefe, Candles, Tallow, Sheep, Lambs,

Calves, Swine, Pigs, Geefe, Capons, Hens, Chickens, Pigeons, Conies, or other dead Victual whatfoever, that fhall be brought to any Fair or Market, to be fold, and fo fell the fame again,

in any Fair or Market holden or kept, in the fame Place, or in any other Fair or Marker, within four Miles thereof, fhall be deemed a Regrator. Sell. 2.

VIII.	The Offenders in any of the above Penalty. Cafes, on Conviction, for the firft Offence to be imprifoned two Months, and forfeit the Value

B b 3	of

APPENDIX.

of the Goods•, for the fecond Offence to be imprifoned half a Year, and forfeit double Value; and for the third Offence to be fet on the Pillory, forfeit all his Goods, and be imprifoned during the King’s Pleafure. Sell. 4, 5> 6,

Extralfs

[ 373 1

Extracts from 2 Geo. III. Cap. 15. relative to the better /applying the Cities of London and We/minjler with Fiflo, and to the reducing the prefent exorbitant Price thereof and to the protesting and encouraging Fijh-ermen,

I. 'T'HIS Aft enafts, That it (hall be lawful General Li-

X for any Perfon, although not broughtcence t0 any

up in the Trade of a Fishmonger, to buy (fub-

jeft to and under the Reftriftions herein after con- monger to

tained) at any Market, Sea Coft, Creek, Port, buy at any

Haven, Bank of any River, or Place, in Great Market, Sea-

Britain, any Filh in Seafon which Shall not be Coaft or Ri"

unfizeable, or under the Dimenfions the fame

refpeftively by the Laws now in Force, are al- fon and fee-

lowed to be fent to the City of London, paying able, paying

the ufual and accuftomed Dues, at the Placesthe accuflom-

where any fuch Fi(h lb ail be fo purchafed; and c<JDut,®s'

c	i	r	11 1 r	•	•	,	and to fell the

afterwards to iell the lame again m public or fame again in

fixed Shops, Stalls or Houfes, in any other any Fifo or

Market in Great Britain, where Fi(h or Fleflr otl'er Market,

are or ulually have been fold, paying only the ?ov

ufual Stallage or Market Dues, paid at every excepted "

fuch Market, without incurring any Penalty or

Forfeiture.

2. Such Fiflr not to be refold by the firft Pur-chafer before the fame Iball be brought to London or Weftminfter, or to where configned, under the Penalty of 20/. and to be conveyed to the Places configned without being liable-to be Hoped and expoied to Sale on the Way.

B b 4	3.	Ca>

APPENDIX.

3.	Carriages employed in the Service to carry Filh only, and to be marked on the outfide, Fijh Machine only, and to be entered at the Office for licenfing Hackney Coaches, paying one Shilling for the Regifter, and to be numbered on Pain of forfeiting 40 s. and are not liable to be deemed common Stage Waggons, c.

4.	The faid Carriages to be permitted to travel with four Horfes in Pairs, or with one Horie, or three Horfes in Length ; though with narrow Wheels and (hall only pay the like Toll as Poll Chaifes, (3c. drawn by a like Number of Horfes; to be allowed to travel on Sundays as well as the returned Horfes of fuch Carriages; and neither Carriages or Horfes, if returning empty, to pay Toll.

5c If ary Game or other Thing, befides Filh and the necdTary Implements of the Carriage, be put therein for Conveyance, the Perfons putting in the fame to forfeit Five Pounds.

6.	And if the Driver lhall take up or fuffer any Paflenger, Game, or other Thing, to be carried therein,, he lhall forfeit 40 /. and, on Nonpayment, to be committed to Bridewell to hard Labour for 2ny Time not exceeding a Month

7.	If Bulk (hail be broke of any Filh Carriage o. nfigned for the London Markets, (3c. before being brought within the Bills of Mortality, or Sale made of the Filh before being brought to the fa.d Markets andexpofed to Sale, the O render to forfeit 1 o I.

8.	The Filh. a ter being fo brought up, is to be forth [I1 ‘ - ted and expofed to Sale in fome pubi - M. ■ ' c: the next Morning, Sundays excepted > and until it is fo expofed, no Part

thereof

375

APPENDIX.

thereof to be fold by Retail on Penalty of to/. but Mackrell brought by fuch Carriages may be fold on Sundays.

9.	All Contrafts made for Fiih, except for Salmon and Loblters, are vacated after the firft of May 1762 and the Parties difcharged from the Penalties of their Contracts $ and Perfons contracting after that Time to buy any other Fifh but Salmon and Lobflers, before the fame be brought to Market and duly expofed, forfeit 50/. and the Contraft deemed void.

10.	And after the firft of May 1762, no Contraft for Britilh Salmon and Lobfters lhall be in Force longer than one Year; and the like Rule to take Place with Refpeft to any Parol Con-trafts.

11.	After the Paid firft of May, no Perfon may employ or be employed in buying at the Markets of London or WejUmnJler, &c. Fifh brought there for Sale, to be afterwards divided amongft Filhmongers or others to be fold; nor may any Perfon buy in the faid Markets any Fifh, but what lhall be for his own Sale or Ufe, on Penalty of 20/.

12.	No Salefman, or other Perfon, may re-fufe to fell or enter into any Agreement not to fell to, or for any particular Perfon’s Ufe, any Fifh expofed to Sale at a publick Market, on the like Penalty.

13.	And all Fifh, of the refpeftive Sorts fpe-cified in this Aft, brought after the faid firft of May, for Sale to the London Markets, lhall be openly fold at the firft Hand, and in no greater Number or Quantity in a Lot than is prefcribed; and every Lot to confift of one Sort of Filh only,

14.	All

376

The Species of Fifh and Number and Qpanriry thereof allowed to be

Market;.

APPENDIX.

14. All frelh Salmon, Sturgeon, large frelh Cod, Skair, Pike, Turbot, Bret, Bril, Pearl, Kingfton, Ling, and Dorys, by the Angle Fifh •, all half frelh Cod, not exceeding two in any one Lot; all quarter frelh Cod, not exceeding four ibid m a Lot jn any one Lot •, all Mullets, Cole Fifh, Salmon atB^eTr°ut, ancl other Trout, not exceeding two in ** er any one Lot; all fmall Cod, not exceeding twenty-four in any one Lor, in Billingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Bil-lingfgate Dock; and, in any other Market within the weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding eight in any one Lot.

All fmall Pike, not exceeding fix in any one Lot, in Billinglgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingfgate Dock; and, in any other Market within the weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding four in any one Lot.

All large Haddock, not exceeding four in any one Lot, in Billingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty' Yards of Billingfgate . Dock; and in any other Market within the weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding two in any one Lot.

All fmall Haddock, not exceeding twenty-four in any one Lot, in Billingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingfgate Dock; and, in any other Market within the weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding eight in any one Lot.

All Perch, above fix Inches long from the Eye to the Fork of the Tail thereof, not exceeding twelve in any one Lot, in Billinafgate Marker, or withirr one hundred and fiftv Yards pt Billingfgate Dock; and, in anv other Mar-

APPENDIX.

ket within the weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding eight in any one Lot.

All Carp, Gurnet, Tench, and Sea Bafs, not exceeding fix in any one Lot, in Billingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingfgate Dock; and, in any other Market within the weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding four in any one Lot,

All Thornbacks, not exceeding two in any one Lot, in Billingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingfgate Dock $ and, in any other Market within the weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding one in any one Lot.

All large Soals, not exceeding four Pair in any one Lot, in Billingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingfgate Dock; and, in any other Market within the weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding two Pair in any one Lot.

All fmall Soals, not exceeding eight Pair in any one Lot, in Billingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingfgate Dock; and, in any other Market within the weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding four Pair in any one Lot.

All Mackrell, Whitings, Whiting Pouts, Plaice, Dabbs, Herrings, Pilchards, Garb Fifli, Flounders, and Maids, not exceeding fixty in any one Lot, in Billingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingfgate Dock; and, in any other Market within the weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding thirty in any one Lot.

All Smelts, not exceeding fifty-two in any one Lot, in Billingfgate Market, or within one,

hundred

3 78

APPENDIX.

hundred and fifty Yards of Billingfgate Dock; and, in any other Market within the weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding twenty-fix in any one Lot.

All Eels, not exceeding twenty Pounds Weight in any one Lot, in Billingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingfgate Dock-, and, in any other Market within the weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding ten Pounds Weight in any one Lot, unlefs any Angle Filh Ihall exceed that Weight.

All large Lobfters and Crabs, not exceeding of either Sort, in any one Lot, twenty, in Billingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingfgate Dock •, and, in any other Market within the weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding ten of either Sort in any one Lot.

All fmall Lobfters and Crabs, not exceeding, of either Sort, in any one Lot, forty, in Billingfgate Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Billingfgate Dock; and, in any ocher Market within the weekly Bills of Mortality, not exceeding twenty, of either Sort in any one Lot.

None of the 15- And if any Perfon or Perfons Ihall fell

feid feveral or buy any of the Fiih aforefaid, at the firft

Species of Hand, in any Market or Markets in the City of

Fiih may be London, or within one hundred and fifty Yards bought or fold r	r n ,	.	„„	.	'	.	,

a: the firft °* Buhngfgate Dock ; or m any Market m the

Hand in the City of Weftminfter, or within the weekly

feid Markets Bills of Mortality, in any Lot or Parcel, con-

m a greater taining any greater Number of any Sort of

Mninhpr Qr	o	J o	J

Quantity in a as aforefaid in any fuch Lot or Parcel, or Lot, than is any greater Weight of Eels in any Lot or Par-prefcribed, cel, than is herein before diretted and appointed 4	to

APPENDIX.	379

to be fold in any one Lot or Parcel j or if any one (hall fell, or offer for Sale, in any fuch Lot "°re ™0°[cQ‘f an or Parcel, more than one Sort of any of the Fifh Filh in a Lot, herein before fpecified •, he, (he, or they, who fhall be fold, or of. fo offend in the PremifTes, and be con vidted of any ferepfor. SaI?> fuch Offence in Manner herein after mentioned, ena ty fhall, for every fuch Offence, forfeit and pay the5 Sum of five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in Manner herein after direfled.

16.	But a fmaller Number of any of the faid Fifh, than a Lot confifts of, if it contains more than one; and alfo a leffer Weight of Eels than makes one Lot, may be fold or expofed to Sale in the faid Markets. No Fifh may be fold again, or expofed to Sale the fame Day, in the fame Market where it was before fold, on Penalty of io /. but the Buyer may fell the fame, whilft found and wholefome, in any other Place.

17.	Before any Fifh, to be fold at the firfl Hand in any of the faid Markets, be expofed to Sale, an Account of the Sorts, and Quantity of each, in large legible Charafters, is to be put up at the Filh Stand.

18.	The Number of Flounders, Plaice,

Dabbs, excepted •, and alfo of Mackrell, Maids,

Herrings, and Pilchards; and if any other Fifh of the Sorts mentioned in the Act, be brought for Sale, before the Market of the Day is over, they are iikewife to be added to the Account, before they are expofed to Sale •, and the faid Accounts are to be kept up, undefaced, till all the Fifh be fold, or the Market be over, on Penalty of 5 /.

19.	Or if any Perfon before fuch Time fhall wilfully take down, deface, or alter the Accounts

A P P E N t> i X.

counts fo put up, or caufe the fanie to be done, he forfeits 40 s.

20.	No Fifherman, &c. after the Arrival of his Veffel from Fiihing, may deftroy or call away, any of the Fi(h, not being unwholefome, periihed or unmarketable, remaining unfold after Market is over; on Penalty of being committed, and kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Months, nor lefs than one Week.

21.	All Perfons coming under the four following Defcriptions, employed in the Filheries of thefe Kingdoms, are exempted from being impreifed into the King’s Service, viz. Firft, Mailers of Fiihing Veffels, who, either them-felves or their Owners, have, or within fix Months before applying for a Protection, ihall have had one or more Apprentices, under fixteen Years of Age, bound for five Years, and employed in the Bufinefs of Fiihing-, idly, All luch Apprentices not exceeding four to every Mailer or Owner of a Fiihing Veffel of thirty Tuns Burthen, or upwards; and two to every Veffel under thirty Tuns; during the Time of their Apprenticeihip, and till the Age of twenty-one Years, they continuing for the Time in the Bufinefs of Fiihing only; tjdly. One Mariner, befides the Mailer and Apprentices, to every Fiihing Veflel of ten Tuns Burthen, or upwards, employed on the Sea Coaft, during his Continuance in fuch Service; 4thly, Any Landman entering, and employed on Board fuch Veffel, for two Years from his firil going to Sea, and to the End of the Voyage then engaged in, if he fo long continue in fuch Sendee.

On Affidavit being made before fome Juilice, and laid before the Admiralty, that the Perfons

therein

APPENDIX.?	38!

therein named and defcribed, come within fome or one of the above Defcriptions (inferring the Tunnage of the Veffel, and Port ihe belongs to; the Name and Defcription of the Matter; the Age of every fuch Apprentice, and Term he is bound for, with the Date of his Indenture j and the Name, Age, and Defcription of every fuch Mariner and Landman, with the Time of fuch Landman’s firft going to Sea) the Admiralty lhall thereupon, unlefs they fufpeCt the Truth of fuch Affidavit (which in fuch Cafe they are directed to enquire into) grant, without any Fee, a feparate Protection to every fuch Perfon; on producing whereof, they are to be forthwith releafed, if impreffed. If any fuch protected Perfon fhall be impreffed, except in the Cafe of Invafion, or imminent Danger thereof, and on producing, or ottering to produce his Protection, the Commanding Officer fliall not examine, or fhall withhold fuch Protection, and not releafe him; or if, being carried. on Board any of the King’s Ships, the Commanding Officer there fhall not difeharge him

O	O

on fuch Protection being produced •, or if taken away from him, on tendering to him an Affidavit made before fome Juftice, that fuch Protection was granted, and in force, and was taken away, when he was impreffed or if any Commanding Officer, or any of the Crew under him, fhall take away, or detain fuch Protection the Offender, in any of the faid Cafes, to forfeit io I. to the Party impreffed, not being an Apprentice, and if an Apprentice, then to his Matter.

ii. The

382

APPENDIX.

22.	The Mafter or Owner of any Fifhing Vef-fel knowingly harbouring, fc’c. a Deferter from the King’s Service, forfeits 20 /.

23.	Juftices are impowered to hear and determine all Offences committed againft: this Aft within their refpeftive Jurifdiftions;

24.	Any of the Parties concerned in the contracting for Fiih contrary to this Aft, giving the firft Information againft, and convicting others, is indemnified himfelf, andintided to a Moiety of the Penalty.

25.	No Information may be received by a Ju-ftice againft any Perfon forbeing concerned in any Contract for buying up Fifh to be fold again, contrary to this Aft; but the Penalty for entering into fuch Contract, fhall be recoverable only, with double Cofts, in one of the Courts at Weft-minfter ; one Moiety to go to Greenwich Hof* pital, and the other to the Prolecutor.

[ 353 ]

Extraffs from 4th Geo. III. Chap. 14, relative to the regulating of Buildings; and preventing Mifcbiefs that maf happen bj Fire within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places in the J'aid Adi mentioned.

THIS Aft, after reciting a Claufe in the n 'qcq • Aft of 11 Geo. 1. relative to the pulling g. ,3, down or rebuilding of Partition or Party Walls, between Houle and Houfe, “ And that where-“ as the Workmen appointed by Virtue of the “ recited Aft to examine Party Walls, are often “ divided in Opinion, about the Neceflity of “ pulling down and rebuilding the fame, where-“ by a Certificate from the major Part of fuch “ Workmen, as by the laid Aft is required, i£ cannot be obtained, whereby the Purpofes of “ the faid Aft in many Inftances have been Par( . r Par “ evaded, enafts, That in cafe the major Part \y3^r' of the Workmen appointed to View the Party Wall of any Houfe or Houfes, intended to be pulled down, ihall not, within the Space of one Calendar Month, fign a Certificate in Writing, of their Opinion, as by the recited Aft is required •, then and in every fuch Cafe; it fhall and may be lawful, to and for any two or more of his Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the City or County, refiding in or near tlie P.irifh, Liberty C c	or

3S4

APPENDIX.

or Precindt, where the Houfe or Houfes, having fuch Party Wall or Walls intended to be pulled down, (hall ftand, and fuch Juftices are hereby authorized and required, upon Application to rhem for that Purpofe made by the Owner or Occupier of either of the Houfes, between which the Party Wall fo propofed to be pulled down fhall be, to name and appoint one other able Workman, to be added to the Workmen appointed in Purfuance of the recited Adt, and the laid Workmen fo appointed, or the major Part of them, who (hall meet for that Purpofe (ten Days Notice having been given to, or left at the dwelling Houfe of each and every of them, of fuch intended Meeting) fhall View the Party Walls fo propofed to be pulled down; and in cafe the major Part of fuch Workmen, fhall Cer-' tify in Writing, under their Hands, that fuch Party Wall is defedtive and bad, and ought to be pulled down •, then and in fuch Cafe, it fhall and may be lawful, to and for the Owner or Occupier of either of the faid adjoining Houfes, to caule fuch Party Wall to be pulled down and rebuilt, and he hath a remedy for recovering a Moiety of the Expences thereof, as by the recited Adi is given. SeEi. 2.

And it is further enadted. That all Party Walls, which from and after three Months, from the pafling of the Act, fhall be eredted or built within the Limits aforefaid, fhall be two Bricks and an Half thick at the lead in the Cellar, and two Bricks thick upwards to the Garret floor, and from thence one Brick and an Half thick at lead, eighteen Inches above the Roofs or Gutters which adjoin to fuch Party Walls, and that the

fame

3 8S

APPENDIX.

fame fhall be built of Stone, or of good found burnt Bricks, and none other. Sett. 3.

And it is further enafted, That no Timbers, except the Timbers of the Girders, binding Joifts and the Templets under the fame, (hall be laid into the Party Walls, and that no Timbers of the Roof be laid into fuch Party Wails (except the Purloins or Kerb thereof), and that the Ends of Girders and binding Joifts, lying within fuch Party Wall, (hall not exceed nine Inches, and that none of the Ends of Girders or binding Joifts of adjoining Routes, fhall meet or be laid oppo-fite to each other •, and that the Sides thereof fhall be at leaft fourteen Inches difhntfrom each other, and that there (hall be ninelnches at lead, of folid Brick Work, left at or between the Ends of all Lentils, Wall Plates and Bond Timbers, which may or fhall be laid in or upon the Walls, or the fore and back Fronts of all Eloufes which (hall adjoin to each other; and Builders or Workmen not conforming to thefe Directions, or ufmg Bricks not duly burnt, forfeit 501, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale, and for want of Diftrefs, to be committed for fix Months, by two Juftices, or the Penalty may be recovered in the Courts at Weftminfter, with double Cofts. Sett. 4.

And it is further enafted. That no Timber Rules In re-or Timbers whatfoever, (hall be laid or placed fPeft 10 under the Hearth or Hearths of any Room or Rooms, or within nine Inches of the Funnel or Flew of any Chimney or Chimnies of any Houfe or Houfes within the Limits aforefaid; and that no Timber Buildings whatfoever, fhall be built adjoining to any Houfe or Ploufes, fo as the Timbers thereof, fhall be laid into the Wall or Walls of any fuch Houfes already built or C c 2	here-

SS6	A P P E N D I X.

hereafter to be built, under the like Penalty of qo /. to be levied as before, either upon the Workman offending therein, or the Inhabitant or Perl'on caufing fuch Building to be erefted or built. Self. 5.

r.,;c. «.i;h And it is further enacted. That no Perfon reipeet to whatfoever, who (hall build againft a Party Wall L'hitnnie; and or Walls, fhall on any Pretence whatfoever cut F-C"ty°\Va!]s *nt0 or wound the fame, for the Conveniency of making a Chimney or Chimnies, or for any other Purpole whatfoever; nor fhall lay into the fame any other Timbers than are allowed by this Aft to be laid into new Party Walls, under the fame Penalty of 50 /. Sell. 6.

Houfe; to be And it is further enafted, That every Matter furwyed. Builder, who fhall ereft or build any Houfe within the Limits aforefaid, fhall within fourteen Days after the fame fhall be covered in, caufe the fame to be Purveyed by one or more Surveyor or Surveyors, and fuch Surveyor or Surveyors fhall make Oath before one of his Majefty’s Ju-ffices of the Peace, for the County of Middlefex or City of	after,	that	the	fame	hath	been

fto the bed of his or their Judgment and Belief] built and erected agreeable to the feveral Directions in this Aft contained; which Affidavit shall be filed with the Clerk of the Peace of the laid County of Middlefex, within ten Days after the making thereof, and the Paid Clerk of the Peace for his Trouble therein (hall be indtled to one Shilling and no more: And if any Mailer Builder makes Default therein, he forfeits the like Penalty, to be levied as beforementioned. See7. 7.

And Difpures about Damage, by erefting new perpendicular Party Wall, upon the old Foundations, where Parts of the adjoining Houfes

inter-

3 87

appendix.

intermix, are to be referred to the Juflices at their Quarter-Seflions, who are to fummon a Jury to fix the Value, and the Order made upon fuch Verdift is to be final. Set?. 9.

And that the back and fore Fronts of all fu- Relative to ture Buildings (hall be of Scone, or good Brick, pon:s of from the Bread: Summer upwards, as alfo the ^hc/i^nd-Party Walls, and that fuch Bread Summer inings. all fuch Houfes or other Buildings, (hall not be higher than the Floor of the one Pair of Stairs.

Seff. 15.

By 2 Geo. 3. Cb. 19. it is enacted, That no Perfon or Perlons, (hall upon any Precence what- Amndgcs foever, take, kill, deftroy, carry, fell, buy or^a^ have, in his, her or their Pofleliion or Ule, any t0 bt killed. Partridge, between the 12 th Day of February and the 1 ft Day of September in any Year; or any Pheafant, between the id Day of February and the id Day of OP.cbrr in any Year; or any Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, between the id Day of January and the 20th Day of /luguft in any Year; or any Groule, commonly called Red Game, between the id Day of December and the 25th Day of July in any Year, on Penalty of five Pounds for every Bird, to be recovered by Action, fsV. the whole of which goes to the Informer.—But this Act not to extend to any Pheafant which (hall be taken in the Seafon allowed by this Act, and kept in any Mew or breeding Place. Prosecutions to be commenced in fix iVJonths.

The 2 Geo. 3. Cb. 29. ScSt. 1. enacts, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall fnoo: ar, with an In-tent to kill, or (hall by any Means whatloever' J kill or take, with a wilful Intent to deftroy any Houfe Dove or Pigeon, and (hall be thereof C c 3	convicted

38B

APPENDIX.

convi&ed before one Juftice, where the Offence is committed, on the Oath of one or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, (hall forfeit twenty Shillings to the Informer, or be committed to the common Gaol or Houfe of Corredtion, for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor lefs than one, unlefs the Penalty be fooner paid. Profe-cution to be within two Months, and not to extend to the Owner of Dove Cotes, Pigeon Houfes or Pigeon Chambers.

D«er Healing. By 3 IV. IS M. Cb. 1 o. it is enadted, That if any Perfon {hall unlawfully courfe, hunt, take in Toyls, kill, wound or take away any red or fallow Deer, in any Foreft, Chafe, Purlieu, Pad-dock, Wood, Park, or other Ground inclofed, where Deer are, have been or Ihall be ufually kept, without the Confent of the Owner, or Perfon chiefly intrufted with the Cuftody thereof; or Ihall be aiding or afiifting therein, and {hall be convicted thereof before one Juftice, where the Offence {hall be committed, or the Party apprehended ; every fuch Perfon fo offending, by un-1 i'vful courfing or hunting only, where no Deer is taken, wounded or killed, Ihall forfeit for every fuch Offence 20/. and in cafe any Deer ihall by fuch Perfon be wounded, taken in Toyls or killed, he (hall forfeit for every fuch Deer 30 /. or be committed to the common Gaol for a Year, and be fet in the Pillory for one Hour on fome Market Day. wfl" % 2 Ceo. 3- Cb. 21. Seel. 17. it is enadted, That if any Perfon or Perfons, ihall wilfully or mems, Lamps, ttndicioufly break up, deftroy or otherwife da-Ircn, Timber, mage or fpoil, any Pavements, Lamps, Iron, Furniture, or Timber, Furniture or other Materials, made Ufe kk-e-t" °f ^or ^ ■f>urP°^s of this Act, {hall for the firft e ~'	Offence

A P P E N D I X.

389

Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding forty made Ufe of Shillings, nor lefs than ten Shillings; for thefor lhe Pur* ' fecond and every other Offence, any Sum not ^esr°[a'^e exceeding three Pounds, nor lefs than twenty touring The Shillings; or be committed to the Houfe of Cor- Streets, &c. reftion for any Time not exceeding two Months, nor lefs than ten Days, unlefs the laid Forfeiture fit all be fooner paid.

By 4 Geo. 3. Ch. 39. Sec!. 10. it is enafted, Driving Car-That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall run, drive, &t- on draw, or caufe to be run, driven or drawn, on p^-cn^t any of the Foot Pavements of any Squares,

Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Yards, Paffages or Places, which (hall be begun to be new paved, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheel Barrow, orany Carriage whatfoever; fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall forfeit for the firft Offence ten Shillings, for the fecond Offence twenty Shillings, and lor the third and every other Offence forty Shillings, or be committed for any Time not exceeding two Months.

By 5 Geo. 3. Cb. 14. it is enafted. That if Cstehmg Fi/h any Perfon or Perfons, (hall enter into any Park in Waters or Paddock fenced in and inclofed, or into any indofed. Garden, Orchard or Yard, adjoining or belonging to any Dwelling Houfe, in or through which Park or Paddock, Garden, O.chard or Yaid any River or Stream of Water (hall run or be, or wherein fhall be any River, Stream, Pond, Pool,

Moat, Stew, or other Water, and by any Ways,

Means or Device whatfoever, (hall (leal, take, kill o^ deftroy any Fi(h bred, kept or preferved, in any fuch River or Stream, Pond, Pool, Moat,

Stew or other Water aforefaid, without the Con-fent of the Owner thereof, or fhall be aiding or a (Tiding, in the dealing, taking, killing or de-

C c 4

itroying

39°

APPENDIX, ilroying, any fuch Fifh as aforefaid, or fhall receive or buy any fuch Fifh, knowing the fame to be ftolen or taken as aforefaid, and being in-difted thereof within fix Months, (hall be convicted in the fame County, fhall be tranfported for feven Years. And any Offender impeaching his Accomplice or Accomplices, fo that he or they may be convicted, is to be pardoned. Catching Fifh And by Sell. 3. it is enacted. That if any Per-1" no: fon or Perfons lhall take, kill or deftroy, or at-iac g! ' tempt to take, kill or deftroy any Fifh, in any River or Stream, Pond, Pool or other Water (not being in any Park or Paddock, or in any Garden, Orchard or Yard, adjoining or belonging to any Dwelling Ploufe, but fhall be in any other inclofed Ground, which fhall be private Property), fhall forfeit five Pounds to the Owner iof the Filhery, on Conviction before one Ju-flice of the Peace, or be committed for any Time not exceeding fix Months, unlefs the laid Forfeiture fhall be fooner paid.

Robbing Rab- ' And by Sett. 6. it is enadted, That if any Per-bet Warrens, fon or Perfons fhall wilfully and wrongfully, in the Night Time, enter into any Warren or Grounds lawfully ufed or kept for the breeding or keeping of Conies, although the fame be not inclofed, and fhall then and there, wilfully and ^	wrongfully,	take	or	kill	in the Night Time any

Coney or Conies, againft the will of the Owner or Occupier thereof, or fhall be aiding and affift-ing therein, and fhall be convicted of the fame, before any of his Majefty’s Juftices of Oyer and terminer or Gaol Delivery for the County where the Offence is committed, he fhall be transported, whipped, fined or imprifoned, at the Difcretion of the Court.

By

APPENDIX.	m

By 6 Gee. 3. Ch. 25. it is enafted, That if any Apprentices Apprentice ihall abfent himfelf from this Maf- li°.le've^1>e ter’s Service, before the Term of his Appren- nr‘“n ticethip fhall be expired, every fuch Apprentice they lofe, or /hall at any Time or Times thereafter, whenever nwkeSatisfac-he fhall be found, be compelled to ferve his laidtlou> or be Matter for fo long a Time as he fhall have focommitte<i-abfented himfelf irom fuch Service, unlels he fhall make Satisfaction to his Matter, for the Lofs he Ihall have fuftained by his Abfence from his Service; and fo from Time to Time as often as any fuch Apprentice ihall, without Leave of his faid Matter, abfent himfelf from his Service before the Term of his Contract (hall be fulfilled; and in cafe any fuch Apprentice fhall refufe to ferve, as hereby required, or to make fuch Satisfaction to his Matter, he may be committed by any one Juftice of the Peace to the Houfe of Correction, for any Time not exceeding three Months.

Not to extend to Apprentices with whom ten Pounds has been given, or where feven Years fhall have elapfed.

SeSI. 4. enacts, That if any Artificer, Callicoe Printer, Handicraftfman, Miner, Collier, Keel-^ man, Pitman, GlafTman, Potter, Labourer or themfelvei other Perfon, fhall contraft with any Perfon befote the whomfoever, for any Time or Term whatfoever. Expiration of and Ihall abfent himfelf from his Service before thcir90ntri' ' the Term of his Contraft fhall be compleated, or be guilty of any other Mifdemeanor, and ihall be convifted of the fame before one Juftice of the Peace, where the Offender Ihall be found, ihall be committed to the Houfe of Correction tor any Time not exceeding three Months, nor lets than one Month.

Perfons aggrieved, except in Cafes of Commitment, may appeal to the Quarter-SdTtons.

By

APPENDIX.

By 7 Geo. 3. Ch. 44. Soft. 12. it is enafted. That every licenfed Hackney Coachman Ihall be obliged and compellable on every Day of the Week, at feafcmable 1 imes, to go any where within the Diftance of ten Miles from the City of London or IVeJlminfter; on Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding 3 I. nor lefs than 1 o s. agreeable to 1 Geo. 1. Ch. 57. And licenfed Job Coaches, driven or let out to Hire within the Weekly Bills, for a longer Time than one Month, without the Excil'e Mark under the Foot Board, are liable to the Penalty of five Pounds, agreeable the 9th Ann. Cb. 23.

----- By Seif, 13. it is enafted. That Hackney Chairmen, chairmen within the 'Weekly Bills of Mortality, {hall be intitled to, and may demand, receive and take, for the Hire of any fuch Hackney Chair, the Rates and Fares herein after mentioned, viz. for any Diftance not exceeding one Mile Twelvepence; and for any Diftance being above one Mile, and not exceeding one Mile and four Furlongs one Shilling and Sixpence-, and for every further Diftance, not exceeding four Furlongs Sixpence; and by the Hour Eighteenpence for the firft Hour, and Sixpence for every half an Hour after.

Cutting down By 6 Geo. 3. Cb. 36. it is enafted. That all w deitroying and every Perfon and Perfons, who (hall in the J'pUnteofBNiShc Time lop, top, cut down, break, throw the Value of ^own’ bark, burn, or otherwife fpoil or deftroy,

- 5, in the or carry away, any Oak, Beach, A(h, Elm, Fir, Night Time. Chefnut or Afp Timber Tree, or other Tree or Trees Handing for Timber, or likely to become Timber, without the Confent of the Owner or Owners thereof firft had and obtained -, or ihall in the Night Time, pluck lip, dig up, break,

fpoil

392

Hackney Coaches to go 10 Miles out

393

APPENDIX.

fpoil or deftroy, or carry away, any Root, Shrub or Plant, Roots, Shrubs or Plants, of the Value of five Shillings, and which (hall be growing, (landing or being in the Garden Ground,

Nurfery Ground, or otner inclofed Ground, of any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, (hall be guilty of Felony, and may be iranfport-ed. And the Aiders and Abettors therein, and Perfons who (hall buy or receive fuch Roots,

Shrubs or Plants, knowing the fame to be fto-len, are liable to like Puni hmenr, as if they had ftolen the fame.

By 6 Geo. 3. Cb. 48. it is enadted, That every

Perfon who lhall wilfully cut or break down, He ,	,	,	,	,	,	'	,	’	limber Trees

bark, burn, pluck up, lop, top, crop, or other- or Trees

wife deface, damage, fpoil or deftroy, or carry likely to be-away, any Timber Tree or Trees, or Trees like- come Timber, ly to become Timber, or any Part thereof, or the Lops or Tops thereof, without the Confent of the Owner or Owners thereof, firll had and obtained, or in any of his Majefty’s Forcfts or Chafes, without the Confent of the Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, or Perfon or Perfons intruded with the Care of the fame, (hall on Convidtion before one Juftice, for the firll Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, together with the Charges previous to, and attending fuch Conviction, or be committed for any Time not exceeding twelve, nor lefs than fix Months, or until the Penalty and Charges (hail be paid •, for the fe-cond Offence any Sum not exceeding thirty Pounds and Charges, or be committed for any Time not exceeding eighteen Months, nor lefs chan twelve Months; for the third Offence (hall be guilty of Felony, and may be tranfported,

N.B,

394

Deftroying or carrying away Roots, Shrubs and Plants.

!V:lrc.yirg '.VoOCa -:

L :.Z'Z:v. oods.

APPENDIX.

N. B. The following Trees to be deemed Tim-ber within the Meaning of this Act, viz. Oak, Beech, Chefnut, Walnut, Afh, Elm, Cedar, Fir, Afp, Lime, Sycamore and Birch Trees.

By Sett. 3. it is enafted, That all and every Perfon who (hall pluck up, or cut, fpoil or de-ftroy, or take or carry away, any Root, Shrub or Plant, Roots, Shrubs or Plants, out of the Fields, Nurferies, Garden or Garden Grounds, or other cultivated Lands of any Perfon or Perrons whomfoever, without the Content of the Owner or Owners thereof, fir 11 had and obtained, ih 311 on Conviction before one Juftice, where the Offence was committed, for the firlt Otfence forfeit any Sum not exceding forty Shillings, together with the Charges previous to, and attending fuch Convidtion for the fecond Otfence any Sum not exceeding five Pounds; and for the third Offence fhall be deemed guilty of Felony, and may be tranfported.

By Sec!- 4. it is enacted. That all and every Perfon and Perfons, who (hall go into the Woods, Underwoods, or Wood Grounds, of any of his Majetty’s Subjects, not being the lawful Owner or Owners thereof, and fhall there cut, lop, top or fpoii, fplit down or damage, or otherwife de-jfroy any kind of Wood or Underwood, Poles, Sticks of Wood, green Stubs, or young Trees, or carry or convey away the fame, or fnall have in his, her or their Cuftody, any kind of Wood, Underwood, Poles, Sticks of Wood, green Stubs or voung Trees, and fhall not give a iatisfaftory Account, how he, fhe or they came by the fame, fhall, on Conviction before one Juftice of the Peace, forfeit for the firft Offence any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, together with the

Charges

O

39 S

APPENDIX.

Charges previous to, and attending fuch Conviction ; for the fecond Offence any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, with the Charges, and for the third Offence fhall be deemed and adjudged an incorrigible Rogue or Rogues, and lball be punithed as fuch. And if the above Penalties be not immediately paid down, the Party to be committed to the Houle of Correction for one Month for the firft Offence, and to be once whipped, and for the fecond Offence to be committed for three Months, and to be whipped once in each Month. And Perfons hindering or attempting to prevent the feizing or fecuring any Perfon employed in carrying away any fuch Timber or other Trees, forfeit ten Pounds on Conviction before one Jitftice, or to be committed to the Houfe of Correction to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding fix Calendar Months.

By 23 Hen. 8. Ch. 4. it is enafted, That every Cooper Artificer of the Craft or Myffery of Coopers, D*1’6**01*9-that will exercife or practife to make any Veffels for Beer or Ale, to be put to Sale, fhall make the fame Veffels and every of them, of good and feafonable Wood, and put his proper Mark upon every of them, and that every Barrel for Beer lhall contain 36 Gallons, every Kilderkin for Beer 18 Gallons, and every Firkin for Beer,

9 Gallons of the King’s ftandard Gallons fo that they fhall be of good and juft Meafure, or elfe above, and not under •, and that no Cooper fhall make any other Vefiel for Beer or Ale to to be fold within this Realm, of any greater or letter Number of Gallons than is abovefaid, un-lefs he fhall caufe to be marked upon every fuch Veffel that he (hall fo make of greater or 2	Idler

396

Regulations concerning the Militia.

APPENDIX.

lefler Number of Gallons, the true and certain Number of as many Gallons as every fuch other Veffel lhall contain, to the Intent that every other Perfon may know the Content thereof. * 3 4 5 6 7 * 9 10

Extract of Gaufes in the Militia AB> 2 Geo. 3. Ch. 20.

P erf ns exempted from ferving in the Militia, by tbemfelves or Subftilutes.

r. TV TO Peer of this Realm.

i_\l 2. Nor any Perfon who (hall ferve as Commiffion Officer in any Regiment, Troop or Company, in his Majefty’s other Forces, or in any one of his Majefty’s Caftles or Forts.

3.	Nor any Non-Commiffion Officer or private Man, ferving in any of his Majefty’s other Forces.

4.	Nor any Commiffion Officer ferving, or who has ferved four Years in the Militia.

5.	Nor any Perfon being a Member of either of the Univerfities.

6.	Nor any Clergyman, nor any licenfed Teacher of any feparate Congregation.

7.	Nor any Conftable, or other fuch Peace Officer.

,	8. Nor any articled Clerk, Apprentice, Sea-

man, or Seafaring Man.

9. Nor any Perfon muftered, trained and doing Duty in any of his Majefty’s Docks, for the Service thereof.

10. Nor

397

APPENDIX.

io. Nor any Perfon being free of the Company of Watermen of the River Thames.

n. Nor any poor Man who has three Children born in Wedlock.

12.	Nor any Perfon under the Age of Eighteen, or more than Forty-five Years Old.

And any Perfon returned as Militia Man for one Place, is not compellable to ferve at another, on producing a Certificate from the Clerk of the Divifion where firft returned.

Penalty on Perfons refufing to ferve or find a Subftitute.

If any Perfon chofen by Lot to ferve in the Militia for the Space of three Years (not being one of the People called Quakers), (hall refufe or neglect to appear and take the Oath pre-fcribed, or provide a Subftitute to be approved, who lhall take the faid Oath and fign his Con-fent to ferve as his Subftitute •, every fuch Perfon fo refuting or neglefting lhall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; and at the Expiration of three Years be liable to ferve again, or provide a Subftitute.

I

Penalty on refufing to tell Chrifiian or Surnames.

If any Perfon lhall refufe to tell his Chriftian or Surname, or the Chriftian and Surname of any Man lodging or redding within his or her Houfe, to any Conftable, Tythingman or other Officer, authorized by this Aft to demand the i	fame,

39s

APPENDIX.

fame, ever)' fuch Perfon fhall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

Penally on perfuading Conftahks, &c. to make falfe Returns.

Any Perfon who dial! by Gratuity, Gift or Reward, or by Promife thereof, or of any Indemnification, or by Menaces, endeavour to prevail on any Chief Conftable, or any Conftable, Tythingman, He dborough or other Officer, of any Parilh, Tything or Place, to make a falfe Return of any Lift or any Parifb, Tything or Place, or to erafe or leave out of any lech Lift the Name of any fuch Perfon as ought to be returned ; every fuch Perfon fhall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

By iSGco. z. Ch. 30. Sell. 5. it is enaftedj That it ffiall and may be lawful for any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gagd of nine Inches, to travel, paf?, or be driven, upon any Turnpike Road, without being fubjecb or liable to forfeit and loie any one of the Horfes drawing the fame, together with the Geers, Bridles and Halters therewith ufed; any Thing contained in the Aft palled in the bth Year of his late Majefty King George, intitled. An Aft for preventing the Carriage of exceffive Loads of Meal, Malt, Bricks and Coals, within ten Miles of the Cities of London and Weft-minjtcr, to the contrary hereof notwithftandingj

By

APPENDIX.	399

By 9 Geo. i. Cb. :. Self. 4. it is enabled, That Fortune if any Perfon fhall pretend to exercife or ule any tcllll’2-Kind of Witchcraft, Sorcery, Inchantment or Conjuration, or undertake to tel! Fortunes, or pretend, from his or her Sluil or Knowledge in any occult or crafty Science, to difeover where or in what Manner any Goods or Chattels fup-pofed to have been ftoien or loft may be found, and (hall be convicted on Indictment in England, or Libel in Scotland; (uch Perfon fhall be im-prifoned for a Year, without Bail or Mainprize, and be fet in the Pillory once in each Quarter of the Paid Year, and give Sureties for good Behaviour, in fuch Sums and for Rich Time as the Court (hall think proper.

By 3 Cha. 1. Cb. 1. it is enacted, That no Sabbath Carrier with any Horfe or Horles, nor Waggon-breaking, men with any Waggon or- Waggons, nor Carmen with any Cart or Carts, nor Wainmen with any Wain or Wains, nor Drovers with any Cattle (hall, by themfelves or any other, travel upon the Lord’s Day commonly called Sunday, on Pain of forfeiting twenty Shillings; or if any Butcher by himfelf, or any other for him, by his Privity or Confent, (hall kill or fell any Victual upon the faid Day, he fhall forfeit for every Offence- fix Shillings and Eightpence, on Conviction before any one Juftice of the Peace, on the View of the faid Juftice, Oath of two Wit-neffes or Confefiion of the Party; the Penalties to be levied by Diftrefs.

By 5 Eliz. Cb. 4. Sell. 13. it is enabled, ThatPerfonsem-every Artificer and Labourer, that fhall be law- PloPed 111 fully retained in and for the building or repairing of any Church, Houfe, Ship, Mill, or every work unfi-other Piece of Work, taken in Great, in TafknilheJ.

D d	or

APPENDIX.

or in Grofs, or that fhall hereafter take upon him to nuke or finith any fuch Thing or Wuik, fhall continue and not depart from the fame, un-lefs it be for not paying of his Wages or Hire agreed on, or otherwiie lawfully taken, or appointed to lirvc her Majelty or SuccefTors, or other lawful Caufe, or without Licence of the Maker or Ov.ner of the Work, or of him that hath the Charge thereof, before the nr.ifiiing of the laid Work; upon Pain of one Montit’s Im-prifonmenr, on Conviction before one Juftice ; and five Pounds Penalty, to be recovered bv Action.

Frauds bv {a ic 1 ck'.n.

Regulations

concerning

By Uni. 8. Cb. i. it is enabled, That if any Peribn or Perlbns falfly and deceitfully obtain, or get into his or their Hands or Poliefiion, any Money, Goods, Chattels, Jewels, or other Things of arty other Perfon or Perfons, by Colour and Means of any f.tlfe Token or coun-terreit Letter, made in any other Man’s Name, fhall on Com.ic’tion, fuller Pillory, Imprifon-nicnt, or fuch other corporal Punilbment as the Court fhall direct.

By 29 Geo. 2. Cb. it. it is enacted. That on the Death or Removal of Perlbns occupying li-

liceatedpuoliccenfed Houles, their Afiigns, or. may continue Hcmies. the fame for the rcfidue of the Year. And new Licences may be granted to Houfes unoccupied, and iicenfed the preceding Year, on the new Tenant obtaining fuch Certificate as is directed by 26 Geo. 2. Cb. 31. And Perfons felling Beer, CcY. in Prifons, are to take out Licences.

LimitetioDs of By 31 Eliz. Cb. 5. it is enabled, That all Ac-Icformatiocs. tions, Suits, Bills, Indibtments or Informations, upon any Penal Statute, whereby the Forfeiture

is

APPENDIX.	4c

is limited to the Queen, her Heirs or Succef-fors only, fhall be had, brought, fued or exhibited, within two Years next after the Offence committed, and not after two Years; and where the Forfeiture is limited to the Queen, her Heirs and Succeffors, and to any other Perfon, all Aftioris, Bills, Suits or Informations are to be had, brought, fued or commenced within one Year next after the Offence committed.

By 8 Geo. 3. Ch. 17. it is enafted, That the Reflations Hours of Work in the Day, for Servants or COIICcrn"lS Journeymen, to be employed in the Bufinels of a Taylor, within the City of Lett don, and five Miles thereof, fhall be from Six o’Clo' k in the Morning, until Seven o’Clock in the Evening, with an Interval of one Hour only for Refrelh-ment, and that their Wages fhall be any Sum not exceeding two Shillings and Sevcnpence Halfpenny per Day, except during the Space of one Calendar Month, from the Publication of any Order for a general Mourning, by the Earl Marfhal in the London Gazette, and during that Space, any Sum not exceeding five Shillings, and Onepenny Halfpenny •, on Pain of Imprifon-ment in the common Gaol, or Huufe of Correction, for any Time not exceeding two Months, nor lefs than fourteen Days, on Conviction before two Juftices of the Peace, of any Journeyman receiving, or any Mafler paying more or greater Wages than as aforefaid. And by Sell. 3. The Jufticesareimpoweredupon Information on Oath being made before them, that there is Reafon to fufpeft that the above Regulations are brnke through, to fummon any Clerk, Foreman, Apprentice, Servant, or any other Perfon or Per-fons whatfoever, to attend fuch Juftices, and D d 2	be

APPENDIX.

be examined touching fuch Premifies, and on fuch Perions refilling to attend, and Proof on Oath made of the fervice of fuch Summons, to grant a Warrant to bring before them fuch Perfon or Perfons, and if any fuch Perlbn fo attending, or being brought before fuch Juftices (hall refufe to be examined or give their Teftimony touching the Premifies, fuch Perfon fhall by the faid Juitices be committed to the Houfe of Correction until he or (he fiiall fubmit to be examined, and to give Tcilimor.y as aforefaid. And by Sect. 4. The Mayor, Aldermen and Recorder of Lauda:, in their General Sefficns, are to alter, regulate, order and appoint the Wages, and Hours ot Work of Journeymen Taylors, employed in making up Men? or Womens Work in L'.ndc/i, or within five Miles thereof, and to advertise fuch Orders of Sciiions three Times in any two daily News Paper?, which Orders fhall then be observed bv all Taylors and their Journeymen and Servants within the Limits aforefaid.

By Sec7. 6. it is provided, That nothing in this Act fhall extend to fix, controul or regulate, the Wages or Flours of Work of Servants in the faid Bufiaefs of a Taylor, bona f.de retained and employed as Foremen, or to hinder the paying or receiving further or other Wrages (not exceeding Sixpence per Hour in Times of general Mourning, and Threepence per Hour at any

other Time or Times) for working over Hours, . ' © 9 not leis than one Hour at a Time.

And by See!. 7. it is enafted, That if any Mailer Taylor rending or inhabiting within the Limits aforelaid, fhall directly or indirectly, in any Manner whatfuever, retain or employ, any

Servant

4°3

APPENDIX.

Servant, Journeyman or other Perfon, ufing or following the Bufinefs of a Taylor, out of or beyond the Limits aforefaid, with Intent to evade this Aft, and fhall give fuch Journeyman greater Wages than are and fhall be fettled and afcer-tained, he (hall forfeit five Hundred Pounds, to be fued for by Adtion of Debt in any of his Ma-jefty’s Courts of Record at Weftminfter, one Moiety to the King, the other to the Prolocutor.

By Se£l. S. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the next general Quarter-Sefiions, or next General Seffions.

By 4 Geo. 3. Cb. 24. it is enadled, That if any Franking Perfon fhall counterfeit the Hand Writing of Letters, any Perfon whatfoever, in the Superfcriprion of any Letter or Packet, to be lent by the Pofi, in order to avoid the Payment of the Duty of Pollage; every Perfon fo offending, fhall be deemed guilty of Felony, and fhall be tranfpor-ted for feven Years.

And by Sett. 2. Clerks in the public Offices franking Letters without Authority, forfeit five Pounds for the firft Offence, and for the fecond Offence are to be difmifled.

By 5 Geo. 3. Cb. 25. SeG. 2. The Rates of Let- Rate<of Port-ters are as follow, viz. from London to and from ase tmm

Lonc'on to America and

any Port within the Britifh Dominions in Anuric. one Shilling each Letter, double Letter Two, in ,\merjca> Treble Three, and for every Ounce four Shillings-, for Letters conveyed by Sea from one Port within the Britifh Dominions in America to another, Angle Letter Fourpence, Double Light-pence, Treble one Shilling, and f >r every Ounce Sixteenpence; and by Land from any chief Poll

D d

Office

4°4

APPENDIX.

Office eftabiifficd within the Britiffi Dominions in America, from or to any other part of the laid Dominions, not exceeding fixty Britiffi Miles diilant from fuch chief Offices refpeclively, or from the Office where fucli Letters or Packets, not palling through any luch chief Office may be put in, ior every (ingle Letter Fourpence, for-every double Letter Eightpence, lor every treble Letter one Sh.iiing, and for every Ounce one Shilling and Fourpence, and being upwards of fitrtv luch Miles, and no: exceeding one Hundred luch Miles, for everv Jingle Letter Sixpence, ftr every double Letter one Shilling, for every treble Letter one Shilling, and for every Ounce one Shilling and Fourpence; and being upwards of one Hundred fuch Miles, and not exceeding two Hundred fuch Miles, for every tingle Letter Eightpence, for every double Letter one Shilling and Fourpence, for every treble Letter two Shillings, and for every Ounce two Shilliings and Eightpence •, and for every Dillance not exceeding one Hundred fuch Miles beyond fuch two Hundred Miles, and for every fuch further Dillance, for every Angle Letter Twopence, for every double Letter Fourpence, for every treble Letter Sixpence, and for every Ounce Eightpence, and fo in Proportion for every Packet of Deed?, Writs and other Thing?. And by Sd7. 3. No Veflcls to be admitted to make Entry or break Bulk, until the Letters on Beard are delivered to the Poll Office, on Pain of forfeiting twenty Pounds. Not to extend to Ships under Quarentine-, and all Ship Letters not brougnt by Packet Boats, to pay a Penny extra,

By

APPENDIX.	405

By Set!. 5. Rates of Letters in Great Britain Rat«s of Let-and Ireland are as follow, viz. for every (ingleIers Letter not exceeding one whole I’oft Stage from	°

the Office where taken in, Onepcnny, for every Great Britain double Letter Twopence, for every treble Letter and Ireland. Threepence, for every Ounce Fourpence ; and for every Angle Letter above one Poll Stage, and not exceeding two Polt Stages Twopent e, f r every double Letter Fourpence, for every treble Letter Sixpence, and for every Ounce Fight-pence.

By Set!. 17. it is enabled, That if any Deputy, Perrons em-Clerk, Agent, Letter Carrier or other Oihcerwhat-foever, appoiirted or to be hereafter appointed and employed in the Buftnels of the Poll Office, ea.bei.iAng. fhall fecrere, ernbezil or defuoy, any I.etter, Letters, Pac-Packet, Ba" Qr Mail of Letters, which he, (lie kct5> or they fnail and may be refpe&ivrly intruded with, or which (hall have come to his, her or their Hands or Pofiefiion, by Virtue of their re-fpeclive Employments in the laid Pod Office, containing any Bank Note, Bank Poll Bill, Bill of Exchange, Exchequer Bill, South Sea or Eaft India Bond, Dividend Warrant of the Bank,

South Sea, Lift India or any other Company,

Society or Corporation, Navy or Victualling Bill, Seaman’s Ticket, State Lottery Ticket, Goldfmith’s Note for the Payment of Money, or other Bond or Warrant, Bill or Proinidbry Note for the Payment of Money, or American Provincial Bill cf Credit •, or fhall deal and take or Healing out of anv L.etter or Packet that diall come to Bills, Notes, his, her or their Hands or PofTeffion by Virtue out of of their refpective Employments, any fuch Bank LcKers-Note, Bank Poit Bill, Bill of Exchange, Exchequer Bill, South Sea or Eaft India Bond, Di-D d 4	vidend

406

Stealing letter;, ic. from Mails.

Letter Carriers &c. em-beziiir.g Merry received for Potbge,

Or deftroving Letter;, u.c.

APPENDIX.

vidend Warrant of the Bank, South Sea, Eaft India, or any other Company, Society or Corporation, Navy or Victualling Bill, Seaman’s Ticket, State Lottery Ticket, Goldfmith’s Note for the Payment of Money, or other Bond or Warrant, or Promilfory Note for the Payment of Money, or American Provincial Bill of Credit, with Intent to fecrete, embezil or deftroy the fame, every loch O fender or Offenders being thereof convicted, fhail be deemed guilty of Felony, and fhail Suffer Death as a Felon.

By Scot, i S. it is enacted, That if any Per-fon or Perfo.ns whadeever (hall rob any of his Mails, of any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, Bag or Mad ol Letters, although fuch Robbery (bail not appear to be proved to be a taking from the i’erfon, or upon the King’s Highway, or to be a Robbery committed in any Dwelling I loufe or any Coach Houfe, Stable, Barn, or any Outhoufe belonging to a Dwelling Houfe, and although it fnould not appear that any Perfon or Perfons were put in Fear by fuch Robber}-, yet fuch Offenders being thereof convicted full neverthelefs refpectively be deemed guilty of Felony, and lhali fuffer Death as a Felon.

By Seel. 19. it is enafted. That if any Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter Carrier, or other Servant appointed, authorized and intruded to take in Letters or Packets, and receive the Poftage thereof, fhail embezil or apply to his, her or their own Ufe, any Money cr Monies by him, her or them received with fuch Letters or Packets for the Poftage thereof; or fhail burn or otherwife deftroy any Letter or Letters, Packet 0: Packets, by him, her or them lb taken in or

received;

APPENDIX.	407

received •, or who by Virtue of their refpective Offices, ffiall advance the Rates upon Letters or Packets fent by the Poft, and ffiall not duly Ac-°r not account for the Money by him, her or them re-c°muin§ fot ceived for fuch advanced Poftage, every fuch Offender or Offenders being thereof convided, ffiall be deemed guilty of Felony.

And by Sell. 20. it is enaded, That if any Bolt Boy.;

Poft Boy or Rider, having taken any of his Ma-qi,itting 'he jelly's Mails or Bags of Letters or Packets un-der his Care in order to convey the lame to tire next Poft Town or Stage, (hall quit or delert the fame before his Arrival at fuch Poft Town or Stage ; or ffiall fuffer any other Perfon or Per-fons (the Perfon or Perfons employed to guard fuch Mail or Bags of Letters and Packets only excepted) to ride on the Horle or Carriage along "r fu|fer,ng with the Paid Mails or Bags of Letters and Pac-^0"5 10 kets; or fhall loiter on the Road and wilfully mifpend his Time, fo as to retard the Ariival or loitering of the faid Mails or Bags of Letters at the next0" thc RoaiL Poft Town or Stage ; or fhall not in all polTible Cafes convey fuch Mails or Bags of Letters at the Rate of fix Engliffi Miles in an Hour ator not going the leapt; every fuch Offender ffiall, on Convic-f>x Miles per tion before one Juftice of the Peace, be com-Hjur-mitted to the Houfe of Correction to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month, nor lefs than fourteen Days.

And by Sell. 21. If any Poft Boy or Poft Bolt Boys co!-Boys, Rider or Riders, fhall unlawfully colled: letting or Conor receive Letters or Packets, or convey, or vc)'!ng Steers caufe Letters or Packets to be unlawfully con- jyvt!f tleW' veyed, fhall forfeit ten Shillings for every Letter or Packet fo unlawfully colleded, conveyed or delivered, on Convidion before one Juftice of the

Peace,

i.oS

Parift Poor Children within the Buis.

APPENDIX.

Peace, or be committed to the Houfe of Cor-redtion to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding two Months, nor lei's than one Month.

By 7 Geo. 3. Cb. 39. Sett. 1, 2, 3. it is ena<3-ed, That Children born in or received into any of the following Pariihes or thtir Workhouies, Ssc. viz. the feventccn Pariihes without the Walls of London, the twenty-three Pariihes in Middlefex and Surrey, being within the Bills of Mortality, and the Liberty of the Tower of London and the ten Pariihes within the City and Liberty' of IL'efi winder, ihall be taken Care of in the following Manner, viz. Children under fix Years of Age to be lent in the Country not Id’s than three Miles off-, thole under two Years of Age not fuckled by the Mother not lei's than five Miles off; and thofe above two and under fixYears of Age not lefsthan three Miles off; and ihall be maintained at the following Rates, viz. for the firft fix Years of their Age at a Sum not lefs than two Shillings and Sixpence per Week; and from that Time until fuch Child (hall be put out Apprentice or return to the Workhoufe, at a Sum not lefs than two Shillings per Week; and a Reward not lefs than ten Shillings to every Nurfe who takes a Child of or under the Age of nine Months, and ufes it well for a Twelve-month; Cloaths, Phyilck and Funeral to be paid by its Parilh, and fuch Children may be fent to the Foundling Hofpital, by Guardians, Parilli Officers, &c. who are impowered to agree and pay the Expence of the fame.

And by Sect. 14 & 15. it is enacted, That Pa-rifh Children and Foundlings {hall not be Apprenticed for more than feven Years or till twenty-one Years of Age, and the Apprentice Fee

to

4°9

APPENDIX.

to be paid with them, fhall not be left than four Pounds two Shillings; forty Shillings whereof (hall be paid within feven Weeks after executing the Indentures, and the remaining forty-two Shillings when the Apprentice has ferved three Years of his or her Apprenticefnip.

By Sect. 16. All Poor Children thall be regi-(lered in their refpediive Parifhes.

By 2 Geo. 3. Cb. 28. Sect. 13. it is cnafred, That Cutting with if any Perlon or Pcrfons fhall cut, damage or to Heal fpoil any Cordage, Cable, Buoys, Buoy Rope, an>'CordaEc> Headfaft or other fall fixed to any Anchor or^' Mooring belonging to any Ship or Vefi’cl at Anchor or Moorings in the River :Thames, or any Rope ufed for the Purpole of mooring or rafting Malls or Timber, or fhall be aiding or afiilling

'	OO

therein, with an Intent to fteal the fame, fuch Perlon or Perfons (hall, being convided thereof on the Oath of two or more credible Witneffes, be tranfported to ionic of his Majefty’s Plantations in America, lor the Space of feven Years.

And by 2 Geo. 3. Cb. 28. it is among other Bum Boats to Things enacled, for the Security of Goods and be licenfed Merchandize on Board Ships in the River Thames,andregi(\ered that no Bum Boat (hall be there employed as^J^ fuch unlefs duly licenfed, regiftered and numbered as the Law direfls, on Pain of forfeiting forty Shillings, and that where on Conviftion, the Forfeiture of a Boat, &c. is incurred, and no farther Provifion made concerning the fame, the Juftice by his Warrant may order the fame to be burnt within fix Days.

And by Sect. 6. it is enacled, That evey Con- Confables, liable, Headborough and Beadle, and every Headbo-Watchman (during fuch Time as he fhall be on r0“81,s> &c. Duty) of every Parilh and Place where he fhallt0 aPPrc en 4.	be

4io	A P P E N D I X.

be an Officer, (hall and may apprehend and detain, or caufe to be be apprehended and detained, ail and every Perfon and Perfons who may reafonably be fufpefted of having or carrying, or any ways conveying, any Ropes, Cordage, Tackle, Apparel, Furniture, Stores, Ma-wim fuch terials, or any Part of any Cargo or Lading fto-Storej, &c- len or unlawfully procured from or out of anv Ship or Veffiel in the laid River Thames, and carry him or them before any one or more Ju-ftice or Juftices of the Peace; and on Conviction of any of the Mifdemeanors contained in this Aft, the Forfeiture is forty Shillings for the firft Offence, four Pounds for the fer.ond Offence, and four Pounds for every fubfequent Offence.

0 B S E R-

[ 411 ]

OBSERVATIONS on feme fappofed Evils not fujjicuntly provided for by Law.

j. O I NI N G Portugal Money is only v_y mifprifion of Treafon; and Punifhment, Portugal Fine and Imprifontnent; and Diminilhing Per- Money. tugal Coin is fcarce any Offence, none by Statute, and indiftable only as a Mifdemeanor or

Fraud when uttered ----Obs. As this Coin is

become fo frequent in this Kingdom, the ccunt erf citing or diminijhing it, as to the injury of the Public is almofi as great as coining or diminijhing Guineas.

2. It is apprehended, that at prefent, no Per- Witneffes fon can be called out of Scotland to give Evi- from Scotland dence, in a criminal Cale, in any of our Courts "ot 10 of Juftice, by Virtue of a Writ of Subpoena, or EnSd d C° by Warrant from a Secretary of State, unlefs it ° be to give Evidence in Affairs of State; a great Inconvenience this, and may make Scotland a lafe Market for Thieves, and will enable them to fell what they Ileal with Impunity there, as the Buyer may refufe to give Evidence in England.

William Page, the Highwayman committed a Robbery in Middlelex in the Year 1757, and fold a Brace of Piftois he took in that Robbery, at Edinburgh : the Receiver of thefe Piftois could not be obliged by Subpoena, or otherwife, to attend his Trial in Miudlefex, though Lord Hol-dernefs then Secretary of State ufed all pofiible

Means

412

Bigamy.

Informers.

APPENDIX.

Mean? for that Purpofe. Page was therefore acquitted.

3.	Bigamy, by the Laws now in Being, is Felony with Clergy.—Obs. It is a common Obfer-valion, that the Punijhments in England are very unequal to the Offences. How far this may be true in general, I will not pretend to fay; but I am very fare it is egregioujly fo in this Injlance: For I have ?ic! an Idea of a much higher Offence, either in its Nature or Ccrfequcnces, than that of a Man’s marrying feveral virtuous Women at the fame I'ime, fpending their Fortunes, expoftng than to Shame, and dejircying the Peace of fo many Fomilies. V/iihin tkefe few 1 'cars this Critne has been carried to a g-reat Excefs; for I 'myftlf know a Perfon who remains anpunijhed, though he has, at leaf, married and plundered a dozen Women. Query, Should not Clergy be taken from this Offence, or feme more infamous Punifhment than the prefent be provided for fetch Offenders ?

4.	In moll of our Penal Laws a Part of the Penalty is given to the Informer; this has made the Character of an Informer not only odious but dangerous, and leldom or ever produces any but the molt difreputa'ole Witneifes, and has proved a material Ob ft rut; ion to the Execution of many wholeiome Penal Laws; whereas if all Rewards were taken from Informers, other more laudable Motives than that of Gain would take place, and more reputable Witnefles would appear: for I know from Experience, that for one Information laid before me for the Sake of the Reward, I have received ten from Public Spirit; for, at prefent, the moft reputable Witnefles, fharing the Fate of common Informers, are deterred from doing their Duty to the Public •, but the Expence

41

APPENDIX.

pence of fuch Profecutions being allowed out of the Penalty would remove the Evil, and render the Execution of thefe Laws more eal’y.

5.	On the ift of January 1761, a Man was Cutting decoded in malicioufly cutting the Cloaks and Cloathr. Gowns of feveral Women in the Gallery at Covent Garden Play-Houfe, and brought before me;

but by 6 Geo. 1. c. 27. the Punilhmcntfor cutting of Apparel is confined to the Streets and Highways only.—Obs. If tbs Words, or elfewhere, were to be added to this Claufe, it would put 0, total Slop to this contemptible Diverfisn of Bucks, as well as to a malicious Practice ufed by fame Footmen, who frequently cut and fpoil their Liveries, whets their Majlers refufe to give ’em them.

6.	Wine Licences are at prelent granted by Wine the Commiffioners of the Stamp-Office, indif- Licences, criminately to all that apply for them, and without any Reftri&ion whatever by the 30 Geo. 2.

c. 15. This puts it in the Power of the mod: diforderly Perfons to keep a Species of Tavern or Publick Houfe, in Defiance of the Ma-giftrate, and is the chief Support ("Robbery excepted) of the low and infamous Bawdy Houfes.

Query. Should not Perfons taking out Wine Licences, either be obliged to produce proper Certificates of their fober Life and Convention, from the Magiftrate in or near the Parifh where they relide, or elfe to produce'a Juftice of Peace’s Licence, as is done in the Cafe of felling Spirituous Liquors ?

For by 16 Geo. 2. c. 8. it is enatted, That no Licence for retailing Spirituous Liquors (hall be granted to any Perfon or Perfons cvhatfoever, except to fuch Perfons only who (hall keep

4i4	APPENDIX.

Taverns, Viftualling-houfes, Inns, CofFee-houfes, or Ale-houfes.

Poblic hoafea 7. The coo great Number of Publick Houfes their Number, in and near London is one of the great Caufes of the Gaming and other Diforders in them; for there not being fair Cuftom enough tor them

D	O

all, fome of them iuffer Gaming and other Irregularities, to decoy Cuftomers to their Houfes; If this be an Evil, the Removal of it is abfolutely in the Power of the Magiftracy; and it is very well known that many Perfons obtain Licences to keep Publick Houfes merely with an Intention of felling Spirituous Liquors, of which they vend treble the Quantity they do of Beer, which is abfolutely eitablifhing Gin-Shops.

Parifli 4p-	8. Poor Children bound out by Parilhes,

prentices and are too often put at a great Diftance from the infants. Parifh to which they did belong, where, perhaps, they might have fome Friends or Relations, and generally to the lowed: Trades; the chief View of the Overfeer being to get rid of the

O O

Objeft, and to fix his Settlement in another Place.	If	when thefe Children are put

our, a little more was to be fpent in cloathing them, and fomething more given with them, by which they would be received in more reputable Families, would it not in fome Meafure remove the Evil ? Perhaps it would be better to apprentice thefe Children in their own Parifh, as often as may be, and always to Houfekeepers, as Lodgers often take Apprentices for the Sake of the Money, and not till they are 14 Years of Age, as they would then be under the Eye of

2

APPENDIX.

.the Overfeer, the Father-in-law of the Poor.* g. The very fcanty Price given by Parifh Officers for the Maintenance of Nurfe-Childrcn, efpeciall.y from the Month to the Age of two Years, occafions the Lofs of an amazing Number of his Majcfly’s Subjects yearly; for the Party who takes the Child does it from the Motive of Intereft, not of Alfe&ion, and to get any Thing by it from the prefent Price, Neglect of, and ftarving the Infant mult be the Confequence; for Infants are lefs capable of bearing Hard (hips than any other Animal; and it is obfervable that Pariffi Children generally die within the Year. Query, Would not the fixing a certain Price for fuch Nurfe-Children weekly, to the Age of two or three Years, by Law', remove this Evil, and five many Lives ? and Half a Crown a Week inltead of Eighteenpcnce, would, in all ..Probability, anfwer the Purpofe ; and what is a Shilling a Week, when to be paid by a whole

Parifh ?--N.B. Parifh Children are to be

Bound out by the Content of two Juftices, and it often happens that rhefe Indentures are lent by the Beadle to two different Magiftrates to get them figned, without producing before them either Matter, Miftrefs, Apprentice or Pariffi Officer-, by which Means poor Children are frequently put out to improper Perfons, and furely it was intended by the Legiflature that all the Parties ffiould appear before the Juftices, when they fign the Indentures.

io. Barkers at Sale Shops are injurious to that Trade, and to the Subject; the Clubs of

* This is in Part remedied by a late Aft.

E e

Jews

416

Barken.

Portmanteaus

Healing.

SaMU-rs

Quarters.

APPENDIX.

Jews for buying Cloaths, kept at different Parts of the Town, makes, the Difpofal of ftolen Goods eafy. Query, Should not a certain Place be appointed as a Market^ or Shopkeepers li-cenfed for this Purpofe ?

Barkers are Perfons ufually employed by Salefmen in Monmouth-Street, and Rofemary-Lane, who walk before the Doors of the Shops, and by Artince, and often by Force, oblige the unwary to enter into their Shops, which occafions much ImpoGtion, and hurts the fair Trader.

n. The Difficulty of profecuting thofe Robbers who fteal Portmanteaus, Trunks, Boxes, fsV. from behind Poft-Chaifes, Coaches, out of Waggons, Carts, (Sc. and the Lenity of their Punifhment, being only Tranfportation, encourages and encreafes this Gang. Query, If Healing to tiie Value of 401. in this Manner was made capital, would it not flop the Practice ? The Healing to the Value of 40 a. out of any Lighter, or from any Key, being made a capital Offence, has been found of great Ufe. A Principal of the Gang of Portmanteau Stealers being admitted as an Evidence, was afked by the Magiftrate, what would be the belt Method to cure this Evil ? he replied, that nothing 'would do it erfeftually, but making the Offence capital.

12. Many Difputes arife between Publicans and Soldiers in the Foot Guards in Wejlmmjler, on Account of fmall Beer, Fire, (Sc. for as thefe Words are not particularly expreffed in that Part of the Ail of Parliament that relates to the Quartering of theGuards, fome Juftices have con-ilrued this Part of the Aft in Favour of the Landlord, and others in Favour of the Soldiers ;

APPENDIX.	41;

diers ; and the want of Uniformity in the Opinion of Magiftrates on this Part of the Adt railes great Diffatisfadiion: But it has been lately unani-moufly agreed by the Magiftrates of Weftmin-fter, to enforce the Law in this particular, it being clearly within the Adt of Parliament -, but it would be better if the Words were more explicit.

13.	The Difficulty of convidiing Pawnbrokers of taking in Soldiers Linen and Shoes, arifes from the Want of a (landing Mark to be fixed on the faid Linen and Shoes.

14.	Pawnbrokers not being obliged to give Duplicates for all the Goods they receive, is a great inconvenience to the Subjedt, as it puts it in the Power of a Pawnbroker to deny receiving fuch Goods-, and Pawnbrokers not being obliged to fhut up their Shops at eight o’Clock in the Winter and nine in the Summer, within the Bills of Mortality, gives Thieves an Opportunity to pawn Goods immediately after they have committed Robberies, and before they can have any Warnings by Papers or otherwife.

15.	The Accident of firing Chimneys, as they . are very frequent, occafions great Expence to Parifties relative to bringing of Engines, and as thofe Fires arife from the Negiedt of Houfe-keepers, Query, Would it not be right to oblige fuch Inhabitants on thefe Occafions to pay the Rewards prefcribed by Law to the different■ Engines ?

16.	There is at prelent no way to remove bad Removing Lodgers but that expenfive one of Ejectment; Codgers, the Miferies brought on many reputable Families by the artificial Methods of getting Pofief-

fion of Lodgings both Furniflied and Unfur-nifhed, are very great within the Bills of Mor-E e 2	tality.

4i3	APPENDIX.

taiity. Query, Would it not be ufeful to enable the Landlords to double the Rent, when Perfonsfiay after they have received due Notice to go out, viz. weekly Lodgers a Week’s Notice, monthly Lodgers a AlonlPs Notice, and yearly Lodgers a Quarter's Notice ?

17.	There is a great Difficulty in the prefent Houles. Method of fuppreiTwg Bawdy Houfes by Indictment. Query, Would it not be a more effectual Method of reducing this Evil within -proper and political Bounds, by enabling two Jttjlices of the Peace to bear this Matter in a fmnmary IPay, to convift the Offender in a Penalty of five Pounds and Impri-fonment for a Month, allowing appeal to the Quar-ter-Sefftons.

The unfortunate Women commonly called Street Walkers, is an Evil of the molt dreadful Nature, as it daily conveys Diftrefs and Diftem-per to the Families of the Induftrious, and for-row to the Brealts of Parents; for thefe Women by taking their Hands in the Streets in the Night, are indefatigable to miflead the young, unwary or drunken Pafienger to fome common BrotheJ; the number of thefe Women is amazing, their mcreafe beyond theNeceffity of them prodigious; urged by Necefity and accuftomed to Extravagance, they frequently add Robbery to Whoredom ; a Remedy for this Evil is very Difficult, but were there a Poffibility of puniffiing the very common Brothels in a fummary Way, it would be the Means of fuppreffing in lopie Degree, theMif-chief of Street Walkers, at leaft by keeping them within Doors, and if a Power was given to the Magistrate tocommit them in Executionfor any Time not exceeding a Month, or to the Quarter-Sefiion, to hard Labour, it would facilitate the Work; in-1	deed

APPENDIX.	4u

deed I was in hopes that thefe poor Wretches would have found a Paflage to America through the Magdalen, where they might be made uie-ful Servants, and being cut off from their- Connexions, become reputable Members of Society; their Cafe at prefenc is pitiable to the laft Degree.

18.	The Jnftices of the Peace for the City Licences to and Liberty of Weftminfler, have for feveral Years Publicans in licenfed the Public Houfes in the Parilhes where Weftminfler. they refide, and not otherwife, but lately when

the Juftices of one Parifh have refufed Licences to Publicans for very fubftantia] Reafons, Ma-giftrates from other Parilhes have licenfed thofe Houfes; by which Means the Reftraints laid by the Legiftature on the Conduct of Publicans is totally removed. Query, Should not this Prablice be prevented by confining the Magiflrate’s Jurifdiction in this Behalf to the Parijh where he rejfides, making all other Licences void■ and of no Effebi?

19.	Livery Servants are very apt on fudden Livery Difputes to go away and take their Cloaths with Servants, them, for which Offence they are fcarce liable to Punifhment, being only fubjeCt to an Aftion.

Query, Should not■ this be made a Mifdemeanor ?

and punijhable by Imprifonment.

20.	Porters at Inns have long impofed on the Powers at Public, by the exorbitant Demands for ParcelsInns-brought from thofe Inns where Stage Coaches

and Waggons put up in this Metropolis; But if a Price were to be fixed for thefe Parcels, according to the Weight and Diflance, with a Penalty for taking more, this great Evil would be remedied; perhaps 6 d. for any Parcel not exceeding 6 lb. brought from any Diflance not exceeding one Mile, and fo in -

Proper-

420

A P P E N D I X,

Proportion to a certain Sum, might reward the lid dtiftrious and Jatisfy the Public.

21.	The State of the Watch in Weftminfter is The Watch in notorioufly bad and ineffectual, arifmg princi-Weilminfler. pally from the following Caul'es; firft the ACts of Parliament make the Power of the Commif-fioners parochial; this occafions too great a Par-fimony and caufes Confufion on fixing the Watch at the Borders of each Parilh; the pay of the Watchmen is much too little, their Duty tco hard, and they generally lodge out of the Parilh at a great Dillance. As the Watch is a Part of the Civil Power, this Commiffwn flbould be executed by the Magistrates, the Reflcrs of the Parijhes as the Representatives cf fucb Parijhes, and any other Gentleman refiding in Weftminfter having an Eftate cf ioo 1. a Tear-, the Regulations that this Alteration would produce, would be the Means of eftablijh-ing an effectual Watch, and perhaps at the fame Expence as at prefent, and yet the Watchmen would be paid better and relieved once in the Night, and it would anfwer the End, if the Conflables of the Night wet e to be allowed fame thing for that Trouble, provided they executed that Trujl with Fidelity, by flaying at the Watch-Houfe the ftated Hours. Bread.	22. By the Statute of 8 Ann. Ch. 18. The Ju-

ftices of the Peace had Power given them to enter into Bakers Shops and weigh their Bread; this was a great Security to the fair Trader, from the inroads of common Informers, and a terror to the dilhonelt Baker; but by the Statute of 31 Geo. 2. c. 29. containing general Regulations relative to Bread, the whole of the former Statute was repealed, and coniequently that ufeful Claufe which feems to have been overlooked; at prefent one half of the Penalty is given to the Informer,

421

APPENDIX, former, the other half to defray the Expences of the Profecution of the Aft; this has been a great Temptation to common Informers, and has occafioned much Perjury. ’Tis to be wifhed therefore, that the former Claufe relative to the Ju-ftices could be revived.

23.	By the 6th of Ann. Ch. qi. Servants who p;res(,y tt,e occafion Fires by their Neglect, are liable to 18 Negleft of Months Imprifonment, or to pay a Fine of 100/. Servants, and though there are few Fires in London but

what arife from tins Caufe, yet this Law from its great Severity is feldom or never put in Execution. I remember only one Inftance of it myfelf: But if this Penalty were to be altered to 40s. and the Imprifonment to a Month-, there •would be more Examples made, confequenlly it would excite Care and Caution in Domejlicks.

24.	If the Revenue arifing from thefe Li- Hawkers and cences could be fupplied by a Tax on open Pedlars. Shops or any other Means, it would not only be beneficial to the fair Trader, but prevent Impo-

fitions, Frauds and Thefts; for thele Licences give the word fort of Men Pretence to go to lone Houfes in the Country, give them an Opportunity of felling Rolen Goods, of Smuggling; in a Word, it is fruitful of Evils of every Kind.

25.	The letting out Horfes to Hire to Stran- stable gers in this Metropolis is a great Caufe of Rob-Keepers.' bery. If profejfed Stable Keepers were obliged to

keep a Book to enter the Names of Perfons to whom they let Horfes; if they were never to let Horfes but to thdfe whom they know, unlefs they bring fome Perfen with them, known to the Stable Keeper, on a fmall Penalty -, and if any Stable Keeper, who Jhottld have let his Horfe to a ftfpiciotts P erf on, givesNoticc to the Public Office in Bow-Street, before his Horfe

returns

422

APPENDIX.

returns, foeuld not forfeit bis Horfe if the faidPer-fon jhould be taken for a Robbery on the Highway before bis return; it would prepent many Highway Robberies, and would alfo be the Means of detecting fucb as Jhould venture to purfue this dangerous Practice; perhaps if Stable Keepers were obliged to take out a Licence and Number from the Hackney Coach Office, which Number every Horfe let out Jhould wear on a Brafs on the Head-Jtdl of the Bridlethis might be another Check..

Watermen. 26. The prelent Method of punching Watermen for exacting more than their Fare, and other Mifdemeanors in' their Employment, is in a great Meafure ineffectual, from the Trouble it occafions. Perhaps it might be better if the Conduct of tbefe Per Jons were fubjcCt to the Cognizance of the Magiftraie.

BotchersSer- 27' Perfbns driving Cars, Carts and other vanrs driving Carriages, doing Damage to any of his Majefty’s Okd home. Subjects wilfully or negligently, are liable to pay a Penalty or be committed to Prifon. If the Drivers of Oxen from Smilbfield to the .Slaughter Houfes were fubjeCl to the fame Penalties for the like Offence, it might be the Means of faving the Lives of many of his Majefiy's Subjects who are fo frequently gored by what they call over-drove Oxen-, for tbefe Mifchiefs generally arife from the cruelty or folly of the Driver, and if every Butcher was obliged to put a round fmootb Knob of Wood with a Stem to it in the Form of a Mujhootn Button, and a Hole made in the faid Stem to fix upon the Horn cf every Beaft fo pur chafed-, it would in feme Meafure prevent the Effects of their Horns, when they attempt to gore.

28. The Poor are Subjeit to many Inconveniences in this Town, amongft which the fob

lowing

APPENDIX.	423

lowing is not the lead; it has been unfortunately fixed as a Rule by fome Parilh Officers, that a poor Perfon is not to be received even into their own Parifli when they apply for Relief, unlefs Relieving the they are brought by a Pais, which is as much asPoor-to fay go beg in the Streets, be taken up, carried before a Juftice, be whipped or committed to Bridewell, and then you will be fent by a Pals to us, and then we can receive you; for no Perfon can be palled till they become a Vagrant and a Criminal; furely this is adding to the Diftrefs of the moll: miferable, and I have great Reafon to believe, that many poor Wretches have pe-riihed in our Streets for want of feafonable Relief ; to my Knowledge a poor lame Woman, in order to enforce her Settlement in Weftminfter, walked from Overfeer to Overfeer, and from Veftry Clerk to Veftry Clerk in two different Parilhes, and from thence to the War Office,

(her Hulband being ,a SoldierJ near five Miles in one Day, and muft have lain in the Street at laft, had not a Magiftrate fent for the Overfeer of the Parifh where her Settlement was, and delivered her into his Hand. Surely there Jbould be fome Penalty on Parifh Officers thus refu-fmg Relief to .the Poor. Phe humane Method preferred by Law for the Removal of the Poor, is by an Order of two Jufliccs, in which Cafe the Pauper is firft relieved, and then carefully delivered to the Overfeer of the Parifb which they belong to.

29. The common Gaol for the City and Li- Gatehoufe. berty of Weftminfler is the Gatehoufe ; to this Place Debtors, Felons, Cheats and ail other common Offenders in the faid City and Liberty, are liable to be committed, and by the Account of the prefent Gaoler, for fome few Years back F f	there

A P PEN D I X.

there have been 700 or 800 Prifoners in a Year confined in the faid Gaol, and what is aftonilhing to tell, there is no kind of Provifion made for the Subfiftence of thefe Prifoners, except a few trifling Legacies not amounting to 5/. in the Year; indeed they have the Advantage of a begging Box which hangs under the Gateway, but produces a meer Trifle, from a Suppofition that there is fome Provifion for the poor Prifoners; other wife I am fure in a Country of Humanity like this, no one would pafs by the Gate-houfe without putting in his Mite; this Gaol might formerly have been large enough and fuf-ficiendy convenient, but from the increafe of Buildings and Inhabitants in this Metropolis, it rather deferves the Name of a Dungeon than a Gaol, and I am convinced that had it not been for the Humanity the prefer.t Keeper, Mr. Matthew Clark, many Prifoners muft have been ftar-ved to Death ; a good common Gaol where Offenders may be kept fafe and healthful, and be leparated according to the Nature of their Offences, is a Matter of great Confequence to a Metropolis like this, where Offences of every Kind are fo frequent, and truly deferving the public Attention. This Gaol is in a Franchife and belongs to the Dean and Chapter of Weftminfter, who appoint the Gaoler; the Magiftrates of Weftminfter {hocked at the Sicknefs and Diftrels of the Prifoners there, have already applied to that refpeftable Body relative to this Grievance, from whom they have received every Allurance of Concurrence and Affiftance in an application to the Legiflature, to redrefs this Grievance, by giving them Ground for the ereftion of a new Gaol in Tothill Fields, which might be executed

4?S

APPENDIX,

ted at a moderate Expence, by joining it to the Bridewell fituated at that Place, and by other Concefiions and Indulgencies in their Power to grant. And as the new Method of paving and opening the Streets, has given great Beauty and Convenience to this City, taking down the Gate-honfe will open that End of Tothill Street, which when paved in the new Manner will make a fine Road to the Queen’s Palace, Chelfea, &c. I mention this becaufe I would leave no Motive unnoticed that could forward the Execution of a Plan fo neceffary to the good Order of the City and Liberty of Weftminfter, and for which Policy and Humanity call fo loudly. It is apprehended that a Gaol for anfwering this Pur-pofe might be built for 1500 or 2000/. and when built, the County Rate, to which Weftminfter pays fo largely, might endow it.

30.	The eafy Elcape of Offenders of the moft notorious Kind out of this Kingdom at our Sea- Efcapes Ports, efpecially at Harwich and Dover, is a ve- Abroad, ry great Evil; feveral Murderers have efcaped

by this Means within thefe Twelvemonths.-

Query, Should not Per Jons going out of the Kingdom as Poffenders, be obliged to give an Account to the principal Officer of the Cufioms at thefe Ports, at kail give their Names, or bring fome Voucher in Writing, if common Perfons, from the Place whence they came ? Many of our ufeful Manufacturers are carried out of England from Inattention through this Channel; a Penalty on the Mafter of a Ship for raking in any Paflenger from thefe • Ports, who had not given their Name to fuch Officers, might perhaps be ufeful.

3	r. Gaming among the common People is at this Time carried to great Excels, to the ruin of

their

426

APPENDIX.

their families, and to the injury" of the Public; the artful, idle and extravagant are conftantly deluding; and preying upon the weak and unwary as it were with Impunity ; the Laws againft Gaming being Calculated to punilh thofe who win large Sums. Query, If Per fins who win or lofi at one fitting not lefs than 5 s. nor more than jol. at Cards, Dice, Billiards, Shuffle Board, Miflifflppi, Skittles, or any other Game or Device now in Ufe, or hereafter to be invented, were liable to be convifted before two Juftices of the Peace, to pay double-,the Sum fo won or loft, one Half to the Poos-, the other to the Party injured, and to be im-prifined for any Time not exceeding one Month, with an appeal to the Seflion: Would not this in a great Meafure reduce this Evil, fo fatal to Induflry?

FINIS.

___

MVSEVM

BRITAJJNICVM
