ANNO REGNI
Georgii III. Regis,
Magnæ Britanniæ, Franciæ & Hiberniæ,
OCTAVO.
At a GENERAL ASSEMBLY of the Province of PENNSYLVANIA, begun and holden at Philadelphia,
the Fourteenth Day of October, Anno Domini 1767, in
the Seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord
GEORGE III. by the Grace of God, of Great-
Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the
Faith, &c .
And from thence continued by Adjournments to the
Twentieth Day of February, 1768
USTICE
PHILADELPHIA:
Printed and Sold by D. HALL, and W. SELLERS, at the
New Printing -Office, near the Market. MDCCLXVIII .

-31 Hook 8-31-31
:
[ 597 ]
Anno Octavo
GEORGII III. Regis.
An ACT to remove the Perſons now fettled , and
to prevent others from settling, on any Lands
in this Province, not purchased of the Indians.
WHEREAS many disorderly People, in Viola- Preamble.
tion of His Majesty's Proclamation, have pre-
ſumed to ſettle upon Lands not yet purchaſed
from the Indians, to their Damage and great
Diſſatisfaction , which may be attended with dangerous
and fatal Conſequences to the Peace and Safety of this
Province ; BE IT THEREFORE ENACT-
ED by the Honourable JOHN PENN, Eſq;
Lieutenant-Governor, under the Honourable THO-
MAS PENN, and RICHARD PENN,
Eſquires, true and abſolute Proprietaries of the Province of
Pennsylvania, and Counties of New-Castle, Kent and Suffex,
upon Delaware, by and with the Advice and Conſent of
the Repreſentatives of the Freemen of the ſaid Province,
in General Aſſembly met, and by the Authority of the
ſame, That if any Perſon or Perſons, ſettled upon any Perſons ne-
or
Lands within the Boundaries of this Province, not pur- gleufing tore-
chaſed of the Indians by the Proprietaries thereof , ſhall ne- move, after
glect or refuſe to remove themſelves and Families, off and Notice , to
from the fame Lands, within the Space of Thirty Days af fuffer Death.
ter he or they ſhall be required ſo to do , either by fuch
Perſons as the Governor of this Province ſhall appoint for
that Purpoſe, or by his Proclamations, to be ſet up in the
moſt public Places of the Settlements on ſuch unpurchaſed
Lands ; or if any Perſon or Perſons being fo removed, ſhall
afterwards return to his or their Settlement , or the Settle-
ment of any other Perſon, with his or their Family, or
without any Family, to remain and ſettle on ſuch Lands ;
or if any Perſon ſhall , after the ſaid Notice, to be given as
L
aforeſaid, reſide and ſettle on ſuch Lands, every fuch Per-
fon and Perſons ſo neglecting or refuſing to remove with
his

598 Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis.
his or their Family, or returning to ſettle as aforesaid, or
that ſhall fettle on any ſuch Lands after the Requifition or
Notice aforesaid, being thereof legally convicted, by their
own Confeffion, or the Verdict of a Jury, ſhall ſuffer
Death, without the Benefit of Clergy.
PROVIDED ALWAYS NEVERTHELESS,
This Act not That nothing herein contained ſhall be deemed, or conftru-
to extend to
Perfons ſet-
ed to extend to any Perſon or Perſons who now are, or
tled by Per-
hereafter may be ſettled on the main Roads or Commu-
miffion on the nications leading through this Province to Fort Pitt, under
Communica- the Approbation and Permiffion of the Commander in
tions , &c.
Chief of His Majesty's Forces in North-America, or of the
Chief Officer commanding in the Western District to the
Ohio for the Time being, for the more convenient Accom-
modation of the Soldiery and others ; or to fuch Perfon or
Perſons as are or ſhall be fettled in the Neighbourhood of
Fort Pitt , under the Approbation and Permiffion afore-
faid ; or to a Settlement made by George Croghan, Eſq; De- *
puty Superintendant of Indian Affairs under Sir William
Johnfon, on the Ohio, above the ſaid Fort, any thing herein
contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding..
Gentlemen
appointedto
todefray the
Expences of
givingNo-
tice , &c .
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That Jofeph Galloway, Benjamin Chew,
and Jofeph Fox, Eſquires, or the Majority of them, with
the Confent and Approbation of the Governor or Com-
mander in Chief ofthis Province, for the Time being, and
not otherwiſe, ſhall have, receive, and take, out of the re-
maining Part of the Sum appropriated by the Act, inti-
tuled , " An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of
،،
Twenty-three Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, " &c.
for defraying the Expence of the late Indian Treaties, held
at Easton and Lancaster, any Sum or Sums of Money, not
exceeding the Sum of Three Hundred Pounds, and apply,
order and diſpoſe of the fame, for and towards defraying
the neceffary Expences of giving Notice to all Perfons,
fettled upon any of the Lands not purchased of the Indians
as aforesaid, within the Boundaries of this Province, to re-
move from their faid Settlements.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
who are to
Authority aforesaid, That the ſaid Jofeph Galloway, Benja-
draw Orders min Chew, and Jofeph Fox, or a Majority of them, ſhall,
onthe late
Trustees of
and they are hereby enjoined and required to draw Orders
the Loan-Of- on the late Trustees of the General Loan Office of this
fice, &c . Province, for the Purpoſes aforesaid , the fame Purpoſes be-
ing
T
Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III . Regis. 599
ing ſeverally firſt approved of , and agreed to , by the Go-
vernor or Commander in Chief of this Province, for the
Time being ; which Orders ſo drawn, the ſaid late Trustees
ſhall pay and diſcharge out of , and with the Monies afore-
ſaid, and when paid, ſhall be produced to the Committee
of Affembly, for the Time being, and by them be allowed
in Diſcharge of fo much of the Monies remaining in their
Hands, for the Uſes aforesaid.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforefſaid, That if any Perſon or Perſons, after Penalty on
the Publication of this Act, either ſingly, or in Companies, Perfons mak-
ſhall prefume to enter upon any Lands, the fame not being ing Surveys,
of Lands
purchaſed as aforesaid, and make Surveys thereof , mark or not purcha-
cut down Trees thereon, ſuch Perſon or Perſons ſo offend- fed, &c.
ing, and being legally convicted in any Court of Quarter
Seffions of the County where ſuch Offender ſhall be appre-
hended (in which faid Court the ſame Offence ,is hereby
made cognizable) by the Oath or Affirmation of one or
more Witneſſes, or by the Confeffion of the Party, every
Perſon ſo offending, ſhall forfeit and pay for every ſuch
Offence , the Sum ofFifty Pounds, and ſuffer three Months
Imprisonment, without Bail or Mainprize ; one Moiety of
which Fine ſhall be paid to the Profecutor ; and the other
Moiety to the Overſeers of the Poor of the Townſhip
where fuch Offender ſhall reſide, for the Ufe of the Poor
of the ſaid Townſhip, if reſident within this Province ; if
otherwise, for the Uſe of the Poor where ſuch Offender
ſhall be apprehended.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That all Offences, by this Act declared Offences de- .
• Capital, or Felonies of Death, ſhall be enquired of , heard , clared Capi-
adjudged and determined before the Juſtices of the Su - tal by this
Act , to be
preme Court, or the Juſtices of the Courts of Oyer and tried in Phi-
Terminer and General Goal Delivery, to be held in the ladelphia, &c
County of Philadelphia, by Inqueſt, Indictments and Ver-
dicts, to be taken of good and lawful Men, Inhabitants of
the ſame County, in like Manner and Form as if fuch Ca-
pital Offence or Offences had been committed, perpetrated
and done, within the faid County, any Law, Cuſtom or
Uſage, to the contrary thereof , in any wife notwithstanding.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That this Act ſhall continue in Force Limitation .
during the Term of one Year, and from thence to the End
• of the next Sitting of Affembly, and no longer.
Paffed February 3 , 1768 .
7 R An
:
600
Preamble.
ノ
1
J
Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis.
An ACT for raising and applying the Sum of
Three Thousand Pounds towards removing the
present Discontent of the Indians, regaining their
Friendship, and for other Purposes therein men-
tioned.
WHEREAS, in the preſent critical Situation of In-
dian Affairs, which threatens this and His Majesty's
other Colonies, with a Rupture with the Natives, it is pru-
dent and neceſſary to remove every juſt Cauſe, arifing with-
in this Province, which has given them Diſcontent, and,
if poffible, to restore the Friendſhip and Alliance lately
ſubſiſting between them and this Government : AND
WHEREAS it is expected, that a Sum of Money, laid
out and expended in Preſents of Condolance, for the Num-
ber of Indians who have been killed within this Province,
⚫and other Gifts, may have a good Tendency towards this
falutary End : AND WHEREAS by an Act of General
Aſſembly, paſſed in the Seventh Year of His Majesty's
Reign, intituled, " An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty
" Thousand Pounds, for the Support of the Government of
" this Province, and Payment of the public Debts, " the Pro-
vincial Treafurer was enjoined and required, out of the cur-
rent Bills of Credit of this Province, arifing from the Excife
on fpirituous Liquors, from time to time, to pay off and
Diſcharge the Bills of Credit , made and emitted by Virtue
of the ſaid recited Act; and upon Payment thereof , to re-
ceive the fame Bills of their respective Bearers, and to de-
liver over the ſame to ſuch Committees of Afſembly,
as ſhould be annually appointed to ſettle the public Ac-
counts, to be by them burnt, funk and destroyed : AND
WHEREAS there is now in the Hands of the faid
Treaſurer, the faid Sum of Three Thousand Pounds, of the
faid laſt mentioned Bills, as yet not delivered over to the faid
Committees, which it is expedient ſhould be appropriated
and applied to the Purpoſes aforesaid , instead of being im-
mediately funk and destroyed; BE IT THEREFORE
ENACTED by the Honourable JOHN PENN, Efq;
Lieutenant Governor, under the Honourable THOMAS
PENN, and RICHARD PENN, Eſquires, true
and abfolute Proprietaries of the Province of Pennsylvania,
and Counties of New-Castle, Kent and Suffex, upon Dela-
ware, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Repre-
ſentatives of the Freemen of the faid Province, in General
Afiembly met, and by the Authority of the fame, That the
faid Provincial Treasurer ſhall, and he is hereby enjoined and
required,
Σ
Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis. 601
required, to retain in his Hands ſo much of the ſame Bills Provincial
of Credit, received by him as aforesaid, and not as yet de- Treasurer to
retain 30001.
livered over to the faid Committees of Affembly, any thing inhis Hands ;
in the ſaid recited Act to the contrary thereof notwithstand-
ing. And that Jofeph Galloway, James Pemberton, and
William Logan, Eſquires, or a Majority of them, with the
Confent and Approbation of the Governor or Commander
in Chief of this Province, for the Time being, and not
otherwiſe, ſhall order, appropriate and apply the faid Bills,
fo retained by the ſaid Treasurer, for and towards defraying Manner how
the Expence of Preſents of Condolance, and ſuch other the fame is to
be appropri-
Gifts as ſhall be neceſſary to remove the preſent Diſcontent ated , &
of the Indians, and for the Payment of the Reward, of-
fered by the Governor of this Province, for the apprehend-
ing Frederick Stump, and other Expences relating to Indian
Affairs. Andthat the faid Jofeph Galloway, James Pember-
ton, and William Logan, Eſquires, or a Majority of them,
ſhall, and they are hereby required, with the Affent and
Approbation of the Governor or Commander in Chief a-
foreſaid, as often as there ſhall be Occafion, for the Purpoſes
aforeſaid, to draw Orders on the faid Treasurer ; which Or-
ders, ſo drawn and paid, ſhall be produced to the Commit-
tees of Affembly for the Time being, and by them allowed
in Diſcharge of fo much of the ſaid Bills of Credit, hereby
appropriated to the Purpoſes aforesaid.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That fo much of the Act of General Part of the
Aſſembly of this Province, paſſed in the Thirtieth Year ofExcife Act
extended one
the Reign of his late Majesty George the Second, intituled, Year longer,
" An Act forstriking the Sum of Thirty Thousand Pounds, &c .
" in Bills of Credit, and giving the fame to the King's Ufe,
" and for providing a Fund for finking the faid Bills of
" Credit so to be emitted , by laying an Excise upon Wine,
" Rum, Brandy and other Spirits , " as relates to the raiſing,
levying, collecting and paying the Excife upon Wine, Rum,
Brandy and other Spirits, and all other the Duties, Fines,
Penalties, Matters and Things, relative to the ſaid Excife,
directed and enjoined in and by the faid laſt recited Act,
ſhall be, and are hereby further continued, for and during
the Space of One Year, over and above the Space of Four
Years, during which Term they were continued by the Act
herein before firſt recited, and from thence to the End of
the next Sitting of Aſſembly. And that the ſaid Treaſurer
ſhall , and he is hereby enjoined and required, out of the
Monies which ſhall come to his Hands, arifing by the Exciſe
from time to time, during the Term for which the faid Ex-
ciſe Act now, and by this Act ſtands continued, pay off and diſcharge
:
1
602 ۱
f
Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis.
diſcharge all and every the faid Bills of Credit, hereby ap-
plied and appropriated to the Purpoſes aforesaid; and ſhall,
upon fuch Payment, receive the fame Bills of their reſpect-
ive Bearers, and ſhall yearly, as they come to his Hands,
deliver over the ſame to ſuch Committees of Aſſembly as
ſhall be annually appointed to ſettle the public Accounts, to
beby them burnt , funk and destroyed.
Paffed February 17, 1768.
An ACT to continue an Act, intituled, " An
" Act for laying a Duty on Negroes and Mu-
" lattoe Slaves, imported into this Province ; "
and another Act, intituled, " A Supplement to
،،
an Act, intituled, An Act for laying a Du-
،،
ty on Negroes and Mulattoe Slaves imported
" into this Province. "
WHEREAS the Act intituled , " AnAct for lay-
" ing a Duty on Negroes and Mulattoe Slaves, im-
" ported into this Province , " paſſed in the First Year of His
preſent Majesty's Reign ; and the Act intituled, " A Sup-
" plement to the Act, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty
" on Negroes and Mulattoe Slaves, imported into this Pro-
" vince, " paſſed in the fame Year of the Reign of His
preſent Majesty, are near expiring, by their own Limitation ;
AND WHEREAS the faid Acts have been found by
Experience to be of public Utility ; BE IT THERE-
FORE ENACTED by the Honourable JOHN
PENN, Eſq; Lieutenant-Governor, under the Honour-
able THOMAS PENN, and RICHARD
PENN, Eſquires, true and abſolute Proprietaries of the
Province of Pennsylvania, and Counties of New-Castle,
Kent, and Suffex, upon Delaware, by and with the Ad-
vice and Conſent of the Repreſentatives of the Freemen
of the faid Province, in General Aſſembly met , and by the
Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Acts of Ge-
neral Aſſembly be, and the fame, and every Article, Clauſe
and Thing therein contained, are hereby declared to be
continued in full Force, from the Publication hereof , for
the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of
the next Sitting of Affembly, and no longer.
Paffed February 20, 1768.
An
1
Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis. 603
An ACT to amend the Act, intituled, " AnAct
" for the better Employment, Relief and Support
،،
of the Poor within the City of Philadelphia,
" the District of Southwark, the Townships of
66 Moyamenſing and Paſſyunk, and the North-
" ern Liberties ."
WHEREAS by theAct of General Affembly ofPreamble .
paſſed in the Sixth Year of His pre-
ſent Majesty's Reign, intituled, " An Act for the better
"
Employment, Relief and Support of the Poor within the
66
City of Philadelphia, the District of Southwark, the
66
Townships of Moyamenfing and Paſſyunk, and the North-
" ern Liberties," the Overſeers of the Poor of the City
of Philadelphia, the Diſtrict of Southwark, the Townſhips
of Moyamenfing and Paffyunk, and the Northern Liber-
ties, are directed to pay the Monies, by them reſpec-
tively levied and raiſed from Time to Time, for the
Maintenance, Support and Employment of their reſpective
Poor, to the Treasurer of the Corporation of Contributors
to the Relief and Employment of the Poor in the City of
Philadelphia, after having deducted the Charges arifing from
the Reception and Removal of their reſpective Poor :
AND WHEREAS the Overſeers of the Poor of the
ſaid Diſtrict, and Townſhips, have neglected to levy, raiſe
and pay to the Treasurer aforesaid, a Sum of Money ſuffi-
cient for the Support and Employment of the Poor : For
Remedy whereof , BE IT ENACTED by the Ho-
nourable JOHN PENN, Eſq ; Lieutenant-Governor,
under the Honourable THOMAS PENN, and
RICHARD PENN, Eſquires, true and abſolute
Proprietaries of the Province of Pennsylvania, and Counties
of New-Castle, Kent and Suffex, upon Delaware, by and
with the Advice and Conſent of the Repreſentatives of the
Freemen of the faid Province, in General Affembly met,
and by the Authority of the fame, That it ſhall and may Overſeers of
be lawful for any two Juftices of the Peace of the County, the Poor to
levy aand any two Aldermen of the City of Philadelphia, upon by Warrant
Complaint made to them, by the Managers elected by the from two
Contributors to the ReliefandEmployment ofthe Poor in the County Ma-
giftrates, and
City of Philadelphia, or a Majority of them, that a Sum of two Alder-
Moneyis wanting, or likely ſo to be, to fupport and employ men, &c.
the Poor in the Houſe of Employment in the ſaid City, to
iſſue their Order or Warrant, under their Hands and Seals,
directed to the Overſeers of the Poor of the faid City, District
7 S and
}
}
:
604 Anno Regni Oftavo GEORGII III . Regis.
Penalty on
their Neglect
or Refufal.
and Townſhips, enjoining and requiring them forthwith to
levy, collect and raiſe , ſuch and the fame Rate, by a joint
Affefſment, on all Eſtates, real and perſonal, and Taxables
within the City, District and Townſhips aforesaid, as to the
faid Juſtices, and Aldermen, ſhall appear neceſſary for the
Purpoſes aforesaid, any Thing in the faid recited Act to the
contrary thereof in any-wife notwithstanding. And if any
of the faid Overſeers ſhall neglect or refuſe to levy, col-
lect and raiſe the ſaid Rate, and to pay the fame, after the
Charges arifing from the Reception and Removal of their
refpective Poor, and of collecting the faid Rate, are deduct-
ed, within Two Months after the Receipt of fuch Order
or Warrant, every fuch Overſeer, being thereof legally con-
victed, ſhall forfeit and pay to the Contributors for the Re-
lief and Support of the Poor in the City of Philadelphia,
the Sum of One Hundred Pounds , to be applied by the faid
Managers for the Ufe of the faid Poor.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Penalty on
Authority aforesaid, That the ſeveral Overſeers of the Poor
Overſeers ne- of the City, District and Townſhips aforesaid, ſhall, and they
glecting or
refuſing to are hereby enjoined and required to collect the Afſeſſments
collect the by them, and every of them, already made ; and after de-
Taxes alrea- ducting the Expences of ſupporting their reſpective Poor,
dylevied ,
४८ .
before they were received in the faid Houſe of Employ-
ment, pay the Ballances remaining in their reſpective Hands,
.
to the Treaſurer of the Corporation aforesaid, for the Sup-
port of the Poor thereof ; and upon Refuſal or Neglect to
collect and pay as aforesaid, each and every of the faid
Overſeers, upon being legally convicted thereof , ſhall for-
feit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to the Uſes aforesaid .
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Limitation. Authority aforesaid, That this Act ſhall be, and is hereby
declared to be in full Force, from Publication hereof ,
for and during the Space of One Year, and from thence to
the End of the next Sitting of Affembly, and no longer.
Paffed February 20, 1768.
1
An
Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III . Regis. 605
An ACT for appropriating a Sum of Money,
for building the middle House, on the West Side
of the Barracks, in the Northern Liberties of
the City of Philadelphia.
WHE THEREAS by an Act of General Afſembly of Preamble.
this Province, paſſed in the Third Year of His
preſent Majesty's Reign, intituled, " An Actfor preventing
" Abuſes in the Indian Trade , " &c. directing the Commif-
fioners for Indian Affairs to pay unto the Provincial Trea-
furer the Ballance in their Hands, after ſettling their Ac-
counts, there remains a Sum of Money, Part whereofis in
the Hands of the ſaid Treasurer, and a further , Sum yet
due, and to be paid to him : AND WHEREAS it
is neceſſary, for the more convenient Accommodation of
the Chief Officer, from Time to Time commanding His
Majesty's Troops quartered in the Barracks of the Northern
Liberties of the City of Philadelphia, that the Houſe in-
tended for his Reſidence ſhould be finiſhed ; BE IT
THEREFORE ENACTED by the Honourable
JOHN PENN , Efq ; Lieutenant - Governor, under the
Honourable THOMAS PENN , and RICHARD
PENN, Eſquires, true and abſolute Proprietaries of the
Province of Pennsylvania, and Counties of New-Castle,
Kent, and Suffex, upon Delaware, by and with the Ad-
vice and Confent of the Repreſentatives of the Freemen
ofthe faid Province, inGeneral Affembly met , and by the
Authority of the fame, That Jofeph Galloway, Benjamin Gentlemen
Chew, Jofeph Fox, and John Rofs, Eſquires, or a Majority appointed to
ofthem, with the Conſent and Approbation of the Gover- appropriate Money
nor or Commander in Chief ofthis Province, for the Time for building,
being , and not otherwiſe, ſhall order, apply and appropri- & .
ate , ſo much of the Monies aforeſaid, remaining in, and
to be paid into, the ſaid Treaſurer's Hands, as ſhall be ne-
ceſſary, for and towards building, erecting and finiſhing the
faid Houſe, and inclofing the ſaid Barracks with a Brick
Wall, levelling the Yard thereof , and covering the fame
with Gravel.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That the ſaid Jofeph Galloway, Benja- who are to
min Chew, Jofeph Fox, and John Rofs, Eſquires, or a Ma- draw Orders
on the Pro-
jority of them, ſhall, and they are hereby enjoined and re- vincial Trea-
quired to draw Orders on the Provincial Treaſurer, for the furer, &c.
Purpoſes aforeſaid , the ſame Purpoſes being firſt ſeverally
approved of and agreed to by the Governor of Commander in
:
:
!
606 Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis.
in Chief of this Province, for the Time being ; which Or-
ders, ſo drawn, the faid Treasurer ſhall pay and diſcharge,
out of , and with the Monies ſo remaining, and to be paid
into his Hands ; which faid Orders, when paid by the faid
Treaſurer, ſhall be by him produced to the Committee of
Afſſembly for the Time being, and by the faid Committee
allowed, in Diſcharge of ſo much of the Monies appro-
priated by this Act to the Purpoſes aforesaid.1
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Part of a for- Authority aforesaid, That ſo much of the faid recited Act
mer Law re- of Affembly, and no more, as is hereby altered, changed,
pealed . contradicted or fupplied, ſhall be, and is hereby declared
to be repealed, null and void, to all Intents and Purpoſes.
Paffed February 20, 1768.
Preamble.
An ACT for raising, by Way of Lottery, the
Sum of Five Thousand Two Hundred and
Fifty Pounds, for purchasing a Public Landing
in the Northern Liberties, and paving the
Streets of the City of Philadelphia .
WHEREAS it has been repreſented to the Affem-
bly of this Province, by Petition from ſundry In-
habitants of the City of Philadelphia, and Liberties thereto
adjoining, that the few public Landings at the North End
of the faid City, and in the faid Liberties thereof , are ſcarcely
fufficient for the Accommodation of its preſent Inhabitants,
and the King's Barracks : AND WHEREAS it hath
been alſo repreſented, from the Commiſſioners for pitching
and paving the Streets, Lanes and Alleys of the City of
Philadelphia, that the Monies granted or lent for pitch-
ing, paving and keeping clean the ſaid Streets , &c. for
ſome Time paſt, have all been expended ; that the an-
nual Taxes on the Inhabitants amounted to no more, than
ſcarcely fufficient to pay Scavengers, and make the ne-
ceſſary Repairs in the Pavements ; and that a confiderable
Part of the faid City remains ſtill unpaved, to the great In-
convenience, as well of Travellers, as of the Inhabitants
of faid City ; to provide for which, BE IT EN-
ACTED by the Honourable JOHN PENN, Eſq;
Lieutenant - Governor, under the Honourable THOMAS
PENN , and RICHARD PENN, Eſquires, true
and abſolute Proprietaries of the Province of Pennsylvania, and
Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III . Regis. 607
and Counties of New-Castle, Kent and Suſſex, upon Dela-
ware, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Repre-
ſentatives of the Freemen of the faid Province, in General
Aſſembly met, and by the Authority ofthe fame, That Phi- Managers
lip Syng, Samuel Miles, John Chevalier, Thomas Salter, John Names.
Gibson, and Thomas Bond , junior, of the City of Philadelphia,
and Peter Knight, ofthe Northern Liberties of the ſaid City,
Gentlemen, ſhall be, and they are hereby nominated and
appointed Managers and Directors of the Lottery, hereby
inſtituted and directed to be drawn, for the preparing and
difpofing of Tickets, and to overſee the drawing of the
Lots, and to order and perform all fuch other Matters and
Things as are herein after directed and appointed, by fuch
Managers and Directors to be done and performed ; and
that the faid Managers, or a major Part of them, ſhall
meet together at ſome convenient Place, by them to be ap-
pointed, for the Execution of the Powers and Truſt re-
poſed in them by this Act, and ſhall cauſe four different
Setts of proper Books to be prepared, in which each Leaf
ſhall be divided and diftinguiſhed into three Columns; and
upon the Innermoft , or firſt of the three Columns, there
ſhall be printed Five Thousand Tickets, numbered One,
Two, Three, and ſo onwards, in an arithmetical Progref-
ſion, where the common Exceſs is to be One, until they
raiſe to and for the Number of Five Thousand ; and upon
the middle Column of every of the faid Books, there ſhall
be printed Five Thousand Tickets, of the fame Breadth and
Form, and numbered in like Manner ; and in the extreme
Column of the faid Books, there ſhall be printed a third
Rank or Series of Tickets, ofthe fame Number with thoſe
of the other two Columns ; which Tickets ſhall be joined
with oblique Lines or Devices, in ſuch Manner as the faid
Managers ſhall direct ; and that every of the laſt mentioned
Tickets ſhall have written or printed thereupon (befides
the Number of ſuch Tickets, and the Claſs to which it
doth belong, and the Year of our Lord) the following
Words, viz.
PHILADELPHIA PUBLIC LOTTERY.
" THIS Ticket intitles the Bearer to fuch Prize as may Words of the
" be drawn against its Number, ifdemanded in Nine Months Ticket.
66 after the Drawing is finished ; fubject to a Deduction of
" Fifteen per Cent. "
THAT every of the Tickets in the firſt Sett of Books Claſſes to be
ſo prepared, ſhall likewiſe have printed thereon, Claſs the diftinguished
by First, SeFirst ; that every ofthe Tickets in the ſecond Sett ofBooks cond , &c.
7 T fo
:
608 Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III, Regis.
ſo prepared, ſhall have printed thereon, Claſs the Second ;
that every of the Tickets in the third Sett ofBooks ſo pre-
pared, ſhall have printed thereon, Claſs the Third ; and that
every of the Tickets in the fourth Sett of Books ſo pre-
pared, ſhall have printed thereon, Claſs the Fourth.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Managers Authority aforesaid, That the ſaid Managers ſhall have full
impowered to Power and Authority to fell anddiſpoſe of , to ſuch Perfon
fell and dif-
poſe of the or Perſons as ſhall chuſe to adventure in the ſaid Lottery,
Tickets, &c . the ſaid Tickets of the extreme Column aforesaid, at the
following Rates, viz. The Five Thousand ofthe firſt Claſs,
for Twenty Shillings each ; Five Thousand of the ſecond
Claſs, for Thirty Shillings each ; Five Thousand of the
third Claſs, for Forty Shillings each ; and the Five Thou-
ſand of the fourth Claſs, for Fifty Shillings each. Andup-
on the Receipt of ſuch Sum of Twenty Shillings aforesaid,
ſhall deliver to the Adventurer one of the Tickets in the
first Claſs ſo ſold, figned by one of the ſaid Managers, and
cut out of the faid Books, through the faid oblique Lines
and Devices indentwife, to be kept and uſed, for the bet-
ter aſcertaining and ſecuring his, her or their Intereſt in
faid Ticket, in caſe it ſhould be fortunate.
AND after the Drawing the ſaid first Claſs, as here-
After draw-
in after directed, and publiſhing the fortunate Numbers in
ing the firſt
Claſs , &c .
the public News-papers in Philadelphia, and after paying
Managers to
the Prizes ſo drawn, the ſaid Managers ſhall have the like
diſpoſe of Tickets in
Authority to fell and diſpoſe of the Tickets in the ſecond
the second,
४८ .
Claſs, and ſhall , upon the Receipt of Thirty Shillings, de-
liver to the Adventurer one of the Tickets in the ſecond
Claſs, cut out in Manner and for the Uſes aforeſaid ; and
after drawing the ſaid ſecond Claſs, as herein after directed,
and publiſhing the fortunate Numbers in Manner aforeſaid,
the faid Managers, after paying the Prizes ſo drawn in faid
ſecond Claſs, thall have the like Authority to ſell and dif-
poſe of the Tickets of the third Claſs, and ſhall, upon the
Receipt of Forty Shillings, deliver to the Adventurer one
of the Tickets in the third Claſs, cut out in Manner and
for the Uſes aforesaid ; and after drawing the ſaid third
Claſs, as herein after directed, and publiſhing the fortunate
Numbers in Manner aforesaid, the ſaid Managers, after pay-
ing the Prizes ſo drawn in ſaid third Claſs, ſhall have the
like Authority to fell anddiſpoſe of the Tickets of the fourth
Claſs, and ſhall , upon the Receipt of Fifty Shillings , deliver
tothe Adventurer one of the Tickets in the fourth Claſs,
cut out in Manner and for the Uſes aforesaid. AND
Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis. 609
A.ND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That the ſaid Managers ſhall nominate Managers to
andi appoint one reputable Perſon, to be the Treasurer or appoint a
Treafurer,
Receiver of the Monies arifing from the Sale of the ſaid who is togive
Tickets , taking from the ſaid Treaſurer or Receiver ſuch Security, &c .
Security, for the due anſwering and paying of the Monies
which he ſhall receive in Pursuance of the Directions of
this Act, and for the true Performance of the Trust in him
repoſed, as the ſaid Managers, or any four of them, ſhall
judge reaſonable and fufficient in that Behalf ; to which ſaid
Treaſurer the ſaid Managers ſhall, from Time to Time,
pay over the ſeveral Sums of Money that ſhall reſpectively
remain in their Hands, on and after the Payment of the
Prizes in the ſeveral Claſſes of this Lottery; for which faid
Sums of Money, they the ſaid Managers reſpectively ſhall
take a Receipt, ſigned by the ſaid Treasurer.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That after all the faid Tickets of the Tickets in
the first Claſs
third or extreme Column , inthe firſt Claſs, ſhall be fold as beingallfold ,
aforeſaid, the ſaid Managers, or any four of them, ſhall Managers to
cauſe all the Tickets of the middle Column, in the ſaid cauſe thoſe in
the middle
Books of the ſaid firſt Claſs, to be carefully rolled up, and Column tobe
made faſt with Thread or Silk, the ſame being cut out ofthe rolled up,
ſaid Books indentwiſe, through the ſaid oblique Lines or andput into
aBox, mark-
Devices, and ſhall cauſe to be put into a Box, to be prepared ed A, &c.
for that Purpoſe, marked with the Letter A , and to be im-
mediately after ſealed with the ſeveral Seals of the ſaid Ma-
nagers, until the ſaid Tickets are to be drawn, as is herein
after mentioned; and that the Tickets of the firſt or inner-
moſt Columns of the faid Books, ſhall remain ſtill in the
faid Books, for the diſcovering any Mistake or Fraud , if
ſuch ſhould happen to be committed, contrary to the true
Meaning of this Act.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforeſaid, That the ſaid Managers, or any four of
them, ſhali alſo prepare, or cauſe to be prepared, Blanks
and Prizes, in Manner and Form following. For the firſt
Claſs Five Thousand Tickets, ofwhich Number One Thou-
ſand and Seventy Eight to be Prizes ; on which fortunate
Tickets or Prizes ſhall be written, or otherwise expreſſed,
as well in Figures as in Words at Length, in Manner fol-
lowing; that is to ſay , upon One of them, Three Hundred Number and
Pounats; upon Three other of them ſeverally, One Hundred Value of for-
tunate TickPounals; upon Four other of them ſeverally, Fifty Pounds ; ets in the firſt
upon 'I en other of them ſeverally , Twenty Pounds ; upon Claſs, &c.
Twenty
610 Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis.
Twenty other of them ſeverally, Ten Pounds ; upon Forty
other of them ſeverally, Five Pounds ; and upon One Thou-
ſand other of them ſeverally, Fifty Shillings ; which prin-
cipal Sums, ſo to be expreſſed upon the ſaid Tickets, will a-
mount in the whole to Three Thousand Nine Hundred
Pounds ; out of which and every of the ſaid fortunate Tick-
ets, in all and every of the Claſſes aforesaid, or Sums there-
on expreſſed, the ſaid Managers are hereby authorized and
required to deduct Fifteen per Centum, and no more, a-
mounting in the whole to Five Thousand Two Hundred and
Fifty Pounds, the Sum intended for the Uſes and Purpoſes
in this Act hereafter mentioned and ſpecified.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Prizes and
Authority aforesaid , That the ſaid Managers, or any four of
Blanks to be them, ſhall cauſe all the above mentioned fortunate Tickets
rolled up,
and put into or Prizes of the firſt Claſs, written upon as aforeſaid, toge-
a Box, mark- ther with Three Thousand Nine Hundred and Twenty
edB, &c. Two Blanks, to be carefully rolled up , and fastened with
Silk or Thread, and put into another Box, to be prepared
for that Purpoſe, and marked with the Letter B, and fealed
up with the ſeveral Seals of the faid Managers, and carefully
kept by them, until thoſe Tickets ſhall be drawn, in Man-
ner and Form herein after mentioned.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Managers to Authority aforesaid, That the faid Managers, or any four of
cauſe the them, ſhall cauſe the faid Boxes, with all the Tickets there-
Boxes, with
the Tickets, in, to be carried to fome public and convenient Room, by
to be carried Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon, and placed on the Ta-
to aconveni- ble there for that Purpoſe, and ſhall then and there ſeverally
ent Room for
drawing, & c . attend this Service , and cauſe the two Boxes, containing
the faid Tickets, to be unſealed and opened ; and the Tick-
ets, or Lots, in the ſaid Boxes being, inthe Prefence of the
faid Managers, and ſuch of the Adventurers as ſhall think
proper to be there, well ſhaken and mingled in each Box
diftinctly, fome one indifferent and fit Perſon, to be ap-
pointed and directed by the ſaid Managers, or any four of
them, ſhall take out and draw one Ticket from the Box A ,
where the faid numbered Tickets ſhall be as aforeſaid put,
and one other indifferent and fit Perſon, to be appointed and
directed in like Manner, ſhall at the fame Time take out a
Ticket or Lot from the Box B, where the faid One Thou-
ſand and Seventy Eight fortunate, and the Three Thousand
Nine Hundred and Twenty Two blank Tickets, ſhall be
promifcuoufly put as aforesaid, and immediately the Tickets
ſo drawn ſhall be opened, and the Number of the Tickets
drawn
Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis. 611
drawn from the Box A , and whether it be a Prize or Blank,
and if a Prize, what Value it be, ſhall be called aloud ;
which numbered Ticket, with its Prize or Blank ſo drawn,
ſhall be put on a File, and the fame entered in Books by
Clerks, which the Managers, or any four of them, ſhall
employ and overſee for this Purpoſe ; and ſo the Drawing
to continue, by taking one Ticket at a Time out of each
Box , and with opening , naming aloud, filing the fame, and
by entering the fame in Books as is before mentioned , until
the whole Five Thousand Tickets in each Box be compleat-
ly drawn; and if the fame cannot be performed in one
Day, the faid Managers ſhall cauſe the faid Boxes to be feal-
ed up in Manner aforesaid, and adjourn till the next Day,
and fo from Day to Day (Sundays excepted) and then open
the fame, and proceed as before, till the Drawing of the
Tickets be finiſhed and compleated as aforesaid ; and after-
wards the faid Tickets ſo drawn, ſhall be and remain in a
ſtrong Box, fealed up as aforesaid, and under the Custody
of the faid Managers, until they ſhall take them out to ex-
。
amine, adjuſt and fettle the Property thereof .
AND, to the End that the Fortunate may know their
Succeſs in the faid Lottery, BE IT ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That as foon as the Drawing of any of TheDrawing
the Claſſes is over, the ſaid Managers are hereby enjoined of any Clafs
being finiſha
and required, to cauſe to be printed and publiſhed in the ed , the for-
Pennsylvania Gazette, in the Pennsylvania Chronicle, and in tunate Num
the Pennsylvania Journal , the Numbers ofthe Tickets drawn bers to be
publiſhed ,
against each fortunate Ticket, and the principal Sum writ- &c .
ten on the ſame ; and if any Dispute ſhall arife in adjusting
the Property of any ofthe faid fortunate Tickets, in any
of the Claffes, the ſaid Managers, or a major Part ofthem,
ſhall determine to whom it doth and ought to belong, and
ſhall alſo make the Deductions aforesaid out of each of the
ſaid fortunate Tickets, for the raiſing the Monies aforeſaid.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforeſaid, That the ſaid Managers, having drawn
the firſt Claſs, publiſhed the fortunate Numbers of the
fame, and fold the Tickets ofthe third or extreme Column
ofthe fecond Claſs, the ſaid Managers, or any four of them,
ſhall cauſe the Tickets of the middle Column, in the Books
of the faid fecond Claſs, to be carefully rolled up, and
made faſt with Thread or Silk, as ordered and directed to
be done in the firſt Claſs, and put up in the fame Manner,
in the Box prepared for that Purpoſe, markedA; and ſhall
alſo prepare, or cauſe to be prepared, Five Thousand Blanks
7 U and
+
612 Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis.
and Prizes, for the ſecond Claſs ; to wit, Three Thousand
Eight Hundred and Eighty-two Blanks, and One Thou-
ſand One Hundred and Eighteen Prizes, having on them
written, or otherwiſe expreſſed, as well in Figures as in
Words at Length, in Manner following; that is to ſay, up-
Number and on One of them, Four Hundred Pounds ; upon Two other
Value of for- of them ſeverally, Two Hundred Pounds ; upon Four other
tunate Tick-
ets inthe fe- of them ſeverally, One Hundred Pounds ; upon Six other of
cond Claſs, them ſeverally, Fifty Pounds; upon Fifteen other of them.
४८ .
feverally, Twenty Pounds ; upon Thirty other ofthem ſeve-
rally, Ten Pounds ; upon Sixty other of them ſeverally, Five
Pounds ; and upon One Thousand other of them ſeverally,
Seventy Shillings ; which principal Sums, ſo to be expreſſed
upon the faid Tickets, will amount in the whole to Five
Thousand Nine Hundred Pounds. And the ſaid Managers,
or any four of them, ſhall cauſe the ſaid Prize Tickets of
the ſecond Claſs, written upon as aforesaid, together with
the faid Three Thousand Eight Hundred and Eighty- two
⚫ blank Tickets, to be carefully rolled up, and fastened with
Silk or Thread, and put into the Box, marked B, prepared
for that Purpoſe, and ſhall proceed to the Drawing of the
fame, in the fame Manner and Form, and to publiſh the
fortunate Numbers thereof , as is herein before directed and
appointed for the firſt Claſs .
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That the ſaid Managers, having drawn
• the ſecond Claſs, publiſhed the fortunate Numbers of the
fame, and fold the Tickets of the third or extreme Column
ofthe third Claſs, the ſaid Managers, or any four of them,
ſhall cauſe the middle Column in the Books of the ſaid
:
third Claſs, to be carefully rolled up, and made faſt with
Thread or Silk, as ordered and directed to be done in the
firſt Claſs, and put up in the ſame Manner, in the Box pre-
pared for that Purpoſe, marked A; and ſhall alſo prepare,
or cauſe to be prepared, Five Thousand Blanks and Prizes
for the third Claſs, One Thousand One Hundred and Se-
venty-seven of which to be Prizes ; on which Prize Tickets
ſhall be written, or otherwiſe expreſſed, as well in Figures
as in Words at Length, in Manner following ; that is to ſay,
Number and upon One of them, Five Hundred Pounds ; upon One other
Valueoffor- of them, Three Hundred Pounds ; upon two other of them
tunate Tick-
ets in the ſeverally, Two Hundred Pounds ; upon Five other of them
third Claſs, ſeverally, One Hundred Pounds ; upon Eight other ofthem
.
ſeverally, Fifty Pounds ; upon Twenty other of them ſeve-
rally, Twenty Pounds; upon Forty other of them ſeverally,
Ten Pounds ; upon One Hundred other of them ſeverally,
Six
14
Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III . Regis. 613
Six Pounds ; and upon One Thousand other of them ſeve-
rally , Ninety Shillings ; which principal Sums, ſo to be ex-
preſſed upon the ſaid Tickets, will amount in the whole
toEight Thousand Pounds. And the ſaid Managers, or any
four of them, ſhall cauſe the ſaid Prize Tickets of the third
Claſs, written upon as aforesaid, together with Three
Thousand Eight Hundred and Twenty-three blank Tick-
ets, to be carefully rolled up, and fastened with Silk or
Thread, and put into the Box, marked B, prepared for
that Purpoſe ; and ſhall proceed to the Drawing of the
ſame, in the ſame Manner and Form, and to publiſh the
fortunate Numbers thereof , as is herein before directed and
appointed for the firſt Claſs.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforeſaid, That the ſaid Managers, having drawn
the third Claſs, publiſhed the fortunate Numbers of the
fame , and fold the Tickets ofthe third or extreme Column
of the fourth Claſs, the faid Managers, or any four of
them, ſhall cauſe the middle Column, in the Books of the
faid fourth Clafs, to be carefully rolled up, and made faft
with Thread or Silk, as ordered and directed to be done in
the first Claſs , and put up in the fame Manner, in the Box
prepared for that Purpoſe, marked 1; and ſhall alfo pre-
pare, or cauſe to be prepared, Five Thousand Blanks and
Prizes for the fourth Claſs, One Thousand One Hundred
and Thirty-three of which to be Prizes ; on which Prize
Tickets ſhall be written, or otherwise expreſſed, as well in
Figures as in Words at Length, in Manner following ; that
is to ſay, upon One of them, Three Thousand Pounds ; up- Number and
onTwo other ofthem ſeverally, OneThousand Pounds ; up- Value offor-
on Three other of them ſeverally, Five Hundred Pounds; ets in the
upon Four other of them ſeverally, Three Hundred Pounds ; fourth Claſs,
upon Five other of them ſeverally , Two Hundred Pounds ,
८ .upon Eight other of them ſeverally, One Hundred Pounds ;
upon Twenty other of them ſeverally , Fifty Pounds ; upon
Thirty other of them ſeverally Twenty Pounds ; upon Sixty
other ofthem ſeverally , Ten Pounds ; and upon One Thou-
ſand other of them ſeverally , Five Pounds Ten Shillings ;
which principal Sums, fo to be expreſſed upon the faid
Tickets, will amount in the whole to Seventeen Thousand
Two Hundred Pounds. And the ſaid Managers, or any four
of them, ſhall cauſe the faid Prize Tickets of the fourth
Claſs, written upon as aforeſaid, together with Three Thou-
ſand Eight Hundred and Sixty-feven blank Tickets, to be
carefully rolled up , and fastened with Thread or Silk as
aforeſaid, and put into the Box , marked B, prepared for
that
614 Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis.
that Purpoſe, and ſhall proceed to the Drawing of the fame,
in the fame Manner and Form, and to publiſh the fortunate
Numbers thereof , as is herein before directed and appointed
for the firſt Claſs .
PROVIDED ALWAYS, AND BE IT FUR-
THER ENACTED by the Authority aforesaid,
Managers to That before any ofthe faid Managers or Directors ſhall take
take an Oath .
upon himself the Duties and Offices hereby enjoined, they
ſmall reſpectively, before ſome Justice of the Peace for the
County of Philadelphia, take the following Oath, viz.
" I A. B. do fwear, That I will faithfully execute the
"
Trust reposed in me ; and that Iwill not use any indirect
" Arts or Means, or permit or direct any Perfon to use any
" indirect Art or Means, to obtain a Prize, or fortunate
" Ticket, either for myself , or any other Perfon whatsoever ;
" and that I will do my utmost Endeavour to prevent any un-
" due or finiſter Practice to be done by any Perfon whatsoever ;
" and that I will, to the beſt of my Judgment, declare to
" whom any Prize, Lot or Ticket, of Right does belong, ac-
" cording to the true Intent and Meaning oftheAct ofAffem-
"
bly, paffed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's
"
Reign.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Adventurers Authority aforesaid, That the Adventurers of the first Claſs
inthe first
Claſs to have
ſhall have the particular Privilege of renewing their Tickets
the Privilege in the ſecond Claſs, provided they apply for that Purpoſe,
of renewing any Time within the Space of two Months, from and after
theirTickets, the finiſhing the Drawing of the firſt Claſs ; after which,
४८ .
on their Neglect of fuch Renewal, the Managers ſhall have
full Power and Authority, and they are hereby enjoined
and required to diſpoſe of the fame to any other Adventur-
er or Adventurers; and ſo in like Manner from the ſecond
to the third, and from the third to the fourth Claſs .
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Prizes notde- Authority aforesaid, That if any fortunate Adventurers in
manded in 9 the faid Lottery ſhall neglect to apply to the faid Managers
Months, to
be applied to for the Sum due on his, her or their Tickets reſpectively,
theUfes di- within the Space of Nine Months after the public Notice
rected by this
Αει.
given in the ſeveral News-papers as aforesaid, ſuch Sum or
Sums of Money ſo due to him, her or them, ſhall be applied
to the Ufes, Intents and Purpoſes, to which the Sum here-
by directed to be deducted, is directed to be appropriated
and applied.
AND
c
Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III . Regis. 615
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That after the Payment of the Sums Manner of
due to the fortunate Adventurers in the faid Lottery , and applying the
Money raiſed
defraying the Coſts and Expences attending the fame, the by the Lotte-
neat Sum of Money remaining in the Hands of the Trea- ry.
furer aforesaid, ſhall be applied in Manner following ; that
is to ſay, Two Thousand Pounds thereof , for and towards
purchafing a Landing in the Northern Liberties, nearly op-
pofite the Barracks, and improving the fame, with the Land-
ing at the End of Callowhill- street, as herein after is direct-
ed; and the Remainder to be paid to the City Commiffion-
ers, for pitching and paving the Streets, Lanes and Alleys,
of the City of Philadelphia, or to their Treaſurer, the bet-
ter to enable them ſo to pitch , pave and keep clean the
Streets, Lanes and Alleys aforefaid.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That the Commiſſioners of the Coun- Commiffion-
ty of Philadelphia, in Truſt for the Public, by and with the ers, &c . ofthe
Conſent and Approbation of the Juſtices of the Peace of county
of
Philadelphia,
the faid County, in their Court of Quarter Seſſions, ſhall, to purchaſe a
and they are hereby required and enjoined to buy aLanding Landing, &c.
nearly oppofite the faid Barracks, and receive the Deeds
thereof in Trust for the Public; and further to build, or
cauſe to be built thereon, a good Wharff , and a Pier , for
the Ufe of the Public.
AND the ſaid County Commiſſioners for the Time be- And to lett
ing, or a Majority of them, with the Approbation of any
the fame, &c .
three Juſtices of the Peace for faid County, are hereby en-
joined and required, for ever hereafter, to have the Care, Di-
rection and Management of the ſaid Landing, in letting the
ſame out to any Perſon or Perſons, for the Purpoſes of re-
pairing and improving the ſame from Time to Time for ever
hereafter, as the faid Commiffioners and Juſtices, or a Ma-
jority of them for the Time being, may judge moſt for the
Public Good.
AND WHEREAS the Honourable the Proprietaries
of the Province of Pennsylvania, have continued Callowhill-
street , in the Northern Liberties aforesaid, into the River
Delaware, and as a Public Landing Place at the End of the
fame Street may hereafter prove very advantageous and be-
neficial to the Public, BE IT THEREFORE FUR-
THER ENACTED by the Authority aforesaid, That
the faid County Commiffioners, or a Majority of them,
with the Conſent and Approbation of any three Juftices of
7X the
616 Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis.
Commiffion- the Peace of the County aforesaid, ſhall for ever hereafter
ers, & c. im- have the fame Power and Authority , for the improving and
powered to
improve the letting the ſame Landing Place at the End of Callowhill - street
Landing at
aforesaid, for the Uſes and Purpoſes aforesaid, as to them
theEndof
Callowhill-
are hereby given and granted, with reſpect to the Landing
Street..
Place, nearly oppoſite to the ſaid Barracks, hereby intended
to be purchaſed.
Managers,
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That the faid Managers, within the
&c. to lay
their Ac-
Space of Ten Months after the Drawing of the fourth Claſs
counts before aforesaid , ſhall lay their Accounts, as well of the Monies
the Juſtices, received for the Tickets hereby directed by them to be fold,
២ .
as alſo of ſuch Prizes as by them ſhall be ſeverally paid, and
of the reſpective Ballances by them paid to the Treasurer a-
foreſaid; and the ſaid Treasurer, within Six Months after
the fame, ſhall lay his Accounts before the Juſtices, at their
Court of Quarter Seffions of the Peace , for the County of
Philadelphia, to be by them examined and adjuſted.
The Lottery
to be drawn
within two
Years.
PROVIDED ALWAYS, That the faid Lottery be
erected and drawn within Two Years from the Publication
hereof .
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Managers Authority aforesaid, That the ſeveral Managers ſhall and
maioring may ſeverally , from Time to Time, as Occafion may happen,
bring Actions in their, or either of their respective Names,
against any Perſon or Perſons indebted to the Managers a-
foreſaid, or either of them, for the Sale of Tickets, or
against any other Perſon or Perſons, concerned in the Exe-
cution of this Act, for any Breach of Trust therein .
Paffed February 20 , 1768.
Preamble.
An ACT for incorporating the Society, known
by the Name and Stile of The Philadelphia
Contributionſhip for the inſuring of Houſes
from Loſs by Fire, to ratify and confirm the
Articles of Agreement of the Contributors, and
to enable them to make suitable By- Laws, for
the better Management and Profecution of their
faid Defign.
WHEREAS a Number of Perſons, for their own
mutual Security, and for the common Security
and Advantage of their Fellow Citizens and others, have ,
by
1
Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis. 617
by certain Articles ofAgreement, bearing Date the Twenty-
fifth Day of March, in the Year of our Lord One Thousand
Seven Hundred and Fifty-two, formed and entered into a
Society, for the Inſurance of Houſes from Loſs by Fire,
upon the moſt equal Terms, and apart from all Views of
private or feparate Gain or Intereſt : AND WHEREAS
it has been found by Experience, that the faid Deſign, ſo
far as it hath been already carried into Execution, has
proved very useful and advantageous to the Adventurers
therein : AND WHEREAS the Members of the faid
Society, in order to enable them to profecute the faid De-
fign, in a Manner more extenfively beneficial to the Public,
and more effectually to ſecure the Interest of all Perfons
concerned, are defirous that the Contributors, forming the
faid Society, may be incorporated and made a Body Politic
in Law, and that the Covenants and Agreements, mutually
made and entered into between them, may be ratified
and confirmed by an Act of the Legislature, BE IT
THEREFORE ENACTED by the Honourable
JOHN PENN , Efq; Lieutenant-Governor, under the
Honourable THOMAS PENN, and RICHARD
PENN , Eſquires, true and abſolute Proprietaries of the
Province of Pennsylvania, and Counties of New-Castle,
Kent, and Suffex, upon Delaware, by and with the Ad-
vice and Conſent of the Repreſentatives of the Freemen
of the faid Province, in General Aſſembly met , and by the
Authority ofthe fame, That all and every Perſon and Per- Societyincor
fons, who have heretofore ſubſcribed the faid recited Ar- porated, &
ticles of Agreement, by him, her or themselves, or by his
or their Attorney or Agent, and each and every one, who
ſhall hereafter in like Manner ſubſcribe the fame , or ſhall
at any Time or Times hereafter , inſure in or with the ſaid
Society, their reſpective Heirs, Deviſees and Affigns, ſhall
be, and they, and every ofthem, are hereby declared to be
Members of the ſaid Society, and are hereby made a Body
Politic and Corporate in Law, to all Intents and Purpoſes,
and ſhall have perpetual Succeſſion, and may fue, and be
fued, plead, and be impleaded, by the Name of THE
PHILADELPHIA CONTRIBUTIONSHIP FOR THE INSUR-
ANCE OF HOUSES FROM LOSS BY FIRE, in all Courts of
Judicature within this Province , and by that Name ſhall
and may lend, any Sum or Sums of Money belonging to
the faid Contributors, to ſuch Perſon or Perfons, Bodies
Politic or Corporate, as may be willing to borrow the fame ,
on fuch Securities, and in the Manner herein after directed ;
and the faid Corporation are hereby impowered to have and
ufe one common Seal, in all their Affairs .
AND
1 .
1
1
618 Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III . Regis .
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Mortgages, Authority aforesaid, That all and every Mortgage, Bond,
&c. tobe fu-
edfor be the Bill, and other Securities for Monies lent, which have been
Name of the heretofore taken in the Names of the Directors of the faid
Corporation. Contributionſhip, or in the Name of the Treasurer thereof ,
ſhall and may be ſued for and recovered , in the Name of
The Philadelphia Contributionſhip for the Insurance of Houses
from Lofs by Fire, in as full , ample and effectual Manner,
as if the ſaid Mortgages, Bonds, Bills, and other Securities,
had been, and were taken in that Name, any Thing in
the faid Securities to the contrary in any wife notwith-
ſtanding.
AND WHEREAS the ſaid Contributors did, on the
Second Monday in April laſt, in Pursuance of the faid Ar-
ticles of Agreement, elect Ifaac Jones, Luke Morris, Jo-
nathan Evans, Alexander Huston, Jacob Shoemaker, junior,
Samuel Shoemaker, Joseph Fox, Joshua Howell, David Desh-
ler, Peter Reeve, Gunning Bedford , and Samuel Weatherell ,
junior, to be Directors for the enſuing Year, BE IT
THEREFORE ENACTED bythe Authority afore-
Names ofthe ſaid, That the faid Ifaac Jones, Luke Morris, Jonathan
prefent Di- Evans, Alexander Huston, Jacob Shoemaker, junior, Samuel
rectors .
Shoemaker, Jofeph Fox, Joshua Howell, David Deſhler,
Peter Reeve, Gunning Bedford , and Samuel Weatherell, juni-
or, ſhall be and continue Directors of the faid Society, until
the Second Monday in April next, after the Publication of
this Act, and until others ſhall be duly choſen in their
Room ; which ſaid Directors, and all Directors hereafter
to be choſen by Virtue of this Act, or a Majority of them,
Their Power, are hereby impowered to provide a Seal for the ſaid Society,
४८ .
and to change and alter the ſame, if they ſhall fee Occa-
fion; and alſo to appoint one or more Clerks, Surveyors,
Meſſengers, and other Servants, and their reſpective Fees
and Salaries, as they ſhall think proper, and to take ſuch Se-
curities from them, as they ſhall think ſufficient for the
due Diſcharge of their reſpective Truſts ; and they , the
ſaid Directors, ſhall and may alſo, from Time to Time,
direct and order the making and giving out Policies, and
diſpoſe of , place out, take in, ſecure and improve, the Stock
of the faid Society, and the Intereſt, Profit and Produce
thereof , for defraying the contingent Charges of the faid
Society, and fatisfying all ſuch Loffes and Damages, as ſhall
or mayhappen in or to the ſame ; and ſhall and may alſo
provide Books of Accounts, and all other Things, needful
and requiſite for the Affairs thereof; and the faid Directors
ſhall and may, and are hereby impowered to ſuſpend and
remove
Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis. 619
remove all, and any of the Officers and Servants aforesaid,
as they ſhall fee Cauſe, and, from Time to Time, to fupply
any Vacancy which ſhall happen, on the Death or Re-
moval of them, or any of them ; and the ſaid Directors
are hereby impowered to do, perform and execute, all
other Acts, Matters and Things, needful, incident or re-
lative to the Premiſes, or any of them, which they ſhall
think fit and reaſonable, according to the Tenor and true
Intent and Meaning of this Act.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That there ſhall be a General Meeting General
of the Contributors aforesaid, on the ſecond Monday in
Meeting tobe
April, in every Year, or oftener, if the Directors for the
heldyearly,
onthe ſecond
Time being, or a Majority of them, ſhall think fit ; or if Monday in A-
any Twenty Contributors, inſuring to the Value of Ten pril, &c.
Thousand Pounds, or upwards, ſhall require the fame ; of
which General Meetings, and of the Matters there intended
to be moved, propoſed and tranſacted, public Notice ſhall
be given by the ſaid Directors, at least Fifteen Days before
the Times of ſuch Meetings, in fome Public News Paper,
or Papers, in the City of Philadelphia, when and where all
the ſaid Contributors ſhall have full Right and Liberty to be
preſent, and be capable of acting and managing the Affairs
of the faid Society that ſhall then come before them; and
they ſhall begin an Hour, at least, after the Time appointed
for meeting, and ſhall chuſe a Chairman, by a Majority of
Votes, by Tickets in Writing; and after ſuch Choice, ſhall`
continue on the Buſineſs propoſed one Hour, or longer, be-
fore any Determination ſhall be had thereon. And if any
Chairman ſhall refuſe or negiect to put or offer to the Con-
ſideration and Determination of the ſaid Contributors fo
met, any Queſtion or Matter, which ſhall then and there be
propoſed, ſeconded and inſiſted on , then the ſaid Contri-
butors ſhall, and they are hereby impowered, in like Man-
ner to chuſe another Chairman, in the Room of him ſo re-
fuſing or neglecting; and the ſaid Contributors, at every
ſuch General Meeting, ſhall and may, and they are hereby
impowered to confider, treat and determine , of and con-
cerning all or every the Matters and Things, relating to the
prudent and juſt Management , and good Order of the faid
Society; and to eſtabliſh and confirm all fuch Articles and
Rules, as have been heretofore agreed to , and not ratified
and confirmed by this Act , to alter and amend the ſame,
and to make and eſtabliſh any other additional Rules and
Articles, for the better and more perfect Profecution of the
true Intent and Deſign of the ſaid Society. At all which Meetings
7 Y
620 Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis.
Meetings the Determination of a Majority of the Con-
tributors preſent, ſhall be conclufive and binding on the
whole Society : PROVIDED ALWAYS, That the
ſaid Rules and Articles be not inconſiſtent with, or contrary
to, the Regulations and Eſtabliſhments made and declared
by this Act. :
AND BE IT ENACTED by the Authority afore-
Twelve Di-
ſaid, That at the ſaid General Meeting in the Month of
rectors, and Treasurer ,
April, yearly, and every year, the ſaid Contributors who
to be chofen
ſhall be preſent, ſhall chuſe, by Tickets in Writing, twelve
yearly, &c.
Perſons out of their own Body, to be the Directors, and
one other Perſon to be Treasurer, for the enſuing Year; and
that the ſaid Election ſhall begin on the faid ſecond Monday
in April , and be continued by Adjournment, if neceſſary,
from Day to Day, until the Contributors who ſhall attend
ſhall have voted, and that the Directors of the preceding
Year ſhall appoint two of their own Body, with three other
Contributors, who are not Directors, to be Judges of the
Election, who ſhall, under their Hands, or the Hands of a
major Part of them, report the Names of the Perſons duly
elected Directors and Treasurer reſpectively for the enſuing
Year, to the General Meeting , and when the faid Election
is over, and the Report aforesaid ſo made, the Contributors
preſent may proceed to Buſineſs, and not before.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
The preſent Authority aforesaid, That Ifaac Greenleafe, ſhall be the
Treasurer
continued till
Treaſurer to the faid Society, for the preſent Year, and ſhall
the ſecond
continue in his faid Office until the ſecond Monday in April,
Monday in A- next enſuing the Publication of this Act, and until another
pril , &c.
ſhall be choſen in his Stead ; which Treasurer, and all other
Treaſurers, to be elected by Virtue of this Act, ſhall have
the Custody of the Caſh, Securities and Deeds, belonging
to the ſaid Society; and ſhall, from Time to Time, pay and
deliver the fame, and every of them, to ſuch Perfon or Per-
ſons as the Directors for the Time being, or a Majority of
them, ſhall by their Orders direct and appoint ; which faid
Orders ſhall be good Vouchers to indemnify him; and ſhall
have Power, and he is hereby enjoined and required to give
ſufficient Releaſes and Diſcharges, of any Sum or Sums of
Money which ſhall be paid on any Mortgage, Bond, Bill,
or other Security, and within one Month after Request, to
acknowledge the fame on Record, if ſuch Payment ſhall be
on a Mortgage, under the Penalty of forfeiting and paying
any Sum of Money, not exceeding the Mortgage Money,
to be recovered in a Court of Justice , by Bill, Plaint or Informa-
•
* Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis. 621
Information ; and ſhall alſo keep regular and fair Books of
Accounts, of all Caſh, Securities, Deeds, Writings, and
other Things by him received, or committed to his Care and
Custody, and of all Caſh, Securities, Deeds, Writings, and
other Things and Effects, by him paid or delivered as a-
4
foreſaid ; and that ſuch Treasurer, before he enters on the Treasurer to
Duties of his Office, ſhall give ſuch Security to the faid give Security,
Corporation, in the Name aforesaid, for the due and faith-
ful Diſcharge of his Trust, and for accounting for, and
delivering up to his Succeſſor in ſaid Office, all ſuch Monies,
Securities , Deeds, Writings, and Effects, as ſhall have come
to his Hands or Cuſtody, and which ſhall not have been
paid or delivered upon Discharge of any Mortgage as afore-
faid, or by Order of the Directors as aforesaid, as the faid
Directors, or a Majority of them, ſhall direct and require ;
which Security the ſaid Directors are hereby enjoined and
required to fee duly given and executed, and recorded in the
Office for recording of Deeds for the County of Philadel
phia , before any fuch Treasurer ſo elected ſhall enter upon
his faid Office, and before he ſhall receive any of the Caſh,
Securities, Deeds, Writings, or other Effects aforesaid ; and
if , through the Default or Neglect of the ſaid Directors,
Security ſhall not be given by ſuch Treasurer as aforesaid,
the faid Directors ſhall be accountable for his Conduct and
Demeanor in ſaid Office, and make good to, and indemnify,
all and every of the faid Contributors, who ſhall ſuſtain any
Damage for Want thereof.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforeſaid, That the ſaid Directors ſhall meet Directors to
when and where, and as often as they ſhall think proper , meet on the
but at least once in every Month, on the First Tuesday in in every
each Month ; and being a Majority at least, they ſhall and Month, &
may enter upon, order, direct and diſpatch, all ſuch Matters
and Things, relating to the Office of Infurance, as ſhall
properly come before them, and fuch their Proceedings ſhall
be good and valid, in all the Affairs and Buſineſs ofthe faid
Society, that ſhall be committed to their Management by
the Contributors aforesaid, from Time to Time, at their
General Meeting ; and in caſe any of the Directors, or
Treaſurer, hereafter to be elected, ſhall happen to die, re-
move out of the Province, or ſhall refuſe or neglect to act
as Director, or Directors, or Treasurer, or ſhall, for two
Kalendar Months, wholly omit and neglect to attend the
Affairs and Buſineſs of the faid Society, then, and in ſuch
Caſe, the Directors for the Time being, or a Majority of
them, may chuſe another Director, or Directors, or Trea- furer ,
}
1
:
622 Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis.
furer , in the Room and Stead of fuch who ſhall die, re-
move, or refuſe or neglect to act as aforesaid: PROVID-
ED NEVERTHELESS, That all the Directors act-
ing, and in Office, ſhall have due and previous Notice of
ſuch intended Election ; and ſuch Choice being confirmed
by a ſecond Meeting of the faid Directors, the Perſon or
Perſons ſo elected, ſhall be the Director or Directors, or
Treasurer, reſpectively , until the next annual Meeting and
Election .
Directors im-
powered to
lendMoney,
४८ .
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That the Directors aforesaid, for the
Time being, or the Majority of them, ſhall and may, and
they are hereby impowered to lend, advance and lay out,
on Mortgage of Houſes and Lands, and other real Eſtate,
fuch Sum and Sums of Money, as from Time to Time
they ſhall think fit ; SO ALWAYS AND PRO-
VIDED, that upon all fuch Loans, the Reſolutions and
Orders of the Directors thereupon be had and made, at
two ſeveral monthly Meetings or Boards, of a major Part,
at least, of all the Directors, and ſo that the Titles and
Conveyances relating to ſuch Loans, be firſt approved of by
Counſel learned in the Law.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Andtobe in- Authority aforesaid, That the ſaid Directors ſhall always
demnified , ſtand, and be indemnified and ſaved harmleſs by the ſaid
.
Contributors, in and for their giving out and ſigning Policies
of Inſurance, and all their other lawful Acts, Deeds and
Tranſactions, done and performed in Pursuance of this
Act , and the Stock, Securities, and joint Effects of the
ſaid Contributors, ſhall, in the firſt Place, be appropriated
to exonerate and diſcharge, indemnify and ſave harmless,
the ſaid Directors, and every ofthem, of and from all ſuch
Cofts, Charges, Damages and Expences, which ſhall or
may happen or arife, or which they , or any of them, ſhall
reasonably expend or ſuſtain , for or concerning the Truſt
aforeſaid, nor ſhall any of the ſaid Directors be anſwerable
for, or charged with, the Defaults, Neglects or Miſdeeds
of the others of them.
Paffed February 20, 1768,
An
Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis. 623
An ACT to enable the Owners and Poffeffors of
a certain Tract of Marsh and Meadow Land
therein described, fituate in the County of Che-
fter, to keep the Banks, Dams, Siuices and
Flood -gates in Repair, and to raise a Fund to
defray the Expence thereof.
WHEREAS there is a certain Parcel of Marſh and Preamble .
Meadow Land, fituate in the Townſhip of Ridley,
in the County of Chester, beginning at the faſt Land, near
the House of William Smith, at Freeman's Creek ; thence
extending by the Ditch Bank along the ſaid Creek and De-
laware River, to Plumb Creek, and croſſing over the Dam
to be made on the East Side thereof; thence by the Eaſt
Side of the ſaid Creek, and Grun Creek, to the Dam to be
made over Grun Creek at Darby Creek ; thence extending
over ſaid Dam, and down the faid Darby Creek, and the
Mouth of Longhaoke Creek ; then up the ſame to the Dam
to be made, and over the faid Dam Fifteen Perches, to the
faft Land near Jofeph Taylor's Houſe ; and from thence
along the ſaid Land to the Place of Beginning; including
all the Marſh and Meadow within the faid Bounds; which
faid Tract or Parcel of Marſh and Meadow Land hath
been, and now is embanked ; but inasmuch as there are
ſeveral Creeks which yet remain to be ſtopped, which
ought, in Justice , to be done at the general Expence of
the Owners of the Meadows within the Bounds aforesaid ;
and the Banks, Dams, Sluices and Flood-gates, made for
the Stopping out the Tide Waters from the fame, and for
preventing the Overflowings thereof , cannot be equitably
and fufficiently maintained, without a Law for regulating
the Conduct of the Owners, in ſtopping the faid Creeks,
and in mending, repairing, fupporting, and maintaining
the ſaid Banks, Dams, Sluices and Flood-gates, which
furround the fame ; BE IT THEREFORE EN-
ACTED by the Honourable JOHN PENN, Efq;
Lieutenant Governor, under the Honourable THOMAS
PENN, and RICHARD PENN, Eſquires, true
and abſolute Proprietaries of the Province of Pennsylvania ,
and Counties of New-Castle, Kent and Sussex, upon Dela-
ware, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Repre-
ſentatives of the Freemen of the faid Province , in General
Aſſembly met, and by the Authority of the fame, That the
faid Tract and Parcel of Meadow Lands ſhall be hence-
forth called and named, THE LONGHOOKE MEADOWS ;
and that the faid Owners, Occupiers and Poſſeſſors of the
72 . faid
.
A
624
Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis.
faid Meadow Land, ſhall be called and named, THE
Perſons ap-
LONGHOOKE COMPANY ; and that Ifaac Pearson, David
pointed to di- Gibson, and Philip Price, Gentlemen, or any two of them,
vide the
Dams, &c.
are hereby nominated, authoriſed and appointed, within
Nine Months, after the Publication of this Act, to divide
the Dams, Sluices, Flood- gates and Banks, which ſurround
and include all the ſaid Tract or Piece of Marſh and Mea-
dow Land, and allot and appoint, how many Perches of
the faid Bank each Owner or Poffeffor of the ſaid Tract
ſhall make, repair, maintain and ſupport; and to aſcertain
⚫ and declare, what Sum or Sums of Money, or Proportion
of the Expence, each Owner or Poffeffor ſhall bear, to-
wards the Stopping out the faid Creeks, and maintaining
them after they ſhall be ſo ſtopped out, in Proportion to
the Number ofAcres of Meadow he holds therein, having
an equitable Regard to the Quality, Situation and Circum-
ſtances of the Ground to each Owner belonging, and Banks
fo to be allotted ; all which ſaid Allotments and Diviſions,
ſo made, and fignified by an Inſtrument in Writing, under
the Hands and Seals of any two of them, and recorded in
the Office for recording Deeds for the County of Chester,
ſhall be the proper Shares, Parts, Proportions and Quan- .
tities of Bank, and of the Expence in ſtopping out the faid
Creeks, for the ſeveral Owners or Poſſeſſors of the faid
Meadows, to make, repair and ſupport, at their own pro-
per Expence and Charge, in their reſpective Divifions.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Penalty on
Perſons not
Authority aforesaid , That the Owners, Occupiers and Pof-
keeping their feffors ofthe faid Tract ofMeadow Land reſpectively, whoſe
Banks in Re- Allotments, Shares or Parts of the Bank, are in any wife
pair , &c. defective, ſhall, within three Months from the Publication
hereof , cauſe them to be put in good and ſubſtantial Repair,
and make up, or cauſe their reſpective Parts of the Banks
ſo as aforesaid allotted, to be made up, level on the Top,
and ſufficiently strong and ſecure, to defend the ſaid Mea-
dows from all Inundations ; for which End the ſaid Banks
ſhall always be kept at least nine Inches above all Tides, by
each and all of the faid Owners, Poffeffors or Occupiers,
on their and each of their Parts, ſo as aforesaid to them
reſpectively allotted , under the Penalty of Ten Shillings for
every Perch of Bank, not made or repaired as aforesaid, to
be paid to the faid Company's Treaſurer, by the Perſons ſo
neglecting or refuſing, to be levied by the Managers here-
after to be choſen, if they fee Cauſe , and added to the
common Stock.
AND
:
Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III . Regis. 625
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That the Coſts and Charges of mak- Charges of
ing , maintaining and amending the Dams, Sluices or maintaining
Dams,
Flood-gates hereafter to be made, ſhall be paid by all the & c. to be
Owners, Occupiers or Poffeffors of the ſaid Land, accord- paidby all
ing to the Number of Acres that they, and each of them, the Owners .
ſhall hold, poſſeſs and occupy; the fame to be made, ſup-
ported and amended in ſuch Manner as the ſaid Managers,
or a Majority of them, hereafter to be choſen, ſhall direct.
AND BE IT ENACTED by the Authority afore-
ſaid, That it ſhall and maybe lawful for the faid Company, The Compa-
or as many of them as ſhall think fit, to meet together on ny tomeet yearly ,
and
the firſt Monday in March yearly, and every Year, at the choofe Mana-
Town of Darby, or ſuch other convenient Place as ſhall gers , &c.
hereafter be appointed by the Managers ofthe faid Meadow
Land, or any two of them, to be choſen by Virtue of this
Act; and then and there, by a Majority of thoſe met, ſhall
chooſe, by Tickets in Writing, three fit Perſons, Owners or
Poffeffors of Land in the Tract herein before deſcribed, to
be Managers, and one fit Perfon to be Treasurer, for the
Year then next enfuing.
AND BE IT ENACTED by the Authority afore-
faid, That if any of the Owners or Poſſeſſors, elected Ma- Penalty on
Perfons elect
nagers as aforesaid , on due Notice given in Writing of his edManagers
Election, by fome of the Company preſent at the faidElec- refufing to
tion , ſhall refuſe , or afterwards neglect, to do the Duty re- ferve, ४८ .
quired of him or them by this Act, he or they ſo refuſing
or neglecting his Duty , ſhall forfeit and pay to the Treafurer
for the Time being, the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be added
tothecommonStock ofthe Company, unleſs he or they ſhall
have ſerved two Years ſucceſſively in the faid Office, next be-
fore his or their ſaid Appointment ; which Fine ſhall be reco-
vered in the Manner herein after directed for the Recovery of
other Money payable to the Treaſurer of the ſaid Company;
and the other Managers, or a Majority of them, ſhall pro-
ceed in the Execution of their Office, without him or them ;
or , if they think fit, may chooſe others of the ſaid Owners
or Poffeffors, to be Manager or Managers in the Place of
him or them ſo refuſing or neglecting . And if the Perſon
ſo elected Treaſurer , ſhall refuſe or neglect to take upon him
the Duties, or to give the Securities required by this Act, or
ſhall miſbehave himself , or by Death, or otherwife, be ren-
dered incapable to execute the faid Office; in any of theſe
Cafes the Managers, for the Time being , ſhall chooſe ano-
ther fit Perſon to be the Treasurer for that Year. AND
:
626 Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Treasurer to Authority aforeſaid, That every Treaſurer hereafter tobe cho-
giveSecurity, fen ſhall, before he takes upon him the Execution of his Of-
and fettle
with the Ma- fice, enter into an Obligation, with at least one ſufficient Sure-
nagers, &c . ty, in double the Value of the Money that doth, or may pro-
bably come into his Hands, during the Continuance of his
Office, as near as can be eſtimated by the Managers, condi-
tioned, that he will, once in every Three Months, or oftener,
if required, render his Accounts to the ſaid Managers, or a
Majority of them, and well and truly account, adjuſt and ſettle
with them when required, for and concerning all Monies
that are or ſhall come to his Hands, by Virtue of this Act,
and ſhall well and truly pay the Ballance that ſhall appear on
fuch Settlement to be in his Hands, to ſuch Perſons, and to
ſuch Services, as any two of the Managers, for the Time
being, ſhall order and appoint, and not otherwiſe ; and that
he will do and execute all other Matters and Things, as
Treasurer to the ſaid Owners reſpectively, according to the
true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that he will, at
the Expiration of his Office, well and truly pay, or cauſe to
be paid and delivered, all the Money then remaining in his
Hands, together with the Books of Accounts concerning the
fame, and all other Papers and Writings in his Keeping,
belonging to the Owners of the ſaid Meadow Land, unto
his Succeſſor in the faid Office .
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Managers to
layTaxes.
Authority aforesaid, That it ſhall and may be lawful for the
faid Managers, or any two of them, as often as they ſhall
fee Occaſion, to meet together, and lay ſuch Affefſments and
Taxes, on every Acre of Meadow Land in the ſaid Tract,
as they ſhall judge to be neceſſary for the Benefit and Se-
curity of the ſame.
And inſpect
AND the faid Managers, or any two of them, for the
the Banks at Time being, in every Year, are hereby impowered, autho-
leaft four
Times every
riſed and required to enter upon and inſpect, at least four
Year.
Times in each Year, the Condition of all the ſaid Banks,
Dams, Sluices, Flood-gates, and other Conveniences for
ſtopping out the Tides, or draining the Water from the ſaid
Meadows; and if any Part ſhall appear unfiniſhed , da-
maged, decayed or destroyed, or more liable by its Situation ,
Nature of the Soil, or other Circumſtances, to be waſhed
away or destroyed than other Parts, or ſhall be, in any
Manner, infufficient for the Purpoſes aforesaid, they the faid
Managers, or a Majority of them, ſhall confider and de-
termine by what Methods ſuch Part or Parts may be made good
Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis. 627
good and fecure, by Stone, or other firm and durable Ma-
terials; and on fuch Inſpection and Determination, the faid
Managers ſhall give Notice to, and require the ſaid Owners
or Poffeffors, or their Guardians (if Minors ) and within the
Counties of Philadelphia or Chester, forthwith to amend
their , and each of their Parts or Allotments, in fuch Man-
ner as they ſhall direct ; all of which Banks ſhall be of fuf-
ficient Breadth, and at least Nine Inches above any Tide
that hath been known.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That if , by any general Overflowing ofDamage fu-
the Water hereafter, the Banks, Dams or Sluices, belong - binect, by
ftained in one
ing to Owners of any one Allotment , ſhall be damaged or Defects inthe
destroyed, by the Force of the Water from within, which Banks of any
had been admitted by Defects in the Banks or Dams be- other, the Delinquent
longing to the Owners of other Allotments ; in all fuch Owners to
Cafes the Delinquent Owners ſhall pay all the Coſts of Re- make it good .
pairs, unless the Managers for the Time being ſhall, from
any Circumstances, conſider it as an Act of Providence ; in
which Caſe they may repair it at the general Expence of all
the Owners of the District in which the faid Damage ſhall
happen, and order the Treasurer of the faid Company to
pay the Charge thereof .
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That if any of the faid Owners or Oc- Owners of
Meadow ne-
cupiers of the Land in the ſaid Tract of Meadow, or any glecting to
Guardian of a Minor, Owner thereof , ſo warned by the repair their
faid Managers, or a Majority of them , ſhall refuſe or ne- reſpective
Parts, after
glect, after ſuch Warning , to amend and repair their re- Warninggi-
ſpective Parts, agreeable to the Direction of the faid Mana- ven them by
gers; ; or if any of the faid Owners or Guardians are not the Mana-
known, or readily to be found within the faid Counties at Managers
gers, the faid
the Time aforesaid ; that then , and as often as it ſhall fo hap- ſhall order
pen, it ſhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Managers, Repairs, &
the neceffary
or any ofthem, together with ſuch Workmen, Horſes, Carts,
Barrows and Tools, as they ſhall think neceſſary, to enter
into and upon the Lands of him, her or them, where
fuch Breach or Defect ſhall happen to be, and then and
there to dig, with the leaſt Damage to the Owner thereof ,
and carry Earth, or purchaſe ſuitable Materials to make, a-
mend and repair the faidBanks ,Dams, Sluices, Flood-gates,
and all other Conveniences, neceſſary for ſtopping out the
Tide, or for draining the Waters off the Meadows, in fuch
Manner, and by fuch Ways and Means, as they ſhall think
fit and reaſonable, any Law of this Province, Ufage or Cu- ſtom
8A
628 Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III . Regis.
ſtom to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding. And
they, the faid Managers, or any two of them, ſhall adjust
and fettle the Expence thereof , with thoſe to whom ſuch
Parts or Shares of the Banks ſo amended and repaired were
before allotted, as they ſhall think juſt and reaſonable ; and
ſhall alſo deliver to the faid Owners, Guardians or Poſſeſſors
of the faid Meadow Land, on whoſe Allotment ſuch Re-
pairs ſhall be made, or to as many of them as ſhall be
found, their respective Bills of the Charge of repairing the
faid Part of the Bank to them before allotted , and ſhall or-
der Payment accordingly; and in caſe of their, or any of
their Refuſal or Delay of Payment , they ſhall order the
Treasurer of the ſaid Company for the Time being, to ad-
vance and pay ſo much out of the common Stock, as ſhall
be ſufficient to ſatisfy the faid Charge, until it can be obtain-
ed of thoſe who ought to paythe fame.
AND in order to eſtabliſh aFund to defray ſundry con-
tingent and yearly Expences, and to prevent any Delay here-
after for Want of Money, in caſe of Inundations or extra-
ordinary Accidents, BE IT ENACTED by the Au-
Owners of thority aforesaid, That every Owner or Poſſeſſor of Land,
Land , before in the aforesaid Meadow Tract, ſhall, on or before the ſe-
the ſecond
Monday in cond Monday in June next, after Publication hereof , pay, or
June next , to cauſe to be paid or depoſited , in the Hands of the Trea-
paytheTrea- furer aforesaid, the Sum of One Shilling, current Money of
furer One
Shilling for Pennsylvania, for each and every Acre of drained Meadow
everyAcre
they reſpectively have, hold, occupy or poſſeſs in the ſaid
they poſſeſs,
Tract, exclufive of Flats, Creeks, or waſte Lands. And
all and every Perſon or Perſons, whether Owners or Rent-
ers , who ſhall, on the ſecond Monday in June, in every
Year hereafter, be Owner, Occupier or Poſſeſſor of Meadow
:
Land in the ſaid Tract, ſhall, in like Manner, pay or de-
poſite, or cauſe to be paid or depoſited, into the Hands of
the Treasurer for the Time being, ſuch Sum or Sums of
Money, as the Managers for the Time being ſhall find ne-
ceſſary to afſeſs and order ; which Sum, ifpaid by the afore-
ſaid Renter, he, the ſaid Renter, ſhall, and is hereby im-
powered to deduct out of his Rent, unleſs he ſhall be under
a Contract to the contrary with the Owner : SO AL-
WAYS, AND PROVIDED, That the Sum of Thir-
ty Pounds ſhall, in the Beginning of every Year, be in the
ſaid Treasurer's Hands, ready to be applied in the Premiſes,
as Occaſion may require; of all which Sums of Money,
and all other Money coming to his Hands, by Virtue of this
Act, and of all Diſburſements and Payments thereof , from
Time to Time made, the ſaid Treasurer ſhall, in a Book to
be
Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III . Regis. 629
be provided for that Purpoſe, keep ajuſt and true Account,
and ſhall pay and deliver the ſame, according to the Di-
rections and Orders of the Managers for the Time being,
or any two of them, and not otherwife .
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That the Managers for the Time be- Managers ,
ing, or any two of them, ſhall, before the Day herein be- before the
fore appointed for the Payment of the yearly Quotas, De- DayofPay-
ment , tocauſe
poſite Money or Afſeſſment, cauſe a true Lift to be made true Lifts of
out, of the Names of all and every of the ſaid Owners the Names of
Owners of
and Poffeffors, with a true Account of all and every Acre Land to be
of Meadow which they reſpectively have, hold, occupy given the
and poſſeſs , excluſive of Flats and Creeks, according to
Treasurer,
the beſt Information they can obtain , noting from Time
.
to Time the ſeveral Changes, Alterations, Transfers, and
Alienations of Right, in the ſeveral Parts and Parcels there-
of , as they ſhall come to their Knowledge, and ſhall fur-
niſh the Treaſurer with a true Copy thereof , together with
the Sumper Acre of the general Afſeſſment for the current
Year, when any Alteration ſhall be of the aforesaid De-
pofite of One Shilling ; according to which Lift or Account,
the Treasurer, for the Time being, ſhall receive and take
the ſeveral Sums of their, and each of their Depoſite Mo-
ney and Aſſeſſments reſpectively , in every Year, raiſed or
aſſeſſed by this Act ; and ſhall cauſe public Notice of the
faid Rate or Aſſeſſment per Acre to be given, at least Ten
Days before the Day of Payment, in every Year hereafter :
And in cafe any ofthe faid Owners, Occupiers or Poffeffors
aforesaid , ſhall refuſe or neglect to pay , or cauſe to be paid,
to the Treaſurer aforesaid, on the Days and Times afore-
faid, the ſeveral Sums of Money which they reſpectively
ought to pay or depoſite , according to the true Intent and
Meaning of this Act, they, and each of them, ſo neglect-
ing and refuſing, ſhall forfeit and pay to the ſaid Treaſurer,
for every Thirty Days Neglect or Refuſal, Two- pence for
every Shilling, which he, ſhe or they , failed of paying on
the Day or Time appointed, when they reſpectively ought
to have paid the fame, by the Direction of this Act.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforeſaid, That if any of the faid Owners, Pof- Manner of
feffors or Occupiers, ſhall neglect or refuſe as aforesaid, to proceeding a- gainftOwners
pay the ſeveral Sums of Money, together with the For- refufing
to
feitures arifing thereon, which they reſpectively ought to pay, or ne-
pay at any Time or Times hereafter , for the Space ofglecting to
repair theirThirty Days after any of the Days or Times in which it Banks, &c.
ought
630 Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III.. Regis.
ought to be paid, or ſhall have neglected or refuſed to
make, amend or repair his, her or their Part or Share of
the Bank ſo as aforesaid to them allotted ; or ſhall have ne-
glected or refuſed to reimburſe the Treasurer for the Time
being the neceſſary Expence thereof , agreeable to the Di-
rection of this Act ; that then, and fo often, it ſhall and
may be lawful to and for the faid Treasurer, by Direction
of the Managers, or any two of them for the Time being,
in his own Name, to apply to ſome Juſtice of the Peace of
the County, for his Warrant of Diſtreſs, for levying the
faid Sums of Money ſo neglected or refuſed to be paid, di-
rected to the Constable of the Township, where the Mea-
dows are ; which faid , Warrant the faid Juſtice of the
Peace is hereby impowered and directed to grant accord-
ingly, to be by the ſaid Conftable levied on the Tract or
Piece of Marſh, Meadow, or Cripple , belonging as afore-
faid to ſuch Owner or Owners ſo neglecting, or not to be
found in the County, and deliver the ſame over unto the
faid Managers, who, or any two of them, are hereby im-
powered and authoriſed to lett the fame on Rent, or any
Part that may be ſufficient, belonging to fuch delinquent
Owner or Owners ſo neglecting as aforesaid, or where
they are not to be found in the County, from Year to
Year, for fo long Time, as until the Rent or Rents arifing
therefrom ſhall, as nearly as may be computed, pay all
ſuch Sum or Sums of Money, ſo affeffed, or ſo charged,
together with all Coſts and Forfeitures arifing thereon, for
his or their Neglect or Refuſal to pay the fame as aforesaid,
and no longer : PROVIDED ALWAYS, That in '
letting out the faid Meadow, the faid Managers do publick-
ly notify the Leaſing thereof , and lett the fame to the
highest Bidder.
AND BE IT ENACTED by the Authority afore-
Proceſs com- faid, That no Proceſs, Suit, or Proceedings whatsoever,
menced , not which at any Time hereafter ſhall be commenced, fued,
to be diſcon-
tinuedby or brought before any of the Juſtices of the Peace, or
Death of the Judges orJuſtices ofthe Common Pleas or Supreme Court,
Treasurer,
២. or before any Magiſtrate of this Province, in the Name of
any Treasurer of Longhooke Company, by Direction of the
faid Managers, or any two of them, ſhall be diſcontinued,
or put without Day, by Reaſon ofthe Death, Diſability or
Removal of fuch Treasurer, but ſhall stand good and ef-
fectual in Law, to all Intents and Purpoſes, notwithstand-
ing fuch Death, Diſability or Removal.
AND IT IS HEREBY ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That the Managers for the Time be-
ing,
:
Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III . Regis. 631
ing, or any two of them, ſhall have the Power ofdiſpoſing Managers to
of all Monies paid to the Treasurer, by Virtue of this Act ;
have the Dif-
and of hiring and appointing, at the Expence of the faid poding ofad
Monies paid
Company, any Perſon or Perſons, from Time to Time, to the Treafur-
inſpect the Condition of all the Banks, Dams, Sluices and er , & c.
Flood- gates, belonging to the Owners of the ſaid Meadow
Land, and to inform the reſpective Owners, or the faid Ma-
nagers, when any Repairs are wanting; and may diſplace
ſuch Perſon or Perſons, and appoint others, as often as they
ſhall think fit ; and the ſaid Managers ſhall have Power to
offer and pay fuch Rewards as they think neceſſary, out of
the common Stock, for the Deſtruction of fuch Vermin as
uſually damage the Banks and Dams, as well as for other
general Services of the ſaid Company.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That the ſaid Managers for the Time And authori-
being , or any two of them, are hereby authoriſed and im- fed to fettle
Accounts
powered, in Behalf of the faid Owners, to ſettle Accounts with him,
with the Treasurer, from Time to Time, and ſhall do and &c.
execute all other Matters and Things pertaining to the
general Good and Benefit of the ſaid Owners. PRO-
VIDED NEVERTHELESS, That if any Owner
ſhall think him, her or themselves aggrieved, by any Order,
Account or Proceeding of any of the ſaid Managers, fuch
Owner or Owners ſhall, if he or they think proper, chooſe
two fit and diſintereſted Perſons, and the ſaid Managers, or
any two of them, ſhall chooſe two other fit and diſintereſted
Perfons, who, if Occafion be, ſhall chooſe a fifth Perſon,
alike diſintereſted ; and the Perſons ſo choſen, or any three
of them, ſhall finally ſettle the fame, and other Matters
and Things in Diſpute, that ſhall be referred to them by
the Parties.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That the Orders of any two of the
Managers on the Treasurer, for the Time being, ſhall be
complied with by the ſaid Treaſurer, and ſhall be good
Vouchers to indemnify him for the Payment and Delivery
of the Money and Effects committed to his Care, by Vir-
tue of this Act ; and that all Bonds, Mortgages, Deeds and Bonds, &c.
•Conveyances in Truſt , for the Use of the ſaid Own- to be taken
in the Name
ers, ſhall be taken in the Name of the Treasurer of Long- of the Trea-
booke Company, and be payable to him and his Succeffors, and furer, &c .
ſhall be mentioned to be for the Ufe of the Owners thereof ,
and with, or without Afſignment , ſhall be good and avail-
able in Law, to his Succeffor or Succeſſors in the ſaid Truſt,
8B for
i
i
632 . Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III . Regis.
for the Ufe of the Owners as aforesaid; and ſhall be reco-
verable in any Court of Record in this Province, where the
ſame may be cognizable, as fully and effectually , to all In-
tents and Purpoſes, as if the ſame were private Property,
and duly affigned , in all the Forms of Law: And the Re-
ceipts and Diſcharges of ſuch ſucceeding Treaſurer or Trea-
furers, for any fuch Sum or Sums of Money paid to him
or them, ſhall be effectual in Law.
AND WHEREAS the well draining, preſerving,
and keeping open the Drains of the ſaid Meadow Land is
of great Importance to the faid Owners, BE IT ENAC-
Manner of
TED by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every of the
Owners dif- charging Waters from
faid Owners ſhall be allowed , permitted and ſuffered, to
diſcharge all or any of the Waters off their respective Lands,
their Lands.
through their natural Channels, or by a direct Courſe acroſs
the Land of any other of the faid Owners as ſhall, by the
Managers for the Timebeing, or the major Part of them, be
judged convenient , into the Channel, Creek or Sluice beſt
ſuiting to diſcharge the ſame into the main Creek or River ;
and ſhall be allowed to open, ſcour and cleanſe the ſame,
when and as often as they, and the Managers, or any two of
them, ſhall think convenient or neceſſary , any Law, Uſage
* or Cuſtom to the contrary, in any wife notwithstanding.
PROVIDED ALWAYS, That ſuch Owner, ſo re-
quiring a Paſſage for Water, ſhall firſt pay all the Damages
ſuſtained, or that ſhall be ſuſtained by ſuch Neighbour,
through whoſe Land the Wateris to be diſcharged ; and al-
ſo all fuch Damages as ſhall be done to the Banks, within
his faid Neighbour's Allotment , in ſuch Manner and Pro-
portion as ſhall be ſettled by a Majority of faid Managers.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Penalty on
Perſons da-
maging the
Banks, &c.
Authority aforesaid, That if any Perſon or Perſons ſhall
wickedly and maliciously cut through, break down, or -da-
mage any of the faid Banks, Dams, Sluices, or Flood- gates,
either their own or others, or ſhall let in any Creek or Water
to annoy, injure, or overflow any of their Neighbours
Lands, and ſhall thereof be convicted, before the Juſtices
of the Court of Quarter Seſſions of the faid County of Che-
fter; in all fuch Cafes, the Perſon or Perſons ſo offending,
ſhall be fined treble the Value of the Damages, to be affef-
ſedby two or more indifferent Perfons, to be appointed by
the faid Court reſpectively , to value the fame, which Fine
ſhall be added to the common Stock of the Company, for
the general Ufe and Benefit of the Owners of the faid
Meadow Land.
AND
Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis. 633
AND, the better to procure a conftant Supply of fresh
Water in the ſaid LongbookeMeadows, and alſo in the drain-
ed Meadows on the East and North-Eaſt ſide of Plumb
Greek, and Grun Creek aforesaid, for the Uſe of Horſes and
Cattle, BE IT ENACTED by the Authority aforesaid ,
That at all Times, after the draining the faid Tract or Par- Manner of
cel of Meadow Land, there ſhall be in the Lid or Door ofprocuring
freſh Water
each Sluice reſpectively, hereafter to be placed at or near the in Longhooke,
two Dams, intended to be made acroſs the two Creeks afore- Meadows,
faid, an Hole or Paſſage, for the Admiffion of Water, of &c .
ſuch Size and Dimenſions as, on Trial and Experience,
ſhall be found neceſſary for the Purpoſe aforesaid, or for any
other useful and beneficial Purpoſe, any thing herein before
contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That after the ſaid Dams ſhall be well Tinicum Com-
and ſufficiently made, the Owners and Poſſeſſors of Meadow pany to fup-
port the
Land, known by the Name of the Tinicum Company, ſhall, Dam and
andthey are hereby enjoined and required to ſupport, repair Sluice acroſs
and maintain, for ever hereafter, the Dam and Sluice,
Plumb - Creek.
which ſhall be made over and acroſs Plumb Creek aforefaid,
at or near the River Delaware, in like Manner as they are
enjoined and directed to ſupport, maintain and repair, the
other Dams and Sluices within their Divifion .
Paffed February 20, 1768.
An ACT for regulating the Fishery in the Ri-
ver Brandywine.
W
HEREASit hath been repreſented to the Affembly , Preamble.
by Petition from a Number of the Freeholders of
the County of Chester, that live on or near the River, called
Brandywine, that their Ancestors, themſelves, and the poor
adjacent Inhabitants, have formerly enjoyed great Advan-
tages from the Fiſhery in the ſame River ; and although no
Perſon owning Lands below the Fork, or main Branches,
can claim any Right, by Survey, to the Lands covered with
the Waters thereof , yet divers Perſons have erected Dams
acroſs the faid River, to the almoſt total Obstruction of the
Fiſh running up the ſame ; WHEREFORE, for re-
medying the Miſchiefs aforesaid, BE IT ENACTED
by the Honourable JOHN PENN , Efq , Lieutenant-
Governor, under the Honourable THOMAS PENN,
and RICHARD PENN , Eſquires, true and abfolute Proprie-
}
634 Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis.
Proprietaries of the Province of Pennsylvania, and Counties
of New- Castle, Kent and Suffex, upon Delaware, by and
with the Advice and Conſent of the Representatives of the
Freemen of the ſaid Province, in General Aſſembly met,
Manner of
and by the Authority of the fame , That all and every Per-
erecting Mill-
fon and Perſons whatsoever, having already erected, or that
dams below
the Forks,
ſhall hereafter erect, any Mill-dam, or other Obſtruction
c .
acroſs the faid River, below the Forks thereof , within this
Province, ſhall make, open and leave, the Space of Nine .
Feet in Breadth, near the Middle of the ſaid Dam, at least
Fourteen Inches lower than any other Part thereof , ſo that
there be at least Twelve Inches Depth of Water, during
the Months of March , April and May, in every Year, con-
ſtantly running through the ſame ; and for every Foot that
the Dam is or ſhall be raiſed perpendicular from the Bot-
tom ofthe faid River, there ſhall be laid a Platform, either
of Stone or Timber, or ofboth, with proper Walls on each
Side, to confine the Waters, which ſhall extend at least
Four Feet down the Stream, and of the Breadth aforesaid,
to form a Slope for the Water's gradual Deſcent ; and that
all and every Perſon and Perſons, who ſhall refuſe or ne-
glect to make, or alter his, her or their Dams in the Man-
ner directed as aforesaid, within the Term of One Year,
next after this Act ſhall be in Force, every fuch Perſon ſo
offending, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this
Act, being legally convicted thereof , by the Oath or Af-
firmation of one or more Witneſſes , or by his or her own
Confeſſion, ſhall forfeit and pay the Sum of One Hundred
Pounds, lawful Money of this Government, for every ſuch
Offence, or ſuffer Nine Months Imprisonment, without
Bail or Mainprize ; one Moiety of which Forfeiture ſhall
be paid to the Informer or Profecutor , and the other Moiety
to the Overſeers of the Poor of the Township, City or
Borough, where ſuch Offender ſhall refide, for the Ufe of
the Poor of the ſaid Townſhip, City or Borough, if refident
within this Province, if otherwise, where they ſhall be ap-
prehended.
Penaltyon
erecting Wears, &c .
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That if any Perſon or Perſons what-
foever, from and after this Act ſhall be in Force, ſhall e-
rect, build, ſet up, repair or maintain, or ſhall be aiding,.
affifting or abetting, in erecting, building, ſetting up, re-
pairing or maintaining any Wear, Rack, Baſket, Fiſhing-
dam, Pound, or other Device or Obſtruction whatsoever,
within the faid River of Brandywine , below the Forks
thereof (Mill-dams made with the Opening in the Manner
aforesaid ,
:
Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis. 635
aforeſaid , only excepted) or that ſhall fix or faſten anyNet
or Nets acroſs the fame , or any Part thereof , whereby the
Fiſh may be obſtructed from going up the ſame ; or that
ſhall take, deſtroy or ſpoil any Spawn, Fry, orBrood of Fiſh ,
of any Kind whatsoever, in any ſuch Wear, Rack, Baſket,
Pound or other Device aforesaid, every ſuch Perſon ſo of-
fending, being thereof legally convicted, in Manner afore-
faid , thall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds , lawful
Money of this Government, for every fuch Offence, or
fuffer fix Months Imprisonment, without Bail or Mainprize ;
one Moiety of which Forfeitures ſhall be paid to the In-
former, or Perſon who ſhall proſecute for the fame, the
other Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the Township where
fuch Offender ſhall reſide.
AND for the more effectual detecting and punishing Of-
fenders against this Act, BE IT ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That the Constables of each reſpective Conftables to
Townſhip, which ſhall be bounded by, or adjoining to any inſpect, and
Part of the ſaid River, ſhall, and they are hereby enjoined give nforma-
tion
and required, under the Penalty of Five Pounds , to be re fences against
covered as Debts not exceeding Five Pounds are directed by this Act, &c.
Law to be recovered, and to be applied in the Manner laſt
aforesaid, carefully and diligently to inſpect and view, once
at leaſt in every two Weeks, from the firſt of March to the
laſt of May, in every Year after this Act ſhall be in Force,
ſuch Parts of the ſaid River as ſhall be adjoining to his re-
ſpective Townſhip ; and having any Knowledge of any Of-
fence against this Act, he ſhall forthwith give Information to
the nextJuſtice of the Peace, who ſhall call fuch Offender
before him, byWarrant or Summons, and if , on hearing, he
ſhall appear to be guilty of any Offence against this Act, the
faid Juſtice ſhall take his Recognizance , with one fufficient
Surety, for his Appearance at the next Court of General
Quarter Seffions ofthe Peace, to be held for the ſaid County.
AND BE IT FURTHER ENACTED by the
Authority aforesaid, That after the Mill-Dams ſhall be al - Mill- dams
tered and built, agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning ofbeing made agreeableto
this Act, no Perſon or Perſons whatsoever, ſhall cast ordraw this Act, no
- any Net or Seine , in the ſaid River, within Twenty Perches Perfon to
draw a Seine
next below or above the faid Opening, hereby directed tobewithintwenty
left in the ſaid Dams , under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, to Perches,
be recovered and applied in Manner firſt aforesaid. PRO-
VIDED ALWAYS NEVERTHELESS, That
nothing in this Act contained, ſhall be conſtrued or under-
ſtood to deprive or hinder any Perſon from drawing a Seine
C or
:
:
636 Anno Regni Octavo GEORGII III. Regis.
or Net, for thetaking of Fiſh in any Part ofthe faid River,
except near the Dams as aforesaid.
:
PROVIDED ALSO, AND BE IT FUR-
What relates THER ENACTED by the Authority aforesaid, That
to regulating the ſeveral and reſpective Proviſions, Matters and Things
the Fishery in the
hereinbefore made,enumerated and expreſſed, for regulating
Brandywine, the Fiſhery in the River Brandywine, ſhall be, and ſhall be
to beof no
Force, until
deemed , held, conſtrued and taken to beof no Force ,Va-
aLaw is paf- lidity or Effect, until a Bill for remedying the ſame Mif-
fed for the chiefs and Inconveniences hereby intended to be remedied
fame Purpoſe in the ſaid River, ſhall be paſſed and enacted into a Law by
bythe Legi-
flature ofthe the Legislature ofthe Three Lower Counties of New-Castle,
LowerCoun- Kent and Suffex, upon Delaware, and be in full Force and
ties .
Virtue, any Thing herein contained to the contrary there-
of notwithstanding.
Paffed February 20, 1768.
--
!
!
1
1
ANNO
1
1
:
:
1
:
1
:
!
:
1
1
;
1
}
1
!
!
1
1
1
:
J
