Acts passed in 1894, 57 & 58 Victoria c.1 - c.60.
From Public General Acts, 1894.
---

1. An Act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five.

2. An Act to provide for carrying into effect the Award of the Tribunal of Arbitration constituted under a Treaty between Her Majesty the Queen and the United States of America.

3. An Act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

4. An Act to authorise an advance out of the general fund of monies belonging to the suitors of the Supreme Court in Ireland for the purposes of the Library used by the Bar of Ireland at the Four Courts, Dublin.

5. An Act to provide for the establishment of a County Councils Association in Scotland, and to enable County Councils to contribute to the Expenses of the Association.

6. An Act for amending the Law with respect to the Time for holding Quarter Sessions.

7. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five.

8. An Act to amend the Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893, in so far as it relates to the Island of Jersey.

9. An Act to amend the provisions of the Solicitors Act, 1877, relating to the Examination of Persons applying to be admitted Solicitors of the Supreme Court in England.

10. An Act to amend the Trustee Act, 1893.

11. An Act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

12. An Act to enable Indian Railway Companies to pay Interest out of Capital during construction.

13. An Act to amend the Law of Arbitration in Scotland.

14. An Act to extend the powers of the Fishery Board for Scotland in relation to Harbours and Piers.

15. An Act to amend the Law as regards Music and Dancing Licences in Middlesex.

16. An Act to amend the Supreme Court of Judicature Acts.

17. An Act to regulate the conditions as to Leave of Absence for certain Colonial Officers.

18. An Act to amend the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892.

19. An Act for enabling the Board of Agriculture to undertake Prosecutions in certain cases under the Merchandise Marks Act, 1887.

20. An Act to amend the Public Libraries Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1887.

21. An Act to amend the Bishopric of Bristol Act, 1884.

22. An Act to enable Police Constables to cause horses and certain other animals when mortally or seriously injured to be slaughtered.

23. An Act to amend the Commissioners of Works Act, 1852, and for other purposes relating to the Commissioners of Works.

24. An Act to amend the Wild Birds Protection Act, 1880.

25. An Act to empower Boards of Guardians to grant Relief to Members of Friendly Societies in Receipt of any Allowances from the same.

26. An Act to extend the Powers of Local Fisheries Committees with respect to Fisheries for Shell Fish.

27. An Act to amend the Law for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.

28. An Act for providing for notice of and inquiry into accidents occurring in certain Employments and Industries.

29. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-five.

30. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue, and t o make other provision for the financial arrangements of the year.

31. An Act for authorising the Treasury to indemnify the Bank of England with respect to the Transfer of Consolidated Bank Annuities standing in the name of the late Sultan of Zanzibar.

32. An Act to accelerate the Registration of Parochial Electors in England and Wales in the present year.

33. An Act to further amend the Industrial Schools Act, 1866.

34. An Act to provide for the purchase of certain Lands belonging to the Duke of Bedford by the Trustees of the British Museum.

35. An Act to amend the Charitable Trusts Acts.

36. An Act to amend the Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Acts in regard to the duties of the Assessor of Railways and Canals.

37. An Act for removal of the Restrictions on the use of Locomotive Engines for Threshing purposes.

38. An Act to amend the Public Libraries (Ireland) Acts.

39. An Act to make further provision for the establishment of Prize Courts, and for other purposes connected therewith.

40. An Act to provide for the attendance of Assessors at the trial and hearing of Maritime Causes in the Court of Session and Sheriff Courts in Scotland, and in Appeals to the House of Lords.

41. An Act to consolidate the Acts relating to the Prevention of Cruelty to, and Protection of, Children.

42. An Act to provide for the better regulation of Quarries.

43. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Management of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown.

44. An Act to amend the Law relating to Heritable Securities in Scotland.

45. An Act to regulate and restrict the wearing of Naval and Military Uniforms.

46. An Act to consolidate the Copyhold Acts.

47. An Act to amend the Building Societies Acts.

48. An Act to continue. various Expiring Laws.

49. An Act to amend the Juries (Ireland) Acts.

50. An Act to make further provision, with respect to the Congested Districts Board for Ireland.

51. An Act to make better provision for the Regulation of Chimney Sweepers.

52. An Act to amend the Provisions of the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1887, with respect to Check Weighers.

58. An Act to make better provision for the Equalisation of Rates as between the different parts of London.

54. An Act to amend the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888.

55. An Act to explain the provisions of Part II. of the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890; with respect to powers of borrowing.

56. An Act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

57. An Act to consolidate the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Acts, 1878 to 1893.

58. An Act to establish a Local Government Board for Scotland, and make further provision for Local Government in Scotland, and for other purposes.

59. An Act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundreds and ninety-five, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

60. An Act to consolidate Enactments relating to Merchant Shipping.

