THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS

PASSED IN THE NINTH AND TENTH YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE THE FIFTH;

BEING THE

FIRST SESSION OF THE THIRTY-FIRST PARLIAMENT OF THE UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

The Titles of the Local and Private Acts (including the Public Acts of a Local Character) passed during the Session (arranged according to Chapter).

9 & 10 GEORGE 5. A.D. 1919.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titles to which the better P. is prefixed are Public Acts of a Local Character.

Royal Assent, 28th March 1919.

P. i. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow and South Western Railway (Ayr Harbour Transfer). (Glasgow and South Western Railway (Ayr Harbour Transfer) Order Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 16th April 1919.

P. ii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Leith Harbour and Docks. (Leith Harbour and Docks Order Confirmation.)

P. iii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the North British Railway. (North British Railway Order Confirmation.)

iv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Standard Life Assurance Company. (Standard Life Assurance Company Order Confirmation.)

566 Table of the Statutes. [9 Sc 10 Geo. 5

V. An Act to confer further powers upon the Brentford Gas Company and for other purposes. (Brentford Gas.)

Royal Assent, 29th May 1919.

vi. An Act to extend the limits for the supply of gas of the South Shields Gas Company to confer further powers upon that Company in connexion with their undertaking and for other purposes. (South Shields Gas.)

vii. An Act for enabling D. H. Evans & Co. Limited to re-arrange its capital and to provide for the cancellation of its founders’ shares and to issue fully-paid ordinary shares in exchange therefor and for altering the memorandum and articles of association of that Company and to increase its capital and for enabling D. H. Evans & Co. Founders’ Shares Company Limited to accept such ordinary shares of D. H. Evans & Co. Limited in exchange for the founders’ shares of that Company and to pay to the directors of D. H. Evans & Co. Founders’ Shares Company Limited compensation for loss of office as directors of that company and for other purposes. (D. H. Evans & Co. Limited.)

viii. An Act to authorise the closing and disposal of the Church of St. George the Martyr in the City of Oxford and for other purposes. (Saint George's Church Oxford.)

ix. An Act to confer further powers upon the Belfast Harbour Commissioners with respect to the levying of tolls rates and charges and for other purposes. (Belfast Harbour.)

X. An Act to confer further powers upon the Dover Harbour Board with respect to the levying of tolls rates and charges and for other purposes. (Dover Harbour.)

xi. An Act to increase the maximum rates dues tolls and charges leviable by the Blyth Harbour Commissioners. (Blxfth Harbour.)

Xii. An Act to increase the maximum rates dues tolls and charges leviable by the Bristol Corporation in respect of their dock undertaking and for other purposes. (Bristol Corporation.)

xiii. An Act to increase the maximum rates dues tolls and charges leviable by the Dublin Port and Docks Board. (Dublin Port and Docks.)

xiv. An Act to increase the rates dues rents tolls and charges authorised to be levied and to extend the period for the completion of works authorised to be made, by the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board and for other purposes. (Mersey Docks and Harbour Board.)

XV. An Act to confer further powers on the Newport Harbour Commissioners with reference to wrecks and abandoned vessels. (Newport Harbour.)

xvi. An Act to provide for the transfer of the business of the Bankers Guarantee Trust to the Alliance Assurance Company Limited and for other purposes. (Bankers Guarantee Trust (:Transfer to Alliance Assurance).)

Royal Assent, 3rd June 1919.

p, xvii. An Act to confirm a Scheme approved and certified by the Board of Education under the Charitable Trusts Act 1853 relating to the Crossley and Porter Orphan Home and School. (Board of Education Scheme (Crossley and Porter Orphan Borne and School) Confirmation).

xviii. An Act to further postpone the times for the repayment of moneys borrowed by the Swansea Harbour Trustees and for other purposes. (Swansea Harbour.)

Royal Assent, 22nd July 1919.

xix. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Northampton Gaslight Company. (Northampton Gas.)

XX. An Act to change the name and extend the objects of the Legal and General Life Assurance Society and for other purposes. (Legal and General Assurance Society's.)

xxi. An Act to authorise the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough. of Hartlepool to acquire the ferry across the harbour at Hartlepool and to maintain improve and work the same and for other purposes. (Hartlepool Corporation.)

xxii. An Act to authorise the Mansfield Railway Company to construct a branch railway in the county of Nottingham in extension of their authorised undertaking to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Mansfield Railway.)

xxiii. An Act for changing the system of audit of accounts for the borough of Reigate and for other purposes. (Reigate Corporation.)

Xxiv. An Act to authorise the Hartlepool Gas and Water Company to construct waterworks to confer further powers upon that Company in connexion with their undertaking and for other purposes. (Hartlepool Gas and Water.)

XXV. An Act to sanction and confirm the construction by the Beccles Waterworks Company of existing works and for other purposes. (Beccles Waterworks.)

Pp 2

xxvi. An Act to confer further powers on the Tees Conservancy Commissioners with respect to rates and dues. (Tees Conservancy.)

xxvii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Stourport Gas Company. (Stourport Oas.)

xxviii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Sunderland Gas Company to extend their limits of supply and for other purposes. (Sunderland Gas.)

xxix. An Act to increase the maximum rates dues tolls and charges leviable by the River Wear Commissioners. (Wear Navigation and Sunderland Dock.)

XXX. An Act to confer further powers on the Chepstow Water Company and for other purposes. (Chepstow Water.)

P. xxxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Bridge of Allan Water. (Bridge of Allan Water Order Confirmation.)

P. xxxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh and Leith Corporations Gas. (Edinburgh and Leith Corporations Gas Order Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 31st July 1919.

xxxiii. An Act to confer powers on the London County Council and for other purposes. {London County Council (General Powers).)

xxxiv. An Act to confer further powers on the Sheringham Gas and Water Company and for other purposes. (Sheringham Gas. and Water.)

XXXV. An Act to empower the Fylde Water Board to extend the periods limited by the Fylde Water Board Acts 1910 and 1912 for the purchase of certain lands and the construction of certain works to increase the charges for the supply of water and for other purposes. (Fylde Water Board.)

xxxvi. An Act to confer further powers on the Llanelly Rural District Council in regard to their water undertaking. (Llanelly Rural District Water.)

xxxvii. An Act to authorise the Falmouth Docks Company to make additional works and to raise further capital and for other purposes. (Falmouth Docks.)

xxxviii. An Act to extend the powers of the Conservators of the River Medway to make further provisions with reference to the tolls and charges to be taken by the Conservators to provide for the appointment of additional Conservators and for other purposes. (.Medway Conservancy.)

Royal Assent, 15th August 1919.

xxxix. An Act to authorise the Newark Gas Company to raise additional capital to confer further powers upon the Company in connexion with their undertaking and for other purposes. (Newark Gas.)

xl. An Act to empower the Corporation of Stockton-on-Tees to work tramways to purchase and provide and run omnibuses to establish and work ferries across the River Tees and for other purposes. (Stockton-on-Tees Corporation.)

xli. An Act to incorporate and confer powers on the Stocks-bridge Gas Company and for other purposes. (Stocksbridge Gas.)

xlii. An Act to authorise the Commissioners of the Port and Harbour of Waterford to levy rates on goods to provide for the appointment of the chairman and vice-chairman of the Commissioners to confer further powers on the Commissioners and to amend their existing Acts and for other purposes. (Waterford Harbour.)

xliii. An Act to constitute the Corporation of Nuneaton the burial board for the borough to increase the number of the council to make better provision for the health local government and improvement of the borough to confer further powers upon the Corporation with respect to the supply of water and electricity and for other purposes. (Nuneaton Corporation.)

Xliv. An Act to authorise the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Poole to acquire the undertaking of the Poole Bridge Company and to make provision with regard to lands in the borough adjacent to the foreshore with regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough the establishment of a fund for the granting of superannuation allowances to officers and servants and for other purposes. (Poole Corporation.)

slv. An Act to regulate the expenditure on capital account and lending of money by the London County Council during the financial period from the first day of April one thousand nine hundred and nineteen to the thirtieth day of September one thousand nine hundred and twenty and for other purposes. (London County Council (Money).)

xlvi. An Act to increase the maximum rates dues tolls and charges leviable by the Manchester Ship Canal Company. (Manchester Ship Canal.)

xlvii. An Act to make further provision in regard to certain loans raised by the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Rotherham for the purposes of their electricity undertaking and in regard to the purchase of certain lands by them and for other purposes. (Rotherham Corporation.)

xlviii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Bournemouth Gas and Water Company. (Bournemouth Gas and Water.)

xlix. An Act to confer upon the Corporation of the City of Sheffield further powers for the construction of waterworks street improvements and tramways and for other purposes. (Sheffield Corporation.)

L An Act to confer further powers upon the lord mayor aider-men and citizens of the city of Birmingham in regard to their tramway undertaking and for the construction of street improvements and for other purposes. (Birmingham Corporation Tramways.)

II. An Act to provide for the transfer to the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Blackpool of the undertaking of the Blackpool and Fleetwood Tramroad Company and to empower the said mayor aldermen and burgesses to construct additional tramways and a street improvement and for other purposes. (Blackpool Improvement.)

III. An Act to alter the wards of the borough of East Ham to increase the number of aldermen and councillors of the borough to increase the number of guardians representing the parish of East Ham on the West Ham Poor Law Union and for other purposes. (East Ham Corporation.)

liiL An Act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Leeds to acquire lands for providing further housing accommodation and to construct tramways street improvements and waterworks to extend the boundary of the city and for other purposes. (Leeds Corporation.)

liv. An Act to empower the London Electric Railway Company to construct a new subway and for other purposes. (London Electric Railway.)

lv. An Act to empower the urban district council of Shoreham-by-Sea to construct a footbridge over the River Adur and for other purposes. (Shoreham-by-Sea Urban District Council.)

lvi. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Tynemouth to construct a new street and street improvements to provide and run trolley vehicles and omnibuses to make further provision with respect to the acquisition by them of tramways and light railways and to enable them to work the same to make further provision with respect to their water undertaking and for other purposes. (Tynemouth Corporation.)

lvii. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of West Hartlepool to construct a tramroad a tramway and a street work and to provide and work omnibuses within and beyond the borough and for other purposes. (West Hartlepool Corporation.)

lviii. An Act to confer powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Middlesbrough with respect to tramways and omnibuses to authorise them to construct street works to incorporate the Teesside Railless Traction Board and for other purposes. (Middlesbrough Corporation.)

lix. An Act to confer powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Workington with regard to the supply of electricity and for other purposes. (Workington Corporation.)

lx. An Act for increasing the dues rates tolls and charges leviable by the Tyne Improvement Commissioners and extending the time for completion of works. (Tyne Improvement.)

lxi. An Act to make provision for the transfer of the undertakings of the Longwood and Slaithwaite and the Kirkheaton Dalton and Lepton Gas Companies to the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Huddersfield to make further provision in regard to the gas undertaking of the said mayor aldermen and burgesses and for other purposes. (Huddersfield Corporation Gas.)

lxii. An Act for conferring further capital and other powers on the Dover Gas Company. (Dover Gas.)

lxiii. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Pembroke District Gas Company. (Pembroke District Gas.)

lxiv. An Act to confer further powers on the urban district council of Bed well ty with regard to the supply of electricity and gas and for other purposes. (Bedwellty Urban District Council.)

Ixv. An Act to enlarge the powers of the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Birmingham in relation to the provision of housing accommodation and the acquisition of lands to authorise them to establish a savings and housing bank and for other purposes. (Birmingham Corporation.)

572 Table of the Statutes. [9 & 10 Geo. 5.

Ixvi. An Act to amend the powers of the Milford Docks Company of levying rates to revive the powers for the construction of a pier arid for other purposes. (Milford Docks.)

Ixvii. An Act to enable the Stretford Urban District Council to purchase the undertaking of the Trafford Power and Light Supply (1902) Limited and to confer further powers on the Council in regard to their electricity undertaking to authorise the Council to provide and run omnibuses and to make further provision for the improvement health good government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (,Stretford Urban District Council.)

lxviii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Londonderry Port and Harbour Commissioners and for other purposes. (Londonderry Port and Harbour.)

lxix. An Act to consolidate the local rates leviable in the city and county of Newcastle-upon-Tyne and to make provision with respect thereto and for other purposes. (Newcastle-upon-Tyne Corporation (Rates).) f

P. lxx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1899 relating to Coity Wallia Commons in the county of Glamorgan and for purposes incidental thereto. (Commons Regulation (Coity Wallia) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

P. lxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Cowes and Findochty. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation)

P. lxxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Chepstow (Extension). (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation.)

lxxiii. An Act to amend the enactments relating to the expenses of the Police Force of the City of London. (City of London Police.)

P. lxxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Elstree and Boreham Wood Gas and Tonbridge Water. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation.)

P. lxxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Birkenhead Blackburn Godaiming Hyde and the District of the Heywood and Middleton Water Board. (Local Governmetit Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

A.D. 1919.] Local Acts. 573

p. lxxvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Ashborne Beckenham Liverpool Lytham Manchester Padiliam and Rhyl. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

?. lxxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bacup Burnley Finchley Scarborough Swindon and the Hitchin Rural and Letch worth Urban Joint Hospital District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. lxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Chester and Lancaster. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. Ixxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Lowestoft. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. lxxx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the local Government Board relating to the District of the Southport Birkdale and West Lancashire Water Board. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. lxxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating toMorley and the Middlesex Districts Joint Small-pox Hospital District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation. (No. 7).)

P* lxxxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the County Borough of Cork and the Urban District of Dungarvan. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation.)

P. lxxxiii. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of certain Charities.

(Wells Particular Baptist and Congregational Chapels Charities Scheme Confirmation.)

P« lxxxiv. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity called the National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty incorporated by the National Trust Act 1907 (7 Edw. VII. cap. cxxxvi. Local and Private). (National Trust Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

* Ixxxv. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity called or known as the Brooke Robinson Museum in the Borough of Dudley in the County of Worcester. (Brooke Itobinson Museum Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

574 Table of the Statutes. [9 & 10 Geo. 5.

P* lxxxvi. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of certain charities. (Congregational Chapels Scheme Confirmation.)

P# lxxxvii. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of certain property in the Parish of Eatington in the County of Warwick used as a schoolroom in connexion with the Wesleyan Methodist Chapel in the said Parish. (Eatington Wesleyan Methodist Chapel Property Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

P• lxxxviii. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity called or known as Plumptre Hospital in. the City of Nottingham. (Plumptre Hospital Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

P. lxxxix. An Act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the Baptist chapel and trust property in the parish of Headcorn in the county of Kent. (Headcorn Baptist Chapel Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

P. xc. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Oldham and Chadderton Tramways and Thornaby-on-Tees Corporation Tramway. (Tramways Orders Confirmation.)

P* xci. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Harbour and Tay Ferries. (Dundee Harbour and Tay Ferries Order Confirmation.)

P. xcii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Greenock Port and Harbours. (Greenock Port and Harbours Order Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 19th August 1919.

P. xciii. An Act to confer a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Ardrossan Harbour. (Ardrossan Harbour Order Confirmation)

P. xciv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Fraserburgh Harbour. (Fraserburgh Harbour (Rates) Order Confirmation.) ^

P. xcv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Peterhead Harbours. (Peterhead Harbours Order Confirmation.)

A.D. 1919.] Local Acts. 575

f.xcvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation. (Glasgow Corporation Order Confirmation.)

p. xcvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Clyde Valley Electrical Power. (Clyde Valley Electrical Power Order Confirmation.)

P, xcviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Clyde Navigation. (Clyde Navigation Order Confirmation.)

P. xeix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Scottish Widows’ Fund and Life Assurance Society. (Scottish Widows’ Fund and Life Assurance Society's Order Confirmation.)

P. C. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Victoria Infirmary of Glasgow. (Victoria Infirmary of Glasgow Act 1888 (.Amendment) Order Confirmation.)

ci. An Act for empowering the City and South London Railway Company to construct new subways and works to raise further money to alter the periods during which the Company may pay interest out of capital and make up dividends on preference capital and for other purposes. (City and South London Railway.)

cii. An Act to authorise the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Leicester to acquire certain lands for the purpose of a generating station to confer upon them further powers with reference to the holding and disposal of lands to extend the time for the construction of certain authorised tramways and for other purposes. (.Leicester% Corporation)

Royal Assent, 20th November 1919.

Clii. An Act to authorise the acquisition by the Ammanford Gas Company of the undertaking of the Garnant Gas Company to confer further powers on the Ammanford Gas Company and for other purposes. (Ammanford Gas.)

'An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Granton Barbour. (Granton Harbour Order Confirmation.)

' An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh Corporation. (Edinburgh Corporation Order Confirmation.)

576 Table of the Statutes. [9 & 10 Geo. 5.

P. cvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Fraserburgh Harbour. (Fraserburgh Harbour (New Works) Order Confirmation.)

P. cvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Arbroath Harbour. (Arbroath Harbour Order Confirmation.)

cviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Wick Harbour. (Wick Harbour Order Confirmation.)

P. cix. An Act to confirm a ProvisionaJ Order made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to West Hampshire Water. (Water Order Confirmation.)

P. CX. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Scottish Amicable Life Assurance Society. (Scottish Amicable Life Assurance Society's Order Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 23rd December 1919.

P- cxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under section eight of the Police Act 1893 uniting the Police and Fire Brigade Pension Funds of the City of Cardiff. (Provisional Order (City of Cardiff Police and Fire Brigade Pension Funds) Confirmation.)

#

P. cxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Greenock Improvement. (Greenock Improvement Order Confirmation.)

P. cxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation Water. (Glasgow Water Order Confirmation.)

P. cxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to the District of the Rhymney Valley Sewerage Board and to Warrington. (Ministry of Health Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. I).)

cxv. An Act to make amendments with respect to the Constitution and Endowments of the Foundation of the Military Knights of Windsor. (Military Knights of Windsor.)

cxvi. An Act to confer further powers on the Swinton and Mexborough Gas Board. (Swinton and Mexborough Gas Board.)

cxvii. An Act to authorise the urban district council of Cannock to provide and run omnibuses within and beyond the urban district of Cannock and for other purposes. (Cannock Urban District Council.)

A.D. 1919.] Local Acts. 577

cxviii. An Act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Walsall with regard to their electricity undertaking to authorise the said mayor aldermen and burgesses to provide and work motor omnibuses on additional routes outside the borough to enlarge their powers in relation to the acquisition of lands and to make further provision with regard to the local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes.

(Walsall Corporation.)

cxix. An Act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Manchester to obtain a supply of water from Hawes water and other sources in Westmorland to provide for the transfer to them of the undertaking of the North Cheshire Water Company to make further provision in regard to their water and electricity undertakings and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation.)

cxx. An Act to incorporate the St. Just (Falmouth) Ocean Wharves and Railways Company and to empower that Company to construct wharves and railways in the county of. Cornwall and for other purposes. (St. Just (Falmouth) Ocean Wharves and Railways.)

cxxi. An Act to empower the Shropshire Worcestershire and Staffordshire Electric Power Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes.. (Shropshire Worcestershire and Staffordshire Electric Power.)

cxxii. An Act to authorise the Gosport and Alverstoke Urban District Council to construct works and to establish a ferry undertaking to provide for the constitution of a joint board of that Council and the council of the county borough of Portsmouth for certain purposes in relation to Portsmouth Harbour and for other purposes. (Gosport and Alverstoke Urban District Council.)

578 Table of the Statutes. [9 & 10 Geo. 5.

PRIVATE ACT. ;

Printed by the King’s Printer, and whereof the Printed

Copies may be given in evidence.

Royal Assent, 15th August 1919.

I. An Act for confirming an Agreement between the trustees of the Clowes Settled Estates and the Manchester Ship Canal Company for the conveyance to the company of lands forming part of the settled estates in the county of Lancaster in consideration of rentcharges to be created by the company. (Clowes Settled Estate.)

PRIVATE ACTS.

Not Printed.

Royal Assent, 16th April 1919.

An Act to dissolve the marriage of George Fitzroy Cavendish Clarke of the Steeple Antrim in the County of Antrim Major in His Majesty’s Royal Irish Rifles with Florence Jean Cavendish Clarke his now wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. (Cavendish Clarke Divorce.)

%

Royal Assent, 31st July 1919.

An Act to dissolve the marriage of George Roland Alexander Pallin with Clara Eileen his now wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. (Pallin's Divorce.)

An Act to dissolve the marriage of Anna Theodosia Hester Stoney of 69 Adelaide Road Dublin in the county of Dublin with Leigh Sadleir Stoney a Lieutenant-Colonel (retired) in the 4th Battalion Royal Irish Fusiliers her now husband and to enable her to marry again and for other purposes. (Stoney's Divorce.)

Ro?al Assent, 15th August 1919.

An Act to dissolve the marriage of Maurice Boland with Annie Boland his now wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. (Boland's Divorce.)

19 2 0. >

THE

LQ&AL AND PRIVATE ACTS w

w-

>gJ^SED‘IN THE TENTH AND ELEVENTH YEARS

\Af THE y \
---
OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE THE FIFTH;

BEING THE

SECOND SESSION OF THE THIRTY-FIRST PARLIAMENT OF THE UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT

BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

THE TITLES OF THE LOCAL AND PRIVATE ACTS (INCLUDING THE PUBLIC ACTS OF A LOCAL CHARACTER) PASSED DURING THE SESSION (ARRANGED ACCORDING TO CHAPTER).

10 & 11 GEORGE 5. A.D. 1920.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titles to which the Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts of a Local Character.

Royal Assent, 31st March 1920.
---
i. An Act to enable the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company to increase the nominal amount of the ordinary stock of the Company. (City of Dublin Steam Packet Company's.)

ii. An Act to provide for the transfer of the business of the Colonial and Foreign Banks Guarantee Corporation to the Alliance Assurance Company Limited and for other purposes. (Colonial and Foreign Banks Guarantee Corporation (Transfer and Alliance Assurance).)

iii. An Act to amend Henry Bath and Son’s (Delivery Warrants) Act 1890. (Henry Bath and Son's (Delivery Warrants) Act, 1890 Amendment.)

Royal Assent, 20th May 1920.

iv. An Act to confer further powers upon Price’s Patent Candle Company Limited to repeal certain provisions of its existing Acts and for other purposes. (Price's Patent Candle Company Limited.)

V. An Act to extend the periods limited by the Abertillery and District Water Board Acts 1910 and 1914 for the construction of certain works and for other purposes. (AbertiUery and District Water Board.)

A 2 3

[A.D. 1920.] Table of the Statutes. [10 & 11 Geo. 5.]

vi. An Act to make further provision in regard to the undertaking of the South Wales Electrical Power Distribution Company. (South Wales Electrical Power Distribution Company.)

Vii. An Act to confer further powers on the Rugby Gas Company and for other purposes. (Rugby Gas.)

viii. An Act to empower the Lee Conservancy Board to prepare a scheme or schemes for the regulation and mitigation of the flooding of lands in the watershed of the River Lee and its tributaries and for other purposes. (River Lee Watershed (Flood Prevention).)

ix. An Act to extend the periods limited by the Ebbw Vale Water Act 1913 and the Ebbw Vale Urban District Council Act 1917 for the purchase of certain lands and the construction of certain works and for other purposes. (Ebbw Vale Urban District Council.)

X. An Act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Farmers Land Purchase Company. (Farmers Land Purchase Company's.)

xi. An Act to confer further powers upon the Lands Improvement Company. (Lands Improvement Company's Amendment.)

xii. An Act to confer powers on the Llantrisant and Llantwit Fardre Rural District Council with reference to the borrowing of money and the supply of water and for other purposes. (Llantrisant and Llantwit Fardre Rural District Council.)

xiii. An Act for the abandonment of the undertaking and winding-up and dissolution of Penllwyn Railway Company and for matters incidental thereto. (Penllwyn Railway (Abandonment).)

xiv. An Act to authorise the Tyne Improvement Commissioners to acquire further lands and to levy increased dues rates tolls and charges and for other purposes. (Tyne Improvement.)

XV. An Act for conferrng further powers upon the Great Eastern Railway Company. (Great Eastern Railway.)

XVi. An Act to make further provision with respect to the water undertaking of the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Lancaster. (Lancaster Corporation Water.)

P. XVii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Blaydon. (Ministry of Health Provisional Order (1919) Confirmation (Housing).)

P. xviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Dublin Port Sanitary Authority the Urban Districts of Killiney and Bally-brack and Sligo and the County of Limerick. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

[10 & 11 Geo. 5.] Local Acts. [A.D. 1920.]

Royal Assent, 2nd July 1920.

Xix. An Act to provide for the redemption of the debentures issued by the Humber Commercial Railway and Dock Company and for an increase of the rent payable by the Great Central Railway Company under the lease of the Humber Commercial Railway and Dock Company’s undertaking. (Humber Commercial Railway and Docks.)

XX. An Act to authorise the Maidenhead Gas Company to acquire further lands for gasworks. (Maidenhead Gas.)

XXi. An Act to confer further powers on the urban district council of Risca in regard to their gas undertaking to authorise the Council to provide and run omnibuses and to make further provision for the improvement heath and local government of their district and for other purposes. (Risca Urban District Council.)

xxii. An Act to confer powers upon the urban district council of the urban district of Llandrindod Wells in the county of Radnor with reference to the utilisation of certain springs and ' the provision of pump rooms and baths to confer further financial and other powers upon the Council and for other purposes. (Llandrindod Wells Urban District Council.)

XXiii. An Act to confer powers upon the Masham Urban District Council with regard to the supply of gas and electricity and for other purposes. (Masham Urban District Council.)

XXiv. An Act to confer further powers on the Severn Commissioners. (Severn Navigation.)

XXV. An Act to confer further powers upon the North Metropolitan Electric Power Supply Company. (North Metropolitan Electric Power Supply).

xxvi. An Act to alter the rates for the supply of water by the Great Yarmouth Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Great Yarmouth Waterwwks.)

XXVii. An Act to extend the time for the completion of street improvements at Spitalfields and to confer further powers upon the Corporation of London with respect to certain of their markets and in regard to the City of London Police and for other purposes. (City of London (Various Powers).)

XXViii. An Act to repeal the exemption from rating of certain lands reclaimed from the River Thames. (Corporation of London (Rating of Reclaimed Lands).)

XXix. An Act to confer further powers upon the Wandsworth Wimbledon and Epsom District Gas Company and for other purposes. (Wandsworthy Wimbledon and Epsom District Gas).

XXX. An Act to authorise the South Hants Waterworks Company to raise additional capital to confer further powers upon the Company and for other purposes. (South Hants Water.)

i [A.D. 1920.] Table of the Statutes. [10 & 11 Geo. 5.]

XXXi. An Act to consolidate and amend the constitution of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland and to provide for the management of its affairs and for other purposes. {Bank of Scotland.)

XXXii. An Act to sanction and confirm the construction of waterworks by the Tees Valley Water Board to authorise the Board to construct additional waterworks to make better provision with regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes. {Tees Valley Water.)

xxxiii. An Act to amend the Mersey Railway Act 1900. {Mersey Railway.)

xxxiv. An Act to extend the period during which certain increased maximum rates dues tolls and charges may be levied by the River Wear Commissioners. {Wear Navigation and Surtderland Dock.)

XXXV. An Act to confer further powers on the Seaham Harbour Dock Company. {Seaham Harbour Dock.)

XXXvi. An Act for enabling the Tees Conservancy Commissioners further to improve the river and to reclaim further lands therefrom to create and issue new debenture stock and to raise further moneys and for other purposes. {Tees Conservancy.)

xxxvii. An Act to confer further powers upon the Rochester Chatham and Gillingham Gas Company. {Rochester Chatham and Gillingham Gas.)

xxxviii. An Act to confer further powers on the Tyneside Tramways and Tramroads Company. {Tyneside Tramways and Tramroads.)

xxxix. An Act to confer further powers on the Belfast City and District Water Commissioners. {Belfast Water.)

P. xl. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation. {Glasgow Corporation Order Confirmation.)

P. xli. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Mother-well and Wishaw Burghs (Amalgamation and Extension). {Motherwell and Wishaw Burgh Order Confirmation.)

P. xlii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Irvine Harbour. {Irvine Harbour Order Confirmation.)

P. xliii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dumbarton Burgh Gas. (Dumbarton Burgh Gas Order Confirmation.)

[10 & 11 G eo. 5.] Local Acts, [A.D. 1920,]

p# xliv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

p. xlv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Birkenhead Carlisle Carnarvon Llandudno Southampton Stockton-on-Tees and Weston-super-Mare. (Ministry of Health Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

p. xlvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to St. Helens Spalding Stockport Tunbridge Wells Westhoughton Wimbledon and the Middlesex Districts Joint Small-pox Hospital District. (Ministry of Health Pro-visional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

Royal Assent, 4th August 1920.

xlvil. An Act to empower the corporation of Swansea to construct an aqueduct to consolidate the local rates leviable in the borough and to make better provision for the health local government and finance of the borough and for other purposes. (Swansea Corporation.)

xlviii. An Act to increase the rates and charges which may be taken in respect of the tramways of the Wrexham and District Transport Company Limited and for other purposes. (Wrexham District Tramways.)

xlix. An Act to increase and alter the tolls rates and dues authorised to be levied by and the borrowing powers of the Upper Mersey Navigation Commissioners and for other purposes. (Upper Mersey Navigation.)

1. An Act to extend the powers of the company of proprietors of the Port of Portsmouth Floating Bridge with regard to the provision and running of steam vessels to increase the tolls authorised to be taken by them to authorise them to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Port of Portsmouth Floating Bridge.)

li. An Act to empower the urban district council of Wood Green to sell exchange and appropriate certain common or waste lands and to construct a new street and street improvements to make further provision with regard to the improvement health local government and finance of the district the establishment of a fund for the granting of superannuation allowances to officers and servants and for other purposes. (Wood Green Urban District Council.)

111. An Act to authorise the urban district council of New-townards to borrow further money for their gas and water undertakings to make further provision with respect to the supply of gas and water and for the improvement and local government of the district and for other purposes. (Newtownards Urban District Council.)

[A.D. 1920.] Table of the Statutes. [10 & 11 Geo. 5.]

lili. An Act to confer upon the urban district council of Filey powers in relation to certain pleasure-grounds known as the Crescent Gardens and South Crescent Gardens and for other purposes. (Filey Urban District Council.)

liv. An Act to provide for the transfer to the St. Annes-on-the-Sea Urban District Council of the undertaking of the Blackpool St. Annes and Lytham Tramways Company Limited and to empower the Council to run tramways and for other purposes. (St. Annes-on-the-Sea Urban District Council.)

lv. An Act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Croydon in regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes. (Croydon Corporation.)

lvi. An Act to empower the urban district council of Gelligaer to acquire lands and to construct street improvements to confer further powers on the Council in regard to their electricity undertaking to authorise the Council to provide and run omnibuses to make further provision with regard to the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Oelligaer Urban District Council.)

lvii. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Newport to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Newport Corporation.)

lviii. An Act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Liverpool to construct an additional line of pipes to form part of the Vymwy Aqueduct and for other purposes. (Liverpool Corporation Waterworks.)

lix. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Folkestone to provide concert halls and entertainments to make further provision for the improvement and good government of the borough to provide for the increase of the number of the council and of the wards of the borough the consolidation of rates and other matters. (Folkestone Corporation.)

lx. An Act to transfer and vest in the Council of the urban district of Redcar the undertaking of the Redcar Coatham Marske and Saltbum Gas Company and to authorise the Council to supply gas and for other purposes. (Redcar Urban District Council Gas.)

ixi. An Act to enable the Liverpool Copper Wharf Company Limited to issue transferable certificates and warrants for the delivery of goods and for other purposes. (Liverpool Copper Wharf Company Limited (Delivery Warrants).)

Ixii. An Act to increase the tolls rates and charges authorised by the Londonderry Bridge Acts 1859 and 1877. (Londonderry

Bridge.)

[10 & 11 Geo. 5.] Local Acts. [A.D. 1920.]

lxiii. An Act to provide for the consolidation of the rates of the borough of Bootle to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the said borough to make further provision for the health local government and improvement of the borough and with regard to financial matters and for other purposes.

(.Bootle Corporation.)

lxiV. An Act for conferring further powers op the Eastbourne Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Eastbourne Waterworks.)-

lxv. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Bridlington to construct a new street and street improvements to provide and run omnibuses and for other purposes. (Bridlington Corporation.)

lxvi. An Act to authorise the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Nottingham and county of the same city to construct tramways and street improvements to run motor omnibuses on additional routes and for other purposes. (Nottingham Corporation. )

lxvii. An Act to empower the Pontypridd Urban District Council to construct street works tramways and a tramroad to confer further powers upon them with regard to rivers and streams to make further provision in regard to the tramways and gas undertakings of the Council and for other purposes. (Pontypridd Urban District Council.)

lxviii. An Act to extend the boundaries of the borough of Portsmouth to authorise the Corporation of the borough to construct new tramways and to confer upon them further powers with respect to their tramway and electricity undertakings to consolidate the local rates leviable in the borough to make better provisions for the health local government and finance of the borough and for other purposes. (Portsmouth Corporation.)

lxix. An Act to make further provision with respect to the tramway undertaking of the Rhondda Urban District Council to authorise the Council to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Rhondda Urban District Council.)

lxx. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Wolverhampton to construct street improvements and to provide and work omnibuses to make further provision with regard to the tramway and water undertakings of the Corporation and for other purposes. (Wolverhampton Corporation.)

lxxi. An Act to enable the South Metropolitan Gas Company to sell gas on a heat unit basis to make new provision as to charges for the gas and application of the profits of the Company to extend the powers of the Company to amalgamate with or purchase other undertakings and for other purposes. (South Metropolitan Oas.)

9

[A.D. 1920.] Table of the Statutes. [10 & 11 Geo. 5.]

lxxii. An Act to authorise the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to construct further works and for other purposes.

(Mersey Docks and Harbour Board.)

lxxiii. An Act to enable the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Huddersfield to purchase the Ramsden Estate in the borough and adjoining parish of Honley and for other purposes. (Huddersfield Corporation (Lands).)

lxxiv. An Act to constitute a Water Board for a portion of the Dearne Valley in the west riding of Yorkshire with power to acquire water undertakings and supply water and for other purppses. (Dearne Valley Water.)

lxxv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Londonderry Port and Harbour Commissioners and for other purposes. (Londonderry Port and Harbour.)

lxxvi. An Act to empower the Corporation of Halifax to construct additional tramways street widenings and improvements and to confer further powers with respect .to their electricity and gas undertakings and for the consolidation of the local rates and for other purposes. (Halifax Corporation.)

lxxvii. An Act to authorise the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Leigh to provide and run omnibuses within and beyond the borough of Leigh and for other purposes. (Leigh Corporation.)

lxxviii. An Act to confer further powers on the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Sutton Coldfield. (Sutton Coldfield Corporation.)

lxxix. An Act to empower the urban district council of Tredegar to construct additional waterworks to make further provision with regard to the supply of water gas and electricity and for other purposes. (Tredegar Urban District Council.)

P. lxxx. An Act to amend the Weardale and Consett Water Act 1915 and for other purposes. (Weardale and Consett Water.)

lxxxi. An Act to authorise the Great Northern Railway Company to construct a new railway arid widenings of railways and other works and to acquire lands and to confer further powers upon that Company to authorise the Great Northern and Great Eastern Joint Committee to construct certain works to authorise the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee to acquire certain lands and for other purposes. (Great Northern Railway.)

lxxxii. An Act to empower the Central London Railway Company to construct new railways and the Metropolitan District and Metropolitan Railway Companies to enlarge their Aldgate East Station to confer further powers on those companies and for other purposes. (Central London and Metropolitan District Railway Companies (Works).)

[10 & II Geo. 5.] Local Acts. [A.D. 1920.]

lxxxiii. An Act to alter the boundaries of the borough of Blackpool to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of that borough to construct tramroads a tramway a promenade street improvements and other works and for other purposes. (Blackpool Improvement.)

lxxxiv. An Act to authorise the Hastings Tramways Company to work a tramway authorised by the Hastings Tramways (Extensions) Act 1903 by electrical power on the overhead system and to construct the necessary works for that purpose. (.Hastings Tramways.)

1XXXV. An Act to authorise the construction of certain new works for improving the harbour of Dover the raising of further moneys by the Dover Harbour Board and for other purposes. (Dover Harbour.)

P. lxxxvi. An Act to repeal and re-enact with amendments the Pontypridd Stipendiary Magistrate’s Act 1872. (Pontypridd Stipendiary Magistrate.)

lxxxvii. An Act to extend the boundaries of the city and Royal burgh of Edinburgh and the county of the city of Edinburgh to extend the city parish of Edinburgh to transfer to and vest in the Corporation of the extended city the undertakings of the Edinburgh and District Water Trustees the Edinburgh and Leith Corporations Gas Commissioners and the Water of Leith Purification and Sewerage Commissioners to extend the limits of compulsory water supply and the limits of gas supply to construct tramways and works to provide and work motor omnibuses within the extended city to acquire lands to authorise the Corporation to make byelaws as to aviation to extend the time for the purchase of lands and completion of authorised works to borrow money to lend money to the Commissioners for the Harbour and Docks of Leith to amend and extend the Edinburgh Municipal and Police and other Acts and for other purposes. (Edinburgh Boundaries Extension and Tramways.)

lxxxviii. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Coventry to construct street improvements and additional tramways to extend their powers for the running of motor omnibuses to make further provision with regard to the tramway gas electricity and water undertakings of the Corporation and with regard to the health local government and improvement of the city to provide for the consolidation of rates and for other purposes. (Coventry Corporation.)

lxxxix. An Act to make provision with regard to drainage of premises to dwelling-houses on low-lying lands to establishments for massage or special treatment and to employment agencies and to confer powers upon the London County Council the corporation of the city of London and the metropolitan borough councils and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).)

[A.D. 1920.] Table of the Statutes. [10 & 11 Geo. 5.]

XC. An Act to authorise the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Lowestoft to provide and work trolley vehicles and motor omnibuses to make further provision with regard to the supply of electricity with regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough the consolidation of the rates in the borough and for other purposes. (Lowestoft Corporation.)

XCi. An Act to enable the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city and county of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to construct and work additional tramways and tramroads to confer upon them further powers with reference to the running of motor omnibuses and for other purposes. (Newcastle-upon-Tyne Corporation.)

XCii. An Act to empower the corporation of the city of Sheffield to execute certain street improvements and construct additional tramways to make better provision for the health and local government of the city to consolidate the local rates leviable in the city and for other purposes. (Sheffield Corporation.)

xciii. An Act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Southampton for the construction of tramways and to empower them to acquire lands for a hospital and for other purposes. (Southampton Corporation.)

XCiV. An Act to authorise the Brighton and Hove General Gas Company to raise additional capital to confer further powers upon the Company and for other purposes. (Brighton arid Hove Gas.)

XCV. An Act to make provision for the transfer of the undertaking of the City of Norwich Waterworks Company to the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Norwich to empower the said mayor aldermen and citizens to construct a new bridge and other works and for other purposes. (Norwich Corporation.)

xcvi. An Act to constitute a Water Board for the county of Durham to empower the Board to acquire the undertaking of the Weardale and Consett Water Company and to supply water within the limits of supply of that company and for other purposes. (Durham County Water Board.)

XCVii. An Act to confer further powers upon the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Manchester with reference to the extension of their town hall and the construction of street improvements tramways and sewerage and other works to make further provision for the granting of superannuation allowances to their officers and servants and for other purposes. |Manchester Corporation.)

XCViii. An Act to authorise the South Suburban Gas Company to manufacture and store gas and residual products on certain lands and to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (South Suburban Gas.)

12

[10 & 11 Geo. 5.] Local Acts. [A.D. 1920.]

xcix. An Act for incorporating the Derwent Valley Calver and Bakewell Railway Company and authorising them to construct railways in the county of Derby and for other purposes. (Derwent Valley Calver and Bakewell Railway.)

p. c. An Act to confirm an agreement entered into by the Admiralty for the acquisition of a harbour at Invergordon and certain properties rights and powers in connexion therewith. (Invergordon Harbour (Transfer).)

P. ci. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the City of Dublin the Urban Districts of Ballymena and Lame and the Rural District of Tralee. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. cii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Provisional Order (Marriages) Act 1905. (Provisional Order (Marriages) Confirmation.)

P. ciii. An Act to confirm certain Pilotage Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Pilotage Act 1913 relating to the Pilotage Districts of Liverpool and Manchester. (Pilotage Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. civ. An Act to confirm certain Pilotage Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Pilotage Act 1913 relating to the Pilotage Districts of Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway and Newry and Carlingford. (Pilotage Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P. CV. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Braintree and Booking Gas Great Marlow Gas Ilford Gas Stone Gas Taunton Gas and Watford Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation.)

P. CVi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Great Yarmouth Gas Mablethorpe and Sutton Gas Bristol Water East Kent District Water Mid Kent Water and South Kent Water. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation.)

P. CVii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Airdrie and Coatbridge Tramways. (Airdrie and Coatbridge Tramways Order Confirmation.)

P. cviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Corporation. (Dundee Corporation Order Confirmation.)

P* CVix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dunfermline and District Tramways. (Dunfermline and District Tramways Order Confirmation.) mm13

[A.D. 1920.] Table of the Statutes. [10 & 11 Geo. 5.]

P# CX. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Leeds Torquay Wallasey and the Saint Austell Joint Hospital District. (Ministry of Health Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. CXL An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Chiswick Dartford Denton Orsett (Rural) Rochdale Rotherham (Rural) Southport the Thurrock Grays and Tilbury Joint Sewerage District and the County Palatine of Lancaster. (Ministry of Health Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. CXii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Bognor Bradford Keighley Southend-on-Sea Tynemouth and the Rochester and Chatham Joint Sewerage District. (Ministry of Health Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. cxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Bradford Brighton Buxton Fulwood Gravesend Leek Manchester Neath Paignton and the Whitchurch and District Joint Hospital District. (Ministry of Health Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. CXiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Birkenhead Derby Dunheved otherwise Launceston Great Yarmouth Wakefield and Widnes. (Ministry of Health Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

p. CXV. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Wallingford. (Ministry of Health Provisional Order Confirmation (Gas).)

p. CXVi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Southampton. (Ministry of Health Provisional Order Confirmation (Southampton Extension).)

P. CXViL An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Lincoln. (Ministry of Health Provisional Order Confirmation (Lincoln Extension).)

P. CXViii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Hertford. (Ministry of Health Provisional Order Confirmation (Hertford Extension).)

P. cxix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Minister of Transport under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Gravesend Rosherville and Northfleet Tramways (Amendment) and Warrington Corporation Tramways (Extension). (Tramways Orders Confirmation).)

P. CXX. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Minister of Transport under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861 relating to Harwich Llanelly Newlyn Padstow and Penryn. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

[10 & 11 Geo. 5.] Local Acts. [A.I). 1920.

p. cxxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made, by the Minister of Transport under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Blackpool Deal Kyemouth and Truro. (Pies and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

P, exxii. An Act to oonfirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Acts 1861 and 1918 relating to an area drained by the River Ouse and its tributaries. (Land Drainage (Ouse) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 9th August 1920.

P. cxxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Aberdeen Corporation. (Aberdeen Corporation Order Confirmalum.)

P« CXXiv. An Act to confirm certain Pilotage Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Pilotage Act 1913 relating to the Pilotage Districts of the Clyde Dundee Fraserburgh and Peterhead. (Pilotage Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. CXXV. An Act to confirm a certain Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban District of Lurgan. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. CXXVi. An Act to confii/m a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Chesterfield. (Ministry of Health Provisional Order Confirmation (Chesterfield Extension).)

CXXVii. An Act to constitute a water board for Mid-Glamorgan with power to acquire certain water undertakings and works to construct new works and to supply water and for other purposes. (Mid-Glamorgan Water.)

cxxviil. An Act to alter the wards and to increase the numbei of aldermen and councillors of the borough of Wallasey to authorise the Corporation to provide and work omnibuses to consolidate the rates of the borough and to confer further powers upon the Corporation with reference to the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Wallasey Corporation.)

CXXix. An Act to confer further powers on the Life Association of Scotland. (Life Association of Scotland.)

exxx. An Act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the High Wycombe Gas Light and Coke Company Limited to the Uxbridge Gas Company to extend the limits of supply of the latter company and to change their name and for other purposes. (Uxbridge and Wycombe District Gas.)

CXXXi. An Act to authorise the acquisition and management by the urban district council of Exmouth for recreation and other purposes of lands and foreshore within their district and for other purposes. (Exmouth Urban District Council.)

15

[A.D. 1920.] Table of the Statutes. [10 & 11 Geo. 5.]

CXXXii. An Act to provide for the substitution of a memorandum and articles of association for the provisions of the contracts of copartnery Royal Charter and private Acts now constituting and governing the North British and Mercantile Insurance Company and for the registration of the Company under the Companies Acts 1908 to 1917 as a company limited by shares and for other purposes. (North British and Mercantile Insurance Company’s.)

CXXXiii. An Act to authorise Lever Brothers Limited to construct wharves a railway and other works in the parish of Bromborough in the county of Chester and for other purposes. (Lever Brothers Limited (Wharves and Railway).)

Royal Assent, 16th August 1920.

cxxxiv. An Act to amalgamate the City of London Court with the Mayor’s Court of London and for purposes in connection therewith. (Mayor’s and City of London Court.)

P. CXXXV. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to New Windsor. (Ministry of Health Provisional Order Confirmation (New Windsor Extension).)

P. CXXXVi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Widnes. (Ministry of Health Provisional Order Confirmation (Widnes Extension).)

P. cxxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Alloa Water. (Alloa Water Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Coatbridge Burgh. (Coatbridge Burgh Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxxix. An Act to amend the Royal Charters and Acts of Parliament relating to the Royal Bank of Scotland and to confer further powers on the Bank. (Royal Bank of Scotland.)

Cxi. An Act to provide for the temporary guarantee by the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Sunderland over a period of years of interest upon certain mortgages created by the River Wear Commissioners and to make other provisions with respect to such mortgages and for other purposes. (Wear Navigation and Sunderland Dock (Finance).)

CXli. An Act to empower the Corporation of Merthyr Tydfil to construct a street work to provide and work omnibuses and to provide recreation grounds and to make further provision with regard to the construction of waterworks and the supply of water by the Corporation and for other purposes. (Merthyr Tydfil Corporation.)

16

[10 & 11 Geo. 5.] Local Acts. [A.D. 1920.]

CXlii. An Act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Cardiff to construct additional waterworks to construct and work new tramways and to provide and use motor omnibuses to make further provision for the improvement health and good government of the city and for other purposes. (Cardiff Corporation.)

cxliii. An Act to confer further powers on the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Llanelly in relation to their waterworks undertaking and for other purposes. (Llanelly Corporation Water.)

CXliv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Dublin Port and Docks Board to increase the maximum rates dues tolls and charges leviable by that Board and for other purposes. (Dublin Port Docks.)

Cxlv. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Huddersfield to construct tramways street improvements and other works to confer further powers upon them with respect to their several undertakings and for other purposes. (Huddersfield Corporation (General Powers).)

cxlvi. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Yeovil to construct additional waterworks to increase the number of aldermen and councillors of the borough and for other purposes. (Yeovil Corporation.)

cxlvii. An Act to regulate the expenditure on capital account and lending of money by the London County Council during the financial period from the first day of April one thousand nine hundred and twenty to the thirtieth day of September one thousand nine hundred and twenty-one and for other purposes. (London County Council (Money).)

cxlviii. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Salford to make street works and improvements and to construct tramways and to provide and run motor omnibuses to confer further powers with respect to their water electric lighting and markets undertakings to make various provisions and to confer various powers in regard to the health and for the improvement and good government of the borough and for other purposes. (Salford Corporation.)

CXlix. An Act to confer further powers upon the Manchester Ship Canal Company and for other purposes. (Manchester Ship Canal.)

Cl, An Act to empower the Workington Harbour and Dock Board to construct a dock extension and other works to confer upon that Board additional financial and other powers and for other purposes. (Workington Harbour and Dock.)

B 17

[A.D. 1920.] Table of the Statutes. [10 & 11 Geo. 5.]

Cli. An Act to increase the maximum fares rates and charges leviable by the London Electric Metropolitan District City and South London and Central London Railway Companies and to amend and repeal certain provisions as to workmen’s trains and fares. (London Electric, Metropolitan District, City and South London, and Central London Railway Companies (Fares, <fbc.).)

clii. An Act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and burgesses of the city of Bristol to construct new roads and a tramroad and other works and for other purposes. (Bristol Corporation.)

Cliii. An Act to extend the limits of supply of the Southend Gas Company to increase the standard price of the gas supplied by and to alter other financial provisions relating to the Company to empower the Company to establish profit-sharing schemes for their employees and for other purposes. (Southend-on-Sea Gas.)

cliv. An Act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the city of Londonderry with respect to their electricity and water undertakings and for other purposes. (Londonderry Corporation.)

Civ. An Act to authorise the urban district council of Erith to carry out street improvements to confer further powers upon them in regard to their tramway undertaking and to make further provision for the improvement health and local government of the district and for other purposes. (Erith Improvement. )

Royal Assent, 29th October 1920.

P. Clvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh

m O

Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Inverness Water and Gas. (Inverness Water and Gas Order Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 3rd December 1920.

P. Clvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Aberdeen Harbour. (Aberdeen Harbour Order Confirmation.)

P. Clviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Brodick Lamlash Loch Ranza and Whiting Bay Piers. (Brodick Lamlash, Loch Ranza and Whiting Bay Piers Order Confirmation.)

P. clix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Trades House of Glasgow. (Glasgow Trades House Order Confirmation.)

P- Clx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Falkirk and District Tramways. (Falkirk and District Tramways Order Confirmation.)

18

[10 & 11 Geo. 5.] Local Acts. [A.D. 1920.]

P. clxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Paisley Corporation (Inchinnan Opening Bridge). (Paisley Corporation (Inchinnan Opening Bridge) Order Confirmation.)

P. clxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dumbarton Burgh and County Tramways. (Dumbarton Burgh and County Tramways Order Confirmation.)

P. clxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Port and Harbours of Greenock. (Greenock Port and Harbours Order Confirmation.)

P. Clxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the City of Dublin and the Rural District of Sligo. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

clxv. An Act to confer further powers on the Derwent Valley Water Board and for other purposes. (Derwent Valley Water.)

Royal Assent, 23rd December 1920.

P. Clxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Minister of Transport under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Worthing. (Pier and Harbour Order Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. clxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Minister of Transport under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Bangor (Co. Down) and Tralee and Fenit. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. Clxviii. An Act to confirm a scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity called the Hulme Trust Estates (Non-Educational). (Hulme Trust Estates (Non-Educational) Scheme Confirmation.)

P. clxix. An Act to confirm a scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of certain charities. (Baptist Chapels Scheme Confirmation.)

P. clxx. An Act to confirm a scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the charity consisting of the Congregational chapel and trust property in the parish of Little Longstone in the county of Derby. (Little Longstone Congregational Chapel Scheme Confirmation.)

P. Clxxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Lanarkshire Tramways. (Lanarkshire Tramways Order Confirmation.)

clxxii. An Act to empower the London County Council to # make street improvements and other works and for other purposes. (London County Council (Tramways and Improvements.)

B 2 19

[A.D. 1920.] Table of the Statutes. [10 & 11 Geo. 5.]

Clxxiii. An Act to consolidate amend and extend the statutory powers of the Port of London Authority and for other purposes. (Port of London (Consolidation).)

PRIVATE ACT.

(Not Printed.)

Royal Assent, 27th April 1920.

An Act to dissolve the marriage of Georgiana Victoria Viscountess de Vesci of 16 Stanford Road Kensington in the County of London with Ivo Richard Vesey Viscount de Vesci a Major in the Irish Foot Guards her husband and to enable her to marry again and for other purposes, (de Vesci9s Divorce.)

Royal Assent, 2nd July 1920.

An Act to dissolve the marriage of Jose Baroness Carbery of 5 Chester Place London in the County of London with John Baron Carbery of Castle Freke in the County of Cork Ireland and to enable her to marry again and for other purposes. (Carbery9s Divorce.)

An Act to dissolve the marriage of Bryan Ricco Cooper of Markree Castle Collooney in the County of Sligo Major in His Majesty’s Army with Marion Dorothy Cooper his now wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. (Cooper9s Divorce.)

An Act to dissolve the marriage of George Alfred White with Blanche White his now wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. (White9s Divorce.)

Royal Assent, 4th August 1920.

An Act to dissolve the marriage of John James Fife-Young with Elizabeth Frances Fife-Young his present wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. (Fife-Young's Divorce.)

Royal Assent, 16th August 1920.

An Act to dissolve the marriage of William Frank Osborne of 18 Clifton Crescent in the county of the city of Belfast in Ireland journalist with Arabella Carmichael Osborne his now wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. (Osborne's Divorce.)

An Act to dissolve the marriage of Richard Auchmuty Shekleton of Rosebank Holywood County Down Ireland Medical Doctor and recently a Captain in the Royal Army Medical Corps with Katherine Jessie Shekleton his now wife and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes. (Shekleton9s Divorce.)

20

L FOR THE |

THE

LOCAL AND PRIVATE ACTS

PASSED IN THE ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH YEARS

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE THE FIFTH;

BEING THE

THIRD AND FOURTH SESSIONS OF THE THIRTY - FIRST PARLIAMENT OF THE UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN

AND IRELAND

WITH AN

INDEX.

TABLE I.

A TABLE

OB’

THE TITLES OF THE LOCAL AND PRIVATE ACTS (INCLUDING THE PUBLIC ACTS OF A LOCAL CHARACTER) • PASSED DURING THE SESSION (ARRANGED ACCORDING TO CHAPTER)

11 & 12 GEORGE 5—AD. 1921.

LOCAL ACTS.

The Titles to which the Letter P. is prefixed are Public Acts

of a Local Character.

Royal Assent, 28th April 1921.

i. An Act to extend the time for the completion of the bridge over the River Thames between Blackfriars and Southwark Bridges. (Corporation of London (Bridge).)

ii. An Act to convert the shares in the capital of the Chatham and District Light Railways Company into shares of one pound each and for other purposes. (Chatham and District Light Railways Company.)

iii. An Act to enable the Liverpool Mineral and Metal Storage Company Limited to issue transferable certificates and warrants for the delivery of goods and for other purposes. (Liverpool Mineral and Metal Storage Company, Limited (Delivery Warrants).)

iv. An Act to amend the. capital powers of the South Metropolitan Gas Company and for other purposes. (South Metropolitan Cas.)

Royal Assent, 12th May 1921.

I. v. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Forth Conservancy. (Forth Conservancy Order Confirmation.)

x (82)17452 Wt 30048—3 875 4/22 E * S A 2 3

9

[A.D. 1921.] Table of the Statutes. [11 & 12 Geo. 5.j

p. vi. An Act to confirm certain Pilotage Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Pilotage Act 1913 relating to the Pilotage Outport Districts under the jurisdiction of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond. (.Pilotage Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

P. vii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the North British Railway. (North British Railway Order Confirmation.)

viii. An Act to confer further powers on the Ionian Bank Limited

* and for other purposes. (Ionian Bank {Limited).)

ix. An Act to confer further powers on the City of Oxford Motor Services Limited. (Oxford Motor Services.)

x. An Act to increase the rates for the supply of water by the Borough of Portsmouth Waterworks Company and for other purposes. \Borough of Portsmouth Waterworks.)

xi. An Act for authorising the Bristol Waterworks Company to construct new works for increasing the charges of the Company for extending their limits of supply and for other purposes^ (Bristol Waterworks.)

Royal Assent, 1st July 1921.

P.1 xii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Gas. (Dundee Cas Order Confirmation.)

P. xiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Perth Burgh General Assessment. (Perth Corporation Order Confirmation.)

P. xiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Hamilton Water and Gas. (Hamilton Water and Gas Order Confirmation.)

p# xv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation. (Glasgow Corporation Order Confirmation.)

p# xvi. An Act to confirm certain Pilotage Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Pilotage Act 1913 relating to pilotage in the Pilotage Districts of Belfast Coleraine Londonderry and Portrush. (Pilotage Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

p* xvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Altrincham Ashford Barnes Gillingham and Ramsgate. (Ministry of Health Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

p# xviii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders pf the Minister of Health relating to Cleethorpes Loughborough Middleton Swansea and the Goole Joint Hospital District. (Ministry of Health Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

4

[11 & 12 Geo. 5.] Local Acts. [A.D.. 1921.]

P# xix. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Chadderton Glossop Ilfracombe Kettering Padiham and the North Staffordshire Joint Small-pox Hospital District. (Ministry of Health Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

xx. An Act to extend the area of supply of the Herts and Essex Waterworks Company Limited and for other purposes. (Herts and Essex Water.)

xxi. An Act to confer further powers on the Westgate and Birchington Water Company and for other purposes. (Westgate and Birchington Water.)

xxii. An Act to confer further powers on the Cambridge University and Town Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Cambridge University and Town Waterworks.) . .

xxiii. An Act to confer further powers on the Falmouth Docks Company to change the name of the Company and for other purposes. (Falmouth Docks.)

xxiv. An Act to authorise the Sutton District* Water Company to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Sutton District Waterworks.)

xxv. An Act to confer further powers upon the Corporation of Preston with reference to their water undertaking to increase the water rates harbour tolls dock rates light dues and market tolls leviable by the Corporation to make better provision for the health local government and finance of the borough of

- Preston to consolidate the local rates leviable in the borough and for other purposes. (Preston Corporation.)

xxvi. An Act for altering the rates for the supply of water by the Eastbourne Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Eastbourne Waterworks.)

xxvii. An Act to increase the tolls and charges leviable by the Limerick Market Trustees and for other purposes. (Limerick Markets.)

xxviii. An Act to make provision with regard to the union of parishes in the city of Westminster the ownership of St. James’s Vestry Hall superannuation allowances pensions and gratuities to confer various powers upon the Westminster City Council and for other purposes. (Westminster City Council (General Powers).)

Xxix. An Act to confer powers on the Lymington Rural District Council with reference to the borrowing of money and for

• other purposes. (Lymington Rural District Council.)

[A.D. 1921.] Table of the Statutes. [11 & 12 Geo. 5.J

Royal Assent, 28th July 1921.

xxx. An Act for extending the limits of supply of the Wrexham and East Denbighshire Water Company for authorising the Company to construct new works and to raise further capital 9 for increasing the charges of the Company and for other

: purposes. (Wrexham and East Denbighshire Water,) j

xxxi. An Act to transfer to and vest in British Dyestuffs Corpora- | tion Limited certain railways and works in the city of Manchester and for other purposes. (British Dyestuffs Corporation, Limited (Railways Transfer).)

xxxii. An Act to amend the statutory provisions relating to the j Tendring Hundred Waterworks Company to confer further powers upon that Company and for other purposes. (Tendring

• Hundred Water and Gas.)

I I

xxxiiL An Act to make further provision with respect to the Cattedown Wharves Plymouth. (Cattedown Wharves.)

xxxiv. An Act to transfer to and vest in the Mid-Glam organ Water Board the water undertaking of the Bridgend (Glamorganshire) Gas and Water Company to extend the limits of the Board for'the supply of water and for other purposes.

• (Mid-Glamorgan Water.)

xxxv. An Act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern I Railway Company for the construction of new railways and *. other works and the acquisition of lands to authorise the said

Company and the Hull and Barnsley Railway Company to acquire lands and property and a portion of the undertaking : of the Hedon Haven Commissioners to extend the time limited jl by certain Acts for the completion of works and for the com* pulsory purchase of land and for. other purposes. (North Eastern Railway.)

M * <* v t i * % f . t • *1 % ft m -J* If ,#* .. . A M c#'- J «... ^ ip* t * *. , -Jl* *, . . - * 1 * __ _ ^ % , * „ . ^ *

xxxvi. An Act to enable the Earby Urban District Council to acquire the undertakings of the Earby Water Company Limited and the Kelbrook Water Company Limited and to make further provision in regard to the water supply of the district and for other purposes. (Earby Urban District Council.)

xxxvii. An Act to constitute and incorporate a Joint Board consisting of representatives of the urban district councils of Radcliffe and Little Lever and to transfer to and vest in such Board the undertaking of the Radcliffe and Pilkington Gas Company and for other purposes. (Radcliffe and Little Lever

1 Joint Gas Board.)

xxxviii. An Act to empower the Cardiff Gas Light and Coke Company to sell gas on a heat unit basis to make new provisions as to charges for gas and the application of the profits of the Company to confer further financial powers upon the Company to extend the limits of supply and for other purposes. (Cardiff Gas.)

[11 & 12 Geo. 5.] * Local Acts. [A.D. 1921.]

xxxix. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Croydon to purchase a well and pumping station situate within that borough from the Metropolitan Water Board to confer further powers upon them in regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes. (Croydon Corporation Water.)

xL An Act to extend the time for the construction of new roads and works authorised by the Middlesex County Council (Great West Road and Finance) Act 1914 and the acquisition of lands therefor to confer further powers upon the Middlesex County Council in relation to the prevention of the pollution and obstruction of streams in the county of Middlesex to authorise the Council to establish superannuation and fire insurance funds and to regulate lying-in homes and for other purposes. (Middlesex County Council (General Powers).)

xli. An Act to confer further powers upon the Waltham Abbey * and Cheshunt Gas and Coke Company to alter the name of the Company and for other purposes. (Waltham and Cheshunt Gas.)

xlii. An Act to confer further powers on the Wandsworth Wimbledon and Epsom District Gas Company and for other purposes. (Wandsworth, Wimbledon and Epsom District Gas.)

xliii. An Act to confer further powers on the East Surrey Water Company. (East Surrey Water.)

xliv. An Act to incorporate and confer powers upon the Lochaber Power Company and for other purposes. (Lochaber Water Power.)

xlv. An Act to amend the provisions relating to the method of * charge by the Harrogate Gas Company for gas supplied by them and to the dividends on their ordinary capital to consolidate the ordinary capital of the Company to authorise the Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Harrogate Gas.)

xlvi. An Act to authorise the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Nelson to provide and work motor omnibuses to make further provision with regard to the supply of electricity with regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough the consolidation of the rates in the borough and for other purposes. (Nelson Corporation.)

xlvii. An Act for authorising the Sunderland and South Shields Water Company to construct new works and to raise additional capital for increasing the charges of the Company and extending their limits of supply and for other purposes. (Sunderland and South Shields Water.)

xlviii. An Act to enable the Corporation of Colne to run omnibuses • -and to make further provision for the improvement health and good government of the borough. (Colne Corporation.)

h

[A.p. 1921.] Table of the Statutes. [11 & 12 Geo. 5,]

xlix. An Act to empower the Swansea Gas Light Company to sell gas on a heat unit basis to make new provisions as to charges for gas and the application of the profits of the Company tq raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Swansea Qqs)

1. An Act to empower the London County Council to acquire lands to amend the law relating to employment agencies and lying-in homes and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).)

li. An Act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Manchester to construct an aqueduct in substitution for part of the Haweswater Aqueduct authorised by the Manchester Corporation Act 1919. (Manchester Corporation Waterworks.)

P. lii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the dohn Newland Endowment. (John Newland Endowment Order Confirmation.)

P. liii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Glasgow Deaf and Dumb Institution. (Glasgow Deaf and Dumb Institution Order Confirmation.)

P. liv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Paisley Gas. (Paisley Gas Order Confirmation.)

P. lv. An Act to confirm certain Pilotage Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Pilotage Act 1913 relating to pilotage in the Pilotage Districts of Arbroath Elgin and Lossiemouth Eyemouth Irvine .Thurso and Wick. (Pilotage Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

P. lvi. An Act to confirm certain Pilotage Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Pilotage Act 1913 relating to the Pilotage Districts of Billina Limerick Tralee and Fenit and Westport. (Pilotage Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. lyii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of th,e Minister of Health relating to Dover. .(Ministry of Health Provisional Order Confirmation (Dover Extension).)

P. lviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Shaftesbury. (Ministry of Health Provisional Order Confirmation (Shaftesbury Extension).)

P, li3L An Act. tq. confirm a Provisional Ord<er of the Minister of Health relating to Tauntoji. (Ministry of Health Provisional Order Confirmation (Taunton Extension).)

8

[11 & 12 Geo. 5.] Local Acts. [A.D. 1921.]

p. lx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Bognor Paignton Westhoughton and Whiston (Rural). (Ministry of Health Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

P. lxi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Oswestry Wakefield the Cranbrook and Tenterden Joint Hospital District the Crediton Joint Cemetery District and the North East Kent United Districts. (Ministry of Health Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

P. lxii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Broadstairs and St. Peter’s Caerphilly Ripon Sheffield Southend-on-Sea. Whitley and Monkseaton the Shrewsbury and Atcham Joint Hospital District and the County of Huntingdon. (Ministry of Health Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P. lxiii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Bournemouth Gravesend Margate and Rotherham (Rural). (Ministry of Health Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

P. lxiv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Blandford Water Bournemouth Gas and Water Brompton Chatham Gillingham and Rochester Water and Woodbridge District Water. (Ministry of Health Provisional Orders Confirmation (Water).)

P. lxv. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the County Borough of Belfast and the Urban Districts of Enniskillen and Pembroke. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation.)

P. lxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Provisional Order (Marriages) Act 1905. (Provisional Order (Marriages) Confirmation.)

P. lxvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Minister of Transport under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Bridport Brighton Fowey and Llanelly. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

Royal Assent, 4th August 1921.

P. lxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Newcastle-under-Lyme. (Ministry of Health Provisional Order Confirmation (Newcastle-under-Lyme Extension).)

I. lxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Sheffield. (Ministry of Health Provisional Order Confirmation (Sheffield Extension).)

[AD. 1921.] Tffble of the Statutes. [11 & 12 Geo. 6.] ,

P . lxx. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Derby Doncaster Hemel Hempsted Newton in Mackerfield Runcorn Stockport and Swanage*

(.Ministry of Health Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

P. bad. An Act to confirm certain Pilotage Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Pilotage Act 1913 relating to pilotage in the Pilotage Districts of Arundel Berwick and Lancaster* (Pilotage Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

P* kadi. An Act to confirm certain Pilotage Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Pilotage Act 1913 relating to pilotage in the Pilotage Districts of Aberdeen Ardrossan Ayr Inverness Montrose and Stonehaven. (Pilotage Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

lxxiii. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of St. Helens to construct street improvements and to provide and run omnibuses within and without the borough to consolidate the rates of the borough to make further provision with regard to the tramways gas water and electricity undertakings of the Corporation and the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (St. Helens Corporation.)

lxxiv. An Act to consolidate with amendments the local Acts in force within the city of Liverpool to provide for the union of the parishes therein and to consolidate the local rates leviable in the city to authorise the construction of new tramways and street improvements and to make provision in regard to the various undertakings of the Corporation to make better provision for the health local government and finance of the city and for other purposes. (Liverpool Corporation.)

lxxv. An Act to increase the rates for the supply of water by the Southend Waterworks Company and for other purposes* (Southend Waterworks.)

lxxvi. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Grimsby to construct and work tramways and to provide and work trolley vehicles to make street works and improvements to confer further powers with respect to their electricity and markets undertakings to make various provisions and to confer various powers in regard to the health and for the improvement and good government of the borough and for other purposes. (Grimsby Corporation.)

lxxvii. An Act to regulate the expenditure on capital account and lending of money by the London County Council during the financial period from the first day of April one thousand nine hundred and twenty-one to the thirtieth day of September • ' one thousand nine hundred and twenty-two and for other purposes. !London County Council (Money).)

10

[11 & 12 Geo. 5.] Local Acts. [AJD. 1921.|

Royal Assent, 17th August 1921.

lxxviii. An Act to increase the tolls and charges to be demanded by the Lee Conservancy Board and the sums payable to them by the Metropolitan Water Board to enlarge the powers of the Lee Conservancy Board and for other purposes. (Lee Conservancy.)

lxxix. An Act for empowering the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Southampton to acquire the undertaking of the South Hants Waterworks Company for equalising the rating of the said borough and for other purposes. (South-amp ton Corporation Water.)

lxxx. An Act to amend the enactments relating to the payments to be made to the Conservators of the River Thames for the taking of water by the Metropolitan Water Board and by certain water companies to revise the tolls and charges leviable by the Conservators in respect of merchandise conveyed on and vessels using the said river and for other purposes. (Thames Conservancy.)

lxxxi. An Act to authorise the lease by the Minister of Transport to the London and North Western Railway Company of certain lands and works at Holyhead Harbour. (London and North Western Railway (Holyhead Harbour Leasing).)

lxxxii. An Act to alter certain of the provisions of the trust deeds regulating the issue of the preferred and deferred (North Eastern Railway) stock of the Stock Conversion and Investment Trust Limited to confer further powers on the Stock Conversion and Investment Trust Limited and upon the Railway Investment Company Limited and upon certain trustees of the Railway Investment Company Limited and for other purposes. (Stock Conversion and Investment Trust, Limited.)

lxxxiii. An Act to constitute a Water Board for the Rhymney Valley with power to acquire certain water undertakings and works to construct new works and to supply water and for other purposes. (Rhymney Valley Water.)

lxxxiv. An Act to confer further powers on the South Essex Waterworks Company to extend their limits of supply and for other purposes. (South Essex Waterworks.)

lxxxv. An Act to empower the Hastings Tramways Company to construct extension tramways in the county borough of Hastings and for other purposes. (Hastings Tramways.)

lxxxvi. An Act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Rotherham to make further provision with regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough to authorise the formation of a superannuation fund to provide for the consolidation of rates levied in the said borough and for other purposes. (Rotherham Corporation.)

11

[A.D. 1921.] Table of the Statutes. [11 & 12 Geo. 5.]

lxxxvii. An Act to make provision for the transfer of the undertaking of the North Warwickshire Water Company to the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Coventry to establish a fund for granting superannuation allowances to officers and servants of the Corporation and for other purposes. (Coventry Corporation.)

lxxxviii. An Act to constitute the Lancashire County Council the

» drainage authority for the administrative county of the county

; palatine of Lancaster. (Lancashire County Council (Drainage).)

lxxxix. An Act to constitute a Water Supply Board for the Taf Fechan watershed to transfer to the Board certain waterworks and powers of the Merthyr Tydfil Corporation to authorise the Board to complete and maintain works and to supply water and for other purposes. (Taf Fechan Water Supply.)

XC. An Act to authorise the Slough Trading Company Limited to construct a branch canal near Slough in the county of Buckingham for the conveyance of traffic between their works and property near Slough and the Grand Junction Canal and for other purposes. (Slough Trading Company, Limited (Canal).)

xci. An Act to confirm an agreement between the corporation of Nuneaton and the corporation of Leicester with reference to the supply of water in bulk to empower the corporation of Nuneaton to construct additional waterworks to consolidate the rates of the borough and to confer further powers upon the corporation with reference to the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes.

(Nuneaton Corporation.)

# •• # •

xcii. An Act to authorise the Corporation of Burnley to construct a street improvement and additional waterworks to extend the time for the construction of certain waterworks authorised by the Burnley Corporation Act 1908 to make further provision with regard to the omnibus tramways water and markets 1 undertakings of the Corporation and the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Burnley Corporation.)

xciii. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of | the borough of Wigan to construct tramways and a public I slaughter-house to provide and work omnibuses and to acquire lands for street improvements to make further provision in regard to the gas water electricity markets baths and other 5 undertakings of the Corporation and the health local government and improvement of the borough to confer powers upon the Corporation in regard to the prevention of flooding to consolidate the rates of the borough and for other purposes. (Wigan Corporation.)

xciv. An Act to amend the powers of the Metropolitan Water Board of charging for water supplied by them and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Water Board (Charges).)

12

Local Acts.

[A.D. 1921.}

[11 & 12 Geo. 5.]

P, xcv. An Act to confirm a scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the charity consisting of the Congregational chapel Sunday school burial ground and trust property in the parish of Frampton Cotterell in the county of Gloucester. (Zion Congregational Chcvpel {Frampton Cotterell) Scheme Confirmation.)

P. xcvi. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Ossett and Wakefield. {Ministry of Health Provisional Orders Confirmation {Ossett and Wakefield Extension).)

P. xcvii. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Carmarthen Kingston-upon-Hull Llandudno Melton Mowbray Morecambe Scarborough Southport Widnes and the Shoreham and Lancing Sea Defence District. {Ministry of Health Provisional Orders Confirmation {No. 8).)

P. xcviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Peterhead Harbours. {Peterhead Harbours Order Confirmation.)

P. xcix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under section eight of the Police Act 1893 uniting the Police and Fire Brigade Pension Funds of the City of Manchester. {Provisional Order {City of Manchester Police and Fire Brigade Pension Funds) Confirmation.)

P. c. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Minister of Transport under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Brixham Cowes Great Yarmouth. Limerick and Morecambe. {Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation {No. 1).)

P. ci. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow University. (Glasgow University {Dundonald Bursaries) Order Confirmation.)

Royal Assent, 19th August 1921.

P. cii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Barnsley. {Ministry of Health Provisional Order Confirmation {Barnsley Extension).)

|§ ciii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Minister of Health relating to Stoke-on-Trent. {Ministry of Health Provisional Order Confirmation {Stoke-on-Trent Extension).)

P. civ. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Minister of Health relating to Aberavon and Neath. {Ministry of Health Provisional Orders Confirmation {Aberavon and Neath Extension).)

13

' [A.D. 1921.] Table of the Statutes. [11 & 12 Geo. 5.]

P. cv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Bridge of Allan Water &c. (Bridge of Allan Water <bc. Order

Confirmation.)

P. cvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Aberdeen Corporation (Electricity Works Railway). (.Aberdeen Corporation (Electricity Works Railway) Order Confirmation.)

P. cvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Stirlingshire and Falkirk Water. (Stirlingshire and Falkirk Water Order Confirmation.)

P# cviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the North British Railway (Burntisland Harbour Transfer). (North British Railway (Burntisland Harbour Transfer) Order Confirmation.)

P. cix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dumbarton Burgh (Water). (Dumbarton Burgh (Water) Order Confirmation.)

P. cx. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Airdrie and Coatbridge Tramways Trust. (Airdrie and Coatbridge Tramways Trust Order Confirmation.)

P. Cxi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Grangemouth and Stirling Water. (Grangemouth and Stirling Water Order Confirmation.)

p. cxii. An Act to confirm certain Pilotage Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Pilotage Act 1913 relating to pilotage in the Pilotage Districts of Barry Bristol Cardiff Gloucester Llanelly Newport Port Talbot and Swansea. (Pilotage Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

cxiii. An Act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Batley to construct additional waterworks to make further provision in regard to their water gas and electricity undertakings to make further provision for the improvement health and good government of the borough and for other purposes. (Batley Corporation.)

cxiv. An Act to extend the powers of the County of London Electric Supply Company Limited with reference to the user of certain lands and the payment of interest out of capital and for other purposes. (County of London Electric Supply Company.)

[11 & 12 Geo. 5.]

Local Acts.

[A/D. 1921.]

<*xv. An Act to empower the Metropolitan Water Board to make waterworks and to acquire lands and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Water Board (Various Powers),)

oxvi. An Act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Leicester with reference to their gas water and markets undertakings and for other purposes. (Leicester Corporation.)

■cxvii. An Act to confer further powers upon the North Staffordshire Railway Company. (North Staffordshire Railivay.)

cxviii. An Act to define and extend the boundaries of the borough and parish of South Shields and to alter certain wards of the borough and parish to authorise the Corporation of the borough to provide and work omnibuses and to confer upon them further powers with respect to their tramway and electricity undertakings to consolidate the local rates leviable in the borough and parish to increase the tolls to be taken for the markets and fairs to authorise a certain street improvement and the purchase of lands and to make better provisions for the health local government and finance of the borough and for other purposes. (South Shields Corporation.)

cxix. An Act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Manchester to construct additional gasworks and to acquire the Stretford Gas Company’s undertaking to make further provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of the city and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation (General Powers).)

cxx. An Act to increase the number of councillors and aldermen of the county borough of West Ham and to alter the wards of the borough and for other purposes. (TFestf Ham Corporation.)

cxxi. An Act for conferring further powers upon the Rhymney and Aber Valleys Gas and Water Company and for other purposes. (Rhymney and Aber Valleys Gas and Water.)

Royal Assent, 8th November 1921.

P. cxxii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh Corporation. (Edinburgh Corporation Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxiii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to East Lothian County Buildings. (East Lothian County Buildings Order Confirmation.)

15

[A.D. 1921.] Table of the Statutes. [11 & 12 Geo. 5.j

P. cxxiv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dorward’s House of Refuge (Montrose). (Dorward's House of Refuge (Montrose) Order Confirmation.) I

P. cxxv. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Church of Scotland (General Trustees). (Church of Scotland (General Trustees) Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxvi. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private I Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Oban Burgh. (Oban Burgh Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxvii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Greenock Corporation. (Greenock Corporation Order Confirmation.)

P. cxxviii. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Perth Corporation (Waterworks &c.). (Perth Corporation (Waterworks dec.) Order Confirmation.)

P# cxxix. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Corporation. (Dundee Corporation Order Confirmation.)

PRIVATE ACTS.

Printed by the King’s Printer, and whereof the Printed Copies may be given in Evidence.

Royal Assent, 4th August 1921.

1. An Act to confer upon Frederic Lord Wolverton and the Trustees of the property settled by an indenture of settlement dated the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight powers to make certain limited dispositions of the income and capital of part of the settled property for the benefit of Lord Wolverton’s family and to raise certain moneys and for other purposes. (Wolverton Estate.)

Royal Assent, 17th August 1921.

2. An Act to confirm a conditional agreement between the Trustees of the will of the late Sir Humphrey de Trafford Baronet and the Manchester Ship Canal Company for the sale of lands forming part of the De Trafford Estates in the county of Lancaster on the terms therein appearing. (De Trafford Estate.)
