276 C. 53. Anno decinao octavo Georgii III. A.D. 177?.

and to the

Churchwardehf,

&c. from 10 s.

to 403. if fiul*

Man have a

Wife or Fan ily,

as shall be set-

tled by the

Commiifrontrs;

and 6d. per

Diem to the

Fari/h Officers

for the Time

they stall have

kept him.

Diiputes relating

thereto to be

settled by th^

Commirfiortfff.

Comm flioners

. may allot, out of

the Money al-

lowed to Pariflr

Officer?, at.to

the High Con*

flablcs.

Able- bodied

Men only to be

inliflcd

and none under

17, nor above

4 5 Yeais of

-Age, &c.

Perfors dif-

chargrd as not

within the

Drscription of

th s Act, Panfli

not to be allowed

their Evpences:

If within the

Description, s»nd

rejected by Offi-

cer, he shall pay

the Expences of

keeping them.

Object ions to be

fptcified, and

inquired into by

Commissioners.

have a Wife or Family, any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, of lawful Mo-

ney of Great Britain, to the said Clerk, to be by him paid over, as is herein-after directed,* into the Hands

of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, for the Benefit of such Parish or Township in which such

new-raised Man shall have gained a Settlement, and whose Wife or Family may become chargeable to such

Parish or Township respectively; which Sum shall be settled by the Commissioners present at the Meeting

when such Person shall be inlisted, or any three or more of them, regard being had to the Number of Chil-

dren, or other particular Circumstances of such Person foinlifted; for both which Payments the Clerk shall

give a Receipt; and the Sum of Sixpence per Diem for keeping every such new-raised Man who shall be

delivered as aforefiiid, according to the Number of Days that the Officers of the said Parish or Town shall

have kept him in Custody, pursuant to the Powers granted by this Act, until such Delivery; the said Al-

lowances of twenty Shillings, and of Sixpence per Diem, in case of Dispute, to be ascertained and distri-

buted to or amongst the said Churchwardens, Overseers, Constables, Headboroughs, Tytbingmcn, and

such other Parish and Town Oificers, or any of them, according to the Judgment and Direction of the

said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Comgniflion-

ers, or any three or more of them, in their respective Divisions, are hereby authorised and empowered, by

and out of the said Sum of twenty Shillings, herein-before directed to be paid for the Use of the Officers of

the Parish cr Town lo employed in the railing of such Men, to allot and order such Sum as they shall

think fir, to the respective High Constables, within their respective Limits and Jurisdictions, for their

Pains and Service in the Execution of this Act, not exceeding the Sum of two Shillings.

XVI. Provided always, That no Person shall be inlisted by the said Commissioners, by virtue of this

Act, who is not such an able-bodied Man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from Ruptures, and

every other Distemper, or bodily Weakness or Infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform the Duty

of a Soldier; and that no Man be infilled for his Majesty’s Service by virtue of this Act, who shall appear,

in the Opinion-of the Commissioners, or Officer or Officers appointed to receive the impressed Men, to be

under the Age of seventeen Years, or above the Age of forty-five Years, or who shall be under the Size of

five Feet four Inches without Shoes.

4 XVII. And, for the better preventing any Disputes which may arise about paying for the Subsistence

4 of those Persons who, having been apprehended and detained by virtue of this Act, may afterwards be

4 discharged upon Examination before the Commissioners and Military Officers,* be it further enacted by

*he Authority aforesaid, That if any Person being judged by the Commissioners not to be within the De-

scription of this Act, shall be by them discharged, the Officers of the Parish or Town shall be intitled to

no Consideration for their Expences in keeping such Person; and if any Person being judged by the Com-

inifiioners to be within the Description of this Act, shall be rejected by the Military Officer, such Officer

shall pay to the Ofiiceis of the Parish or Town Sixpence per Diem, for the whole Time that they shall

have kept every such Person, to be charged to the Account of his respective Regiment or Company; and

every Officer who shall object to any Person delivered to him by the Commissioners, shall specify his Ob-

jeftion to such Person, whether it shall be to his Age or Size^ or bodily Disability, and the Grounds of

such Objection shall be forthwith (as far as may be) inquired into by the said Commissioners, and they

shall proceed accordingly; and every Officer who shall refuse or discharge any Person delivered to him by

the Commissioners, as fit to serve his Majesty within the Description of this Act, shall, without Delay,

transmit to his Majesty’s Secretary at War, his Reason for such Refusal or Discharge, ia Writing, attested

by himself.

Reasons of Difiharge to be transmitted to the Secretary at War.

Inhabitants re-

quired to be

a&fting herein.

Ten Shillings

Premium to

such as /hall

dise^ver any

proper Person,

ib a* he be in-

fisted.

Clerks to be

appointed by

the Corrmif-

sioners at their

Jirft General

Meeting ;

Olid Sttbdi-

v.fion Mc«‘irgs.

Clerks to hr p.id

by the Oflktr zt,

" for eve y Man

»ni l bed,

, The ftccnd and

ijx.h Sections of

the Articles of

XVIII. And it is hereby enacted and strictly enjoined by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitants

of every Parish and Township, where any Persons described as aforesaid do abide, or are to be found, at

the Instance of any one or more of the Commissioners appointed for the Execution of this Act, or of any

Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, or Constable, of the same Parish or Township, shall (not having*

lawful or reasonable Excuse to the contrary) be aiding and abiding in the Furtherance of his Majesty’s

Service by this Act described.

4 XIX. And, to encourage such Inhabitants and others to assist in discovering and apprehending such

4 Pei suns described as aforesaid,* it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Per-

son shall discover and give Information of any able-bodied Man, fit to serve his Majesty within the Dcfcrip-

tion of this Act, so that he shall be apprehended and inlisted before the Commissioners as aforesaid, such

Person, for every Man so discovered and inlisted, shall receive* from the Officer to whom such Man shall

be delivered, the Sum of ten Shillings, out of the twenty Shillings which he is elsewhere directed to pay to

the Officers of the Parish or Town for every Man inlisted by virtue of this Act, and the Remainder only

of the said twenty Shillings shall, in that Cafe, be paid to such Officers.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Commissioners, at their First General Meeting assembled, to appoint a Clerk to attend them, then

and nt each of their subseejuent Meetings; and for the Commissioners of the several Subdivisions to appoint

aCi erk to attend them at their respective Meetings in each Subdivision wherein Soldiers are to be lifted as

aforesaid; and such respect ive Clerks, as ? Reward for their Labour and Pains in the Execution of this Act,

shall be incitied to, and shall receive, for every Man who shall be lifted in pursuance of this Act, at the

Meetings whereon they shall respectively attend, the Sum of two Shillings of lawful Jlloney of Great Bri-

tain, to be paid by the respective Officer who shall receive such new-raised Men respectively.

XXL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or such of

them as shall be present at such Meeting for lifting of Soldiers as aforesaid, shall cause the second and sixth

Sections of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, to be read to such new-raised Men, in the

PieLnce.of the said Cw»miffiQner$ then there i and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them pre-

d ' fcat,

