49*

who aty '

ihocten their

Tine of Con-

fiaement, &c.

Male Conyi^ti,

after th'y are de-

livered to the

Supfrintendant,

/h.ri be wafinrd,

and (bfiirClj.hcs

changed, &c.

Ao Hospital to

be provided for

the 5ick, lie. {

like wife a Urge

Garden for raif-

log Vegetible*

for the Use of

the Offender?.

Offender*, in

Custody of the

Soperintendaot,

to be eoiplovtd

in raiGog Sand,

ice. for the Be-

nefit of the Na-

vigation of the

Thamet, dec. ;

but not in de-

livering Ballast

to Matters of

Shipi.

Offender* to he

fed with Bfcad,

coarse Meat, dec.

and Water or

Small Beer.

Penalty on Per-

fens supplyin^

them with any

other Food, Ac,

Offenders who

rtfufe to work,

or other wise mif-

behave them-

ftlvet, may be

whipped, dec.

Every Offender,

at the F.nd of his

Confinement,

Dull receive a

Sum of Money,

not left than

nos* nor more

than 3I. with

decent OJotbing.

His Majesty, on

the good Ifehi-

vioor of Offend-

er*, may Shorten

the Term of

their Confine-

ment.

Off !■ ieri, who

fli il c n'iaue in

a repotjr Ser-

vr- r«ar Yr-.r

from the 1 ime

of thetr Difotif*

Bon, to be in-

C. 74. Anno decimo none Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

fender, bein£ a Male, (ha)l engage himself to fare in the Sea or Land Forces, or without any Condition,

as to them in their Discretion mall feera meet; and if the Offender shall be committed for Life, in pur-

fuance of a conditional Pardon, such Justices shall, if they think proper, report him or her to his Majesty

as an Object of Royal Mercy.

L. And be it further enacted, That after the Deliyery of any such Male Offender into the Custody of

any such Superintendant or Superintendants as aforesaid, he shall be confined in some secure Place or Vefr

fel, to be provided for the sole Purpose of receiving such Offenders on their (lift Arrival, and shall be

waffled and cleaned, and his Clothes shall be burnt, if it is deemed necessary, and others provided for him ;

and he shall remain there for the Space of four Days at the lead, unless, during that 'l ime, be shall be

found to be infected with any putrid or contagious Fever, or other Difeaie; ia which Cafe he shall be mi-*

mediately sent to the Hospital or Infirmary, till such Time as the Surgeon or Apothecary attending the

fame shall think It safe to remove him on board one of the Vefitls appointed for the C^nhnemeat of Of-

fenders in general, and to lodge bim among the healthy Convicts.

LI. And oe it further enacted, That there shall be provided for the Reception of such Offenders, in the

Custody of every Superintendant,* shall happen to be sick, or to he disabled by any Wound or Accident*

a secure Place or Vessel, to serve as an Hospital or Infirmary, with such proper Afliftantsas may be ne-

cessary for their speedy Recovery, but the whole to be under the Charge and Cootroul of such Superin—

tendant aforesaid, who shall be liable to answer for the Escapeof gny Offender (bremoved to such Hospital

.or Infirmary; and there shall also be provided, by the said Superintending a large Piece of Ground, fe-

curely fenced and inclosed, for a Garden and Airing-ground, in which shall be raised proper Vegetables

for the Use of the Offenders under the Custody of every such Superintending who shall be at Liberty to.

employ such of the invalid Offenders, recommended for that Purpose by the Surgeon or Apothecary, a*,

the said Superintendant shall think proper, and for whole Escape he shall be liable to answer, in the Cul-

ture and Management of such Garden.

LII. And be it further enacted, That, subject to the Exceptions and Provisions aforesaid, every such

Super intendant or Superintendants shall, during the Terra prescribed for the Imprisonment and Hard La-

bour of every such Offender, keep him to hard Labour, either in railing Sand, Soil, and Grave], or in top

other laborious Service, for the Benefit of the Navigation of the Thames, or of such other Navigable Rivers*;

Ports, Harbours, or Havens, as aforesaid, or in any other public Works upon the Banks or Shores of the:

fame; but when the said laborious Service shall be for the Navigation of the Thames, then at such Places

only, and subject to such Limitations and Restrictions, as the Master, Wardens, and Assistantt of the

Trinity-hpufc shall, from Time to Time, prescribe.

LIII. Provided nevertheless, That such Offenders shall in no Cafe be employed in delivering Tonnage

or Ballad to Masters and Commanders of Ships, but only in digging, raifrag, and taking up the Grave),

Sand, and Soil, from the Shelves and Sand-banks of the said Rivers, Ports, Harbours, or Havens, and ia

dischargipgthe lame upon the Shore, above the High-water Mark, except in such Cafes where any Em-

bankment or Sea-wall f^iall be directed to be made or repaired, or in some other laborious Service for the

Benefit of such Navigations, or for completing such other public Works as aforesaid.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That every Offender who (h?li be ordered to Hard Labour in the Cuf*

tody of such Superintendent or Superintendants as aforesaid, shall, during the Time of such Service, be

fed and sustained with Bread, and any coarse Meat, or other inferior Food, and Water or Small Beer, and

also clothed, at the Discretion and under the Direction of such Superintendantor Superintendantssiand such

Offender shall not, during the Term of such Service, be permitted to have any other Food, Drink, o*

Clothing, than such as shall be so directed; and if any Person shall supply any such Offender, at any Tima

during tpe Terra of his said Service, with 4ny Drink, Food, or Clothing, other than such as shall be so

directed, or with any Money, he or she so supplying shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceed-*

ipg tea rounds, nor under forty Shillings*

LV. And be it further enacted, Thar if any Offender, who shall be lb delivered to such Superintendanl

or Superintendants to be kept to Hard Labour, shall, during the Term of such Service, refute to perform

any Labour authorised by this Act, or shall be guilty of any other Misbehvaiour or diforderly Conduct, it

shall be lawful for the Superintepdant or Superintendants, having the Custody of any such Offender, to

order such Whipping* or other moderate Punishment, to be iufiided upon him, as may be inflicted by Law

on Persons committed to a House of Corrcdion for Hard Labour.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That every Offender, who.shaft be delivered to such Superintends!)*

or Superiotendants to be kept to Hard Labour in Manner aforesaid, shall, at the End of the Term of such

Service, and upon being restored to hit Liberty, receive from the Superintendanl or Superintendants, un-t

der whom he shall have so served, such Sum of Money, not being less than twenty Shillings, nor more

than three Pounds, in case he hath been confined for one Year, and To in Proportion for any (hotter Terra,

together with such decent Clothing as the Court, into which such Returns shall be made, as herein-after

mentioned, shall appoint: And if any furb Offender, whilst confined to Hard Labour in Manner aforesaid*

shall, by his Induitry and other good Behaviour, shew such Signs of Reformation as shall induce the said

Court to recommend him as an Object of his Majesty’s Mercy, and it shall be thereupon signified, by si

Letter from one of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, to the Superintendant or Superintendants

as aforesaid, that his Majesty thinks fit, in Consideration of such good Behaviour, to (horten the Duration

of such Offender’s Term, such Offender shall be accordingly set at Liberty at the Time mentioned in such

Letter, and shall, together with necessary Clothing, receive a Sum of Money from his Superintendant or

Superintendar ts in Proportion to the Time of his Confinement, according to the Rates aforesaid; and any

such Offender so di:‘m;ffed at toe End or other Determination of his Term, who shall procure any reputa-

ble M fter of a Ship, or Tradesman, or other substantial House keeper, to take him into Service, or pro-

vide him with proper Employment, for one Year then next ensuing, the fame to be approved by such

Super-

