A. D. 177 8. Anno decimo octavo G o jus 11. III.

C..52* 269

allow and pay, in the Whole- such a Weekly Maintenance to the said Prisoner, not exceeding four Shil-

lings nor less than three Shillings and Sixpence fter Week* in such Manner as the said Justices, in their

General Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, shall order; and, upon Nonpayment of the fame for

the Space of fourteen Days, the said Prisoner, upon Application to the said Justices in their General or

Quarter Session, held as aforesaid, shall be discharged, pursuant to the Intent and Meaning of this Act. ' w

4 LVII. And whereas, under former Acts, Creditors have been put to great Expences and Trouble ih charged.

4 attending every Session and Adjournment, during the whole Continuance of the Act, to oppose the Dif- Determination

4 charge of Prisoners clearly excluded from any Benefit under the said respective Acts, but who, after of Justices to be

4 having been before one oefiion heard, and refused a Discharge, to harass their Creditors, constantly

4 gave fresh Notices for each subsequent Sefilon and Adjournment of their intenJed Application to be dil-

4 charged •/ to remedy which, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes what-

ever, the Determination of the Justices in Session or Adjournment {hall be final to all Intents and Pur-

poses, unless the Prisoner shall, during the Continuance of this Act, get rid of the Objection or Objec-

tions for which they refused his Discharge; and, that the fame may be clear and certain, the Justices are

hereby required to state the Objections why such Prisoner's Discharge Is refused by them 5 and, in all Cafes

whatever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices, at any subsequent Session or Adjournment,

upon Application from the Prisoner, upon due Proof on Oath made to them, by two or more credible

Witnesses (which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer), of each Objection or Objections being

removed, and on Proof of Notice served, at leaf! ten Days previous to such Application, on the Creditor

or Creditors who before opposed his Discharge, and of Notice likewise inferred in the Gazette, in Manner

before directed by this Act, to order such Prisoner to be brought before them, and, if they shall then be

of Opinion the said Prisoner is intitled to the Benefit of this Act, to order him to be discharged, he taking

the Oath, and in all other Respects conforming to the Directions of this Act.

LVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That when any Creditor shall intend to of-

pose the Discharge of any Debtor with whose Debt he is charged in Custody, at the first Quarter Seflfons

of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, he is hereby required to give four Days Notice of his Inten-

tion to oppose such Discharge to the Prisoner, or to leave such Notice in Writing with the Keeper or

Gaoler of such Prison, in order that such Prisoner may be prepared to make his Defence ; and in case no

such Notice shall be given as aforesaid, previous tb such Quarter Sessions, or such Adjournment thereof,

and such Creditor shall appear to oppose his Discharge, and it (hill happen that the Prisoner is remanded,

then such Creditor shall pay to such Debtor the Expences of his Application and Attendance, in any Sum

not exceeding ten Pounds, as the Justices at such S .Tions shall direct and allow.

LXX. Provided always. That every Fugitive or Fugitives, intitled, or to be intitled, to the Benefit of

this Act, shall obtain their respective Dischargcs on or before the first Day of October^ one thousand seven

hundred and eighty,' or shall be excluded from all Benefit of this Act.

* LX. And whereas it may happen that several Persons, who may claim and be intitled to the Benefit

€ of this Act, are seised of an Estate Tail,1 in fi*me Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Here*-

4 ditaments, which Entail, With the Remainders thereupon expectant, they have, by Law, Power to*

4 defeat and bar, either by levying a Fibe or'Fines, suffering a Common Recovery or Common Reco-

* veries, or by Surrender or Surrenders thereof, whereby such Person or Persons said Freehold or Copy-

4 hold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, would be liable to the Payment of their Debts, and be

4 delivered up, according to the Terms of this Act, for the Benefit of their Creditors ;* be it therefore

enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in every fjch Cafe, such Person or Persons so seised as aforesaid,

and who shall be intitled to, and claim the Benefit of this Act, shall, to all Intents and Purposes what-

soever in Law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be seised of such Lands, Tene-

ments, and Hereditaments, in Fee: Provided the fame shall be delivered up to the Creditor or Creditors

of every such Prisoner, in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had actually levied a Fine, fuf-

fered a Common Recovery or Recoveries, or made a Surrender or Surrenders thereof, and thereby

had become seised in Fee; any Law, or Construction of Law, to the contrary thereof in anywise

notwithstanding.

4 LXI. And whereas many Persons who may take the Benefit of this Act have been great Dealer, or

4 otherwise engaged in large Transaftions, whereby they may be intitled to sundry and great Debts and

4 Demands, of various and intricate Natures, and they may be intitled to Equities of Redemption of

4 Estates, subject and liable to Mortgages, Judgments, and other Incumbranrts, or to Reveriions, Re-

4 mainders, or other contingent Estates in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to other Trusts or

4 Interests in Estates, both real and personal, which may not be sufficiently described or discovered in the

4 Schedule, or Inventory, before directed to be delivered in, upon Oath, as aforesaid, or which may want

4 his Aid or Afliftan'ce to adjust, make out, recover, or manage, for the Benefit of the Creditors. Be it

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective

Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or PrifOners who shall obtain his, her, or their Dis-

charge, in pursuance of this Act, or any other Person or Persons duly authorised by them for that Pur-

pose, from Time to Time, to apply to any two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County,

Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, where such Person of Persons shall be then residing,

thereby desiring that such Person or Persons may be further examined as to any Matters or Things relating

to his, her, or their Estate or Effects; whereupon such Justices shall ftnd for, or call before them, such

Person or Persons, by such Warrant, Summons, Ways, or Mean?, as they shall think fit; and, upon

such Per foil's appearing, shall examine him, her, or them, as well upm Oath as otherwise, as to such

Matters and Things, as such Assignee shall desire, relating to the Estate and Effects of such Person or

.Persons v and if any Person or Persons (on Payment, or Tender of Payment, of such reasonable Charges

and on Nonpay-

ment for two

Weeks, Prison-

er to be dif-

fiual with re-

spect to the Re-

ten* ion of any

Prisoner^

unlel* the Pri-

soner get rid of

the Objeftiorg

for which they

refused his Dif*

chi*^g»*-

Justices, on

Proof by two

Witnesses of

Objection* bo-~

ing removed,

£»c. may dif-

charge such

Prisoner. 1

Creditor intend-

ing to oppose the

Discharge of a

Prisoner, to give

him four Days

Notice thereof,

or pay the Ex-

pences of hi*

Application,Crc».

No Fugitive te-

obtain a Dif-

charge after

oa. 1, 1780a.

Persons fcifod ofi

an Edate Tail,

claim ng the Be-

nefit rfthii Adr.

are to deliver j>-

the fame loCro»

dicoM-

Assigne

apply foo further

Examination otr

Prilwner*,touch-

ing the Disco-

very of their Ef—

fcfbi

as such Justices thall judge sufficiciuj hall nrgled or refufs to come and appear, not having a lawful

• Vot. Xili. PairU.' ■ ■•■t' '■ Mn-'J • ■ - E«ufev

and Justices may*

fend for and eta-

m nr them ac-

cordingly-

PeTfen* rrfufTng.

tn appear, or an-

fwer upon Oath*

