J95

A.D. 1780. Aniio vicesimo Georgii III. C.57,58.

lier as the fame Office would by the said Act have been supplied, during the Remainder of the Term of

five Years which was computed from the Time that the first Governor-general and four fit it Counsellors

took upon them the Government of the said Presidency.

VI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing in thfs Act contained shall extend;

dr be construed to extend, to affect the Rights of the Crown, or of the said Company, after the Expiration

of this Act; but that the fame shall remain, continue, and be, in the fame State and Condition in all

Respects, as though this Act had never been made.

4 Vil. And whereas the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eq/l Indies^ have

€ resolved to build three Ships of the Line of Battle for the Use of the Public, and great Prog refs hath been

made in building the said Ships, the Expences whereof will amount to a very conhderabl^ Sum of Mo-

c ney: And whereas by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An An for continuing in

the Possejfton of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for a limit'd lime,

€ and under certain Conditions, the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and

€ for continuing^ for a limited Time, so much of an made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his pre~

*Jent Majesty, intituled, u An All for ejlabhshing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Ahuirs

€‘ of the East India Company, as well in India as in Eurcme, as will expire in the Course of the presentiear,

the said United Company are restrained from disponng of the Revenues and Profits of the said Cora-

pany, otherwise than in the said Act is particularly mentioned; and it is necessary that the said United

c Company should be indemnified with respect to any Sum or Sums of Money which they have already

paid, or may hereafter pay, on Account of building the said Ships :* Be it therefore enacted by the Au-

thority aforesaid, That the said United Company shall be, and they are hereby fully indemnified, exone*

rated, and discharged, for and upon Account of all such Sum and bums of Money as they already h\v$

paid, or may hereafter pay, for any Expences incurred, or to be incurred, in building the said three Ship^

for the Use of the Public; any Thing herein-before, or in any other Law or Statute, contained to the

contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to

be a Public Act; of which Notice shall be judicially taken by all Judges, Justices, and all other%Persons

whatsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein

mentioned.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Coffee

imported by the Raft India Company, in the Ship Europa^ in the Year one thousand seven

hundred and seventy-five.

WHEREAS great Part of the Coffee imported by the United Company of Merchants of England

trading to the East Indies, in the Ship Europa, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fe-

4 venty-five, which remained unfold on the sixth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty,

c and other Parts of such Coffee which hath been sold by the said United Company, yet remains uncleared

in their Warehouses belonging to the Buyers thereof, and which, by reason of the Interruption given to

Trade, by the Rebellion and Disturbances subsisting in several of the British Colonies in North America^

the Proprietors of such Coffee may not be able to export within the Term of three Years from the Im-

% portation thereof, being the Time limited by Law to entitle them to receive the Drawback of the Duties

4 thereon; and it is reasonable and necessary that some further Time should be granted for the Exportation

4 of such Coffee; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;’ and be it enacted by

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That if the said Coffee, imported by the said Ship Europa, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-five, and now remaining uncleared in the said Company’s Warehouses, shall be exported to any

ParC6 beyond the Seas at any Time within seven Years, to be computed from the Importation thereof,

there shall be drawn back and allowed for the fame, to the Exporter or Exporters thereof, such and the

Came Drawbacks or Allowances, and under such Rules, Regulations, Securities, Penalties, and For-

feitures, as such Exporter or Exporters would have been intitled to in case such Coffee had been exported

withioHhe Term of three Years from the Importation thereof any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the cop*

trary notwithstanding.

CAPi

This Act rot to

aftetf the Rights

of the Ciown, cr

of the Comp?r rp

after the Expi-

ration thereof.

The Company

indemnified for

all Sums of Mo-

ney they h*ve

paid, or fh: 1! p~y,9

for bo lding

three Ships for

the Use of the

Public,

Public Act.

Preamble,

Further Time

allowed for the

Exporratios of

Coffee imported

2n the Ship Eu«^

ropa.

