2 C. 5* Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1777.

On the Death,

Ac. of Trustees,

new ones to be

chosen.

Qualification of

TfuOect*

Perions af\ing

who are not

qualified, to

forfei»5ol. each*

Trustees, Ac.

not to hold any

Place of Profit*

or enter into any

Contrail relating

to this Act.

First Meeting of

the Trustees.

How new Meet-

ing* to be ap-

pointed*

No Order oalid

except made at a

puWiclc Meet-

ing.

When the Poor.

/h*U be provided

for by the

Trustees.

Church wardens

•r Oveifetrs may

give immediate

Relief to the

Pace.

jfltham Junior Esquire, George Brown, Charles Brown, Nathaniel Bishop Esquire, Samuel Bolton, Danid

Baiery George Brownsworth, William Belch, John Brotherton, Edward Bull, Thomas Cogan Esquire, Ham-

mond Craffe Esquire, James Crane, James Crook, William Cross, Nathaniel Clarkson, Edmund Clutter buck,

John Church, William Curtis, Francis Car rick, John Dawes Esquire, Francis Deakin, Thomas Eaton,

Kichard Fair cloth, William Gerrard, William Hyde Esquire, Matthias Hollis, William Hughes, John Hole,

Joseph Hodges, John Hallett, Arthur Hemming, William Kekewich, Isaac Needham, Henry Penton Esquire,

William Pitcairn M. D. John Pajfall, Thomas Rowe, John Rivington Esquire, Walter Sebbon, John Simes

Esquire^ Richard Strong Esquire, Thomas Skinner, Thomas Shirley, Daniel Sebbon, John Spiller, Bernard Fre-

dertckTaylor, Edward'Thompson, and William Welby Esquire, and their Successors, to be appointed in Man-

ner herein-after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act in Exe-

cution.

II. And be it further enacted, That when any of the Trustees herein-before named, or their Successors,

shall die, remove out of the Parish, or refuse to act, or shall neglect to act for the Space of six Months, it

shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any nine or more of them, upon three Days Notice

atleaft, to be given in the said Parish Church after Morning and Evening Prayer, and before the Sermon

(which Notice the Clerk of the said Parish is hereby required to read and to give, or cause to be read and

given), to assemble, as often as Occasion shall require, in the Vestry-room of the said Parish; and the ma-

jor Part of the said Trustees shall and may elect and appoint one other fit and able Inhabitant of the said Parish

in the Stead of every such Trustee so dying, removing, refusing, or neglecting to act; and such Person and

Persons, so from Time to Time elected and appointed, shall have the fame rower and Authority to act in

the Execution of this Act, as the Trustee or Trustees so dying, removing, refusing, or neglecting to act as

aforesaid, were invested with.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be eligible or capable of acting as a Trustee in the

Execution of this Act (except the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the said Parish), but for and

during so long and such Time only as he shall either pay or be liable to pay, as Landlord or Tenant, for

Premises situate in the said Parish, valued and rated at the Sum of thirty Pounds a Ypar at the ieaft, for and

towards the Rates and Assessments herein-after directed to be made for the Purposes of this Act; or shall in

his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, be in the aftuaf Possession or Receipt of the Rems of Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the said Parish, of the clear yearly Value of thirty Pounds, or shall be

possessed of, or intitled unto, a personal Estate of the Value of one thousand Pounds: And if any Person,

not being so qualified as aforesaid, shall presume to act in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall,

for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, together with Costs of Suit, to any Person

who shall fuc for the fame, to be recovered in any of his Majesty^s Courts of Record, by Act ion of Debt or

on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or

more than one Imparlance, (hall'be allowed, and wherein the Proof of the Qualification shall be on the

Person prosecuted; and it shall be sufficient for the Prosecutor to prove that the Person so prosecuted had

acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted. That no Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor for the Time being, or

their or any of their Assistants, or any Trustee appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall

provide, furnish, or supply, any Goods, Materials, or Provisions, that shall or may be provided, bought,

or supplied, by virtue os this Act, or shall hotyj any Place of Profit, or enter into any Contraft, or have any

Share or Interest in any Contraft, for the Use of the Workhouse or Workhouses erected or to be erected in

the said Parish for the Support or Maintenance of the Poor, during the Time of his being Churchwarden

or Overseer, or Assistant, or Trustee, as aforesaid ; and that every such Person so offending, and being

thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go and be paid

to such Person as shall inform and sue for the same, and the other Moiety shall be applied towards the Main-

tenance of the Poor of the said Parish.

V. And be it further enacted. That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall meet in the*

Vestry-room of the said Parish upon the second WednrfJay next after the passing of this Act, and shall then

and there proceed to the Execution of this Act ; and they are hereby empowered to adjourn themselves

from Time to Time, to meet at the same Place, or at any other Place within the said Parish: And if at

any Meeting so appointed there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, or to adjourn to an-

other Day, or in case the said Trustees foaffembled shall omit, neglect, or refuse to adjourn themselves,

then and in every such Cafe any two of the said Trustees, or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall appoint

a Meeting of the said Trustees to be held at the Vestry-room or Workhouse of the said Parish; publick No-

tice whereof shall be given in the said Parish Church as aforesaid, at Jeaft three Days before such Meeting ;

and that the Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own Expences.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Order or Determination of the said Trustees

shall be valid, unless the fame shall be made at a Meeting in pursuance of this Act; and that all the Powers-

and Authorities by this Act granted to or vested in the said Trustees, shall and may, from Time to Time*

be exercised by the major Part of them who shall attend at such Meetings, a sufficient Number of such

Trustees, according to the Directions in this Act given, being present at each Meeting; and that, in case

of Equality, the Chairman shall have the casting vote.

VII. And be it further enacted. That no Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish shall*,

after the twenty-seventh Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, provide, supply*

serve, or furnish any Beds, Bedding, Clothes, Victuals, or other Thing, for the Use of the Poor of the

(hid Parish; but the fame shall be bought and provided by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them.

VIII. Provided also, That nothing herein contamed (nail extend to prevent the Churchwardens or Over-

seers of the Poor, or any or either of them, from ordering the Person with whom such Things shall be de-

