*66

te-mlned by two

indiffexenc Per-

lons.

Iftbe said Per-

f os cannot

agree, they are

te chuse an

Vmjdre.

In case the Pro-

|>ric*for refufrs to

name a Referee,

Ac. the Matter

to be Icttled by

tbr Quarter

Sessions,

Tenants for

Lite, Ac. im-

pc»w.-rcd to bor-

row Money ;

•nd to mortgage

their Lands fir

* Security*

CornTTuflioneri

imj.Mwered to

borrow 6,000!*

and to assign the

Rates as a

Security,

Mortgagees to

be Crrdi ors in

equal Degree.

Application of

Money borrowed.

Mortgages of the

Rates to be

numbered.

Securities miy

be aligned by

Indorsement,

C. 65. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

said two Persons, before they proceed to determine such Dispute, shall take an Oath well and truly, to the

best of their Judgment and Knowledge, to determine whether such Lands shall or shall not be deemed

High-lands (which Oath anyone or more of th^ Ommissioners is and are hereby impowered to administer) ;

and the said two PerDns shall set forth their Determination in two distn.'t Writings, and (hill sign the

fame; one of which Writings shall be delivered to the Owner or Owmrs of such Lands, and the other of

such Writings shall he deposited and kept in the Place where the Accounts and other Records of the said

Commissioners are kepr; and the Determinatin' of the said two Perions (h ill be final.

XI. Provided nevertheless, That in case the said two Persons so chosen shall not agree in their Opinions*

then they the Lid two Persons shall nominate and appoint one other indifferent Person not having any*

Property in the said P en Lands and Low Grounds ; and such Person, being first sworn in Manner above-

men tinned, fhjll and is hereby impowered, together with the said two other Per tons, to determine the

Matter, so in Dispute; and the Determination of them, or any two of'hem, shall be final.

XII. An i he it further enabled. That in case any Proprietor of Lan h so in Dispute shall neglect or refuse

to appoint inch Referee, or the Referee by him appointed shall refuse to come to a Determination on the

said Land with the other Referee, or to agree with him in appointing an Umpire, then the Matter in Dif-

pute, how far the said Land is taxable, shall be settled and determined by the Justices of the Peace for the

County of Cambridge, assembled at their then next General Quarter Sc/lions ; and the Determination of

such Justices shall be final,

XIII. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

any Tenant or Tenants for Life or Lives, Guardians, Husbands, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of

any Infants, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes-covert, Persons beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting

for themselves, or for any Number of Years determinable upon Life or Lives, or other Contingencies, or

for Trustees of any Charities, or any other Purposes whatsoever, by Writing urp'-e tin ir Hands and Seals,

from Time to Time, to charge such of their said Lands and Grounds, which are subject and liable to be

taxed by this Act with the annual Sum of five Shillings per Acre for the first four Years after the passing of

this Act, with any Sum not exceeding the said several annual Sums of five Shillings per Acre; and for fe-

curing the Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame, to surrender, grant,

mortgage, lea'e, or demise the Lands and Grounds so to be charged unto such Person or Persons who shall

advance and lend the fame respectively; so as every such Surrender, Grant, or Demise, be made with a

Proviso or Condition to cease and he void, or with an xprefs Trust to b* surrendered or assigned, when

such Sum or Sums of Money thereby secured, with the lute eft theteof, shall be fully satisfied and paid j

and so as every such Surrender, Grant, or Demise, so to be made by any Tenant in Fee, for Life or Lives,

or in Tail, or for Years determinable upon Contingencies, contains a Proviso, that the Persons intitled in

Remainder or Reversion shall not, nor shall any Person he liable, on his her, or their becoming seised and

possessed of any such Lands or Grounds, to pay *ny further or larger Arrear of Interest than for one-half

Year preceding the Time when the Title of such P« (IVflion shall accrue and commence; and that every

such Surrender, Grant, Mortgage, Leale, or Demise, made in pursuance of this A&, shall be good, valid,

and effectual in the Law for ihe Purposes thereby intended, notwithstandinr the Want of a legal Title, or

any Settlement, Will, Trust, Use, Remainder, Limitation, or other In, umbrances, of, upon, affecting,

or concerning the fame Grounds, Lands, and Premises, or any Part or Pai ts thereof then in being, or ca-

pable of taking Effect to the contrary.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or the major

Part of them (such major Part not being lefv than fifteen), assembh-d at any public Meeting to be held as

aforesaid, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered; from Time to Time, to borrow any Sum or

Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of fix thous nd pounds, which they shall think ne-

ceftary for the new-making, carrying on, repairing, and prHerving the .aid Works; and by Writing

under their Hands and Seals (without Stamps) to assign over the said yeaily Rates and Taxes hereby

charged or to be charged upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and every or any Part thereof, as a

Security for the Repayment of tuch Sum or Sums, with Interest for the fame, to the Person or Persons who

shall advance or lend such Sum or Sums of Money, his or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns :

And all and every such Person or Persons to whom such Mortgage, Ash'inment, or Transfer thereof shall

be made, shall be, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums therein n.entioned, Creditors on the said Assessments,

Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in

respect to the Priority of advancing any Sum of Money: Which Money so to be borrowed shall, in the

first Place, be applied and disposed of to defray the Expences of obt ining this Act ; and in the next Placet

to discharge such Notes of Hand as have been given by the Commissioners for Money by them borrowed

and expended in Works for embanking and draining the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, with the In-

terest thereon due; and then the Bills due to Tradesmen for Materials and Work done by Order of the

said Commissionc rs ; and the Remainder thereof in making, maintaining, and keeping such Cuts, Drains,

Banks, Bridges, Tunnels, and Outlets, and erecting. repairing, maintaining, and keeping such Works

and Engines as shall be neceft’ary for draining and improving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and

for the other Purposes dbedled by this Act, and to no other U*e or Purpose whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Mortgages or Assignments of the said Rates and Taxes to be

made, as well of the Taxes to be raised by this piefent Aff, as all future Mortgages or Assignments to be

made of the Rates an ! Taxes raised by the said former Adf, shall be numbered, beginning with Number

One, and so proceeding in numerical Order; and that no Assignment shall be made for any greater or

leller Sum than one hundred Pounds; any Thing in the said former Act contained to the contrary not-

withstanding.

XVI. And it is hereby further enabled. That every Person to whom any Assignment of the said Rates

and Taxes to be raised by virtue of this Act, or the former Act, shall hereafter be made for securing any

3 Sum

.

