A.D. 1779. Anno decimo oGeorgii III.

C. 52.

tion, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance {hall be

allowed.

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it {hall and may

be lawful to and for any two or more Justices of the Peace, reftding near the Place where the Offence {hall

be committed, to bear and determine any Offence against this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pe-

cuniary Penalty not exceeding twenty Pounds: which said Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised and

required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made, in that Behalf, to summon the Party sc-

ented, and also the Wicnesses on either Side, and upon the Appearance or Contempt of the Party, shall

proceed to the Examination of the Matter of Fa&; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the vo-

luntary Coofeflion of the Party, or by Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judg-

ment or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture, according as in and by this A A is directed, and to award

and issue out their Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, for the levying any pecuniary Penalties or For-

feitures so adjudged, on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall

not be redeemed within fix Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if an?; and where the Goods of

such Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit fuen Offender to Prison, there

to remain until such pecuniary Penalty shall be paid and satisfied; and if either Party shall find himself

aggrieved by the Judgment of the said Justices, then he or they shall or may, upon giving Security to the

Amount or the Value of the Penalties and Forfeitures so awarded by such two Justices, appeal to the

justices of the Peace aft the next General Quarter Sections for that County. Riding, or Place, who are

hereby impowered to summon and examine Witnesses, upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the

fame; and in case of Conviction, to issue Warrants for levying the Penalties as aforesaid.

XXXVII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Justices,

where they shall fee Cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalties as they shall think fit, reasonable Cods

and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the fame,

being always allowed over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penal-

ties to left than double the Duties over and above the said Costs and Cfcuges; any Thing contained in

this A&, or any other Ail of Parliament, to the contrary no twit h (landing.

XXXVIII. And be it further emufted by the Authority aforesaid, That the federal Duties herein-before

granted shall be paid* from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Time being of

the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account

of the several Rates and Duties, and pay the feme (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and account-

ing for the fame, being dedii&ed) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner,

as the Duties now charges on damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are directed to be paid; and that

in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all

the Montes arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall

be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as afore-

said, shall, together with such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as shall be granted by any Ait or Acts

of this Soffion of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all

such Other-Charges and Expences at are directed to be paid and payable purftiant to an A& of this present

Session of Parliament (intituled, An At1 for raising a certain Sum of Monty by way of Annuities, and for efta-

blishing a Lottery).

XXXIX. And be it further ensded by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the

ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Annet (intituled, An Act for establishint a Ge-

neral Post -Office for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereoffor

the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions)y as reflrains any Persons, other than the Postmaster-

general for the Time being, and the respective Deputies and Subftltutes of such Postmaster-general, from

preparing or providing, or from letting to Hire, or furnishing Horse9 or Furniture for riding Post within

this Kingdom, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made void.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any

Time or Times be sued, melefted^, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pur-

fuance of this Act, or of anydause, Matter, or Thing, herein contained, such Person or Persons shall

and may plead the General Iffiae, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if

upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become

nonfiihed, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LII.

An Act for taking off the Duty upon all Salt used in the curing of Pilchards, and laying a

proportionable Duty upon all Pilchards consumed at Home only.

f /IX J HEREAS, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the first, intituled, An Act for recovering the Credit of the Britiftl Fishery in foreign

€ Partly and for better fenuring the Duties on Salty Pilchards cured for Exportation are exempted from

€ the Payment of any Duty on Salt to his Majesty, except the Customs payable on the Importation

thereof: And whereas of late Times the Pilchard Fishery hath been so much increased, that the

4 Demands of foreign Markets have been found inefficient to take off and vend the Quantities of Pil-

chards cured at a Price adequate to encourage and preserve a Fishery so valuable: And whereas, upon a

4 serious View and Investigauoaof the State of the said Fishery, there is Reason to hope that the fame

Vol. XIII. Part III. I i i ‘may

421

Two Justices

m y determine

any Offence

against this Act,

if the Penalty

does not exceed

201.

PerTont aggrler-

ed may appeal

to the Quarter

Sections.

Justices may mi-

tigate the Penal-

ties.

Receiver' general

of Stamp-dutiee

to pay the Du-

ties granted by

this Act into the

Exchequer.

Auditor to keep

a separate Ac-

coont thereof.

Part of an Act

of 9 Anee re-

pealed.

Pet (bos sued

for any Thing

done in purfo-

anceof this Act,

may plead the-

General Issue,

and recover

Treble Costs.

Preamble.

Recital of an

Act 5 Geo.

