37^

No Order to be

merfcd, unless

by Consent of

five Com mi f-

bsm,

Saving thje

Rights of Lords

of Manors,

Fhfcing and

Fowling referred

to Owners.

Justices may ad-

minister Oaths.

False Evidence

to be punished

M Perjury.

Persons ftggriev

ed by Order cf

Justices, may

appeal to the

Quarter Sessionef

whose Order

Stall be. final.

Proceedings net

to he qoaritod for

want of Form.

Now Jpftiaet to

proceed for Con-

viction of Often*

den.

lorm of Con*

siOion.

Limitation of

▲&ions»

Ctaanl Issue.

C. 33. Anno decimo nonoOeorgii Ilf. A.D. *779,

t- ftovidej Blvroy«, ln^ bc ft further ertaded^ That *0 Oder whtA shall be made bf thefatd Goto*

missioners, or any three dr more of tiiUtn, virtue and under the Authority of this Act, at any.of their

Meetings, fltfll bo altered, reversed* -annulled, or toad* void, atany subseqvent Meeting* onlefo five or

more of the said Commissioners shall be,prefen tat stich Meeting, and "ft all consent thereto* not unless ten

Days Notice in Writing, signed by the Clerk to the said Conraiissioners, be affixed upon the Church Doom

of Jltcar, Seftont Haljall, and tValton upon the Hill aforesaid respedivdy, on fonte Sunday; in .which said

Notice it shall be expressed what Order or Orders are intended to be reversed, altered, or made void.

LI. Provided always, and it is hereby- declared. That nothing in* this Act contained shall prejudice,

lessen, or defeat* the Right, Title* or Interest, of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of any Manor ett

Manors within the Juriiaidion or Limits whereof the said Low Lands, by this Act directed to be drained,

embanked and preserved, do lie, of, in, or to any Seigniories* Royalties, and Rights, incident and be-

longing to the said Manor or Manors, but that such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies* shall at all Tithe*

hereafter have, hold, exercise, and enjoy, all Rights, Royalties, Jurisdictions, and Privileges (except

Rich as rtiay be prejudicial to the draining of the said Lands hereby drre&ed to be drained and preferred J,

in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as he, (he, or they might have had,

held, exercised, and enjoyed the fame, in case this Act had not been made ; nor shall any Thing in this

Ad prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right or Interest of any of the Owners and Proprietors of the said Low

Lands, of, in, ot to the Liberty of Filning and Fowling in or upon the said new intended Channel, and the

said River Alt, and the Rivulets, Brooks* or Streams, running* or which shall run therein.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes wherein Jurisdiction is given to any Just ice or Justicefr

of the Peace by this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to admiitifter an Oath to any

Witness or Witnesses ; and that all and every Person and Persons, who, in any Examination to be taken

by virtue of this Act, shall wilfully give false Evidence or Information before the said Cornttaiflionets, or

any three or more of them, or before any Tuftice or Justices of the Peace* and “being convicted thereof,

shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as, by any Law now m being, Persons convicted of

wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved by the Order or

Judgment of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon Account of any Offence committed against this Act,

may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their next General Quarter Seffioas of the Peace, to be holden

by Adjournment, or otherwise, for the District of the said County Palatine of Lancaster, wherein the said

Low Lands di reded by this Act to be drained and preserved, do lie; the Person-or Persons so appealing*,

first entering into a Recognizance* with two sufficient Sureties, in a sufficient Penalty, to prosecute such

Appeal with Effect, and to pay the Costs which shall be ascertained by the said Justices in their said Ge-

neral Quarter Sessions, m cate such Order or Judgment shall be affirmed and the Justices, tn their said

General Quarter Sessions, are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine such Appeal, and to

8’ve such Costs to either Party as they shall think reasonable, and to make such Order therein as to theca

all aopear just 3 which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or re*

movable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever* into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Re-

cord at Westminster, or for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, or elsewhere.

LIV. And be R further enacted, That no Order or other Proceedings to be made or had by or before

any Tuftice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of the Powers by this Act granted, shall be quathed or va^

cated for want of Form only.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any

Person or Persons shall bs convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may caafo the Conviction

to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, as the Cafe shall happen, or in any other Form of Words

to the fame Effect:

County* Palatine of) 4 tjE it remembered. That on the # Day of in the Year

Lancaster (to wit) J 4 of our Lord jA B is ctonrided before

4 of his Majesty’s Justices f*r Justice] of the Peace for the County of Lancaster, by virtue of an Act made

4* in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for drainings improving, and'

4 preserving, the Low Lands in the Parishes of Altcar, Stfton, Hal fall, and Walton upon the Hill, in the

4 County Palatine of Lancaster, [Specifying the Offence, and the Tima and Place when and where the fame was

* committed, as the Cafe shall be.]

4 Given under our Hands and Seals” [*r Hand and Seal]* the Day and Year aforesaid.*'

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefard, That if any Action, Suit, or Information*,

{hall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done in pur*-

fiiance of this. Ad, or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, every such

Action, Suit or Information, shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fad com-

mitted* and not afterwards, and shall be brought and laid in one of his Majesty’s Courts of Record in the

County Palatine of Lancaster, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, Suit,

or Information* shall and may plead the General Issue, and if in Replevin, may jaftify and avow* by virtue*

of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Com mi flioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and may give

this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same, otherwise than as afore—

said, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Fad or Fads alleged in such Action,. Sait, or Inform

mation, to have been done. Was or were done in purfoance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the-

feme shall appear to have been so done* or if any (such Action, Suit, or Informatibn shall be brought after

the Time before knitted for bringing tilt fame, or shall be brought hr any other County or Place than a»

) aforesaid*.

