A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Ge'orgii III. C 5^*

of Judgment against the Defendant, the said Commissioners may, if they shall think-fit, refuse to grant

to such Person, against whom such Judgment shall be obtained, any Licence to Jet Horses as aforesaid in

future.

Xf. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Postmaster, Innkeeper,

Poftrrafter*, Sec.

or other Person, licensed as aforesaid, who shall let Horses to Hire by the Mile or Stage, to be used in letting out

travelling Port, shall, by themselves or Servants, previous to the tiling such Horse or Horses, ask, demand, J/r<J,trlvcl

and receive, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the Person or Persons hiring fc°vc' f*r

the fame, the Sum of one Penny per Mile, for each Mile such Horse shall be so hired to travel, at and uf. of hi* Ma-

after the Rate or Number of Miles Svhich he, (he, or they shall charge such Traveller or Travellers for the jrrtv, of the1 er.

Stage or Distance such Horse may be hired to go ; and shall, at the fame Time he or she receives Payment ions h ring the

df the Duty for such Horse or Horses, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Person or Persons hiring ranire> wd.* *or.

such Hbrfe or Horses, one or more of the Stamp-office Tickets herein-before mentioned, as Occasion shall JJ*'* lst*faac.

require, and to which such Poftmafier, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall add, or cause to be added, if an v*!; and

Innkeeper, the Name of his Sign or House, if not an Innkeeper, his or her Name; and he shall also in- deliver ro ti»c:n

fert the Name of the City, Town, or Place, wheres such licensed Person refidcs; and, in Words or Stamp office

Figures, the Month and Day of the Month, and the Number of Miles fot which such Horse or Horses lu dc,SFro?e! y

are so hired : And if any Poftmafier, Innkeeper, or other Person, Under Pretence of there not being any pr^al)*P0fl

Turnpike upon the Road through Which he may be hired to go, or under any other Pretence whatsoever, ^ thereof.

shall ne^left to ask, demand, and receive, the said Duty of one Penny per Mile from such Person or Per-

fons hiring such Horse or Horses, or shall negledf or refuse to deliver the Tukct or Tickets, filled up as

herein-before directed, to such Person or Persons so hiring the Horses as aforesaid, such Poftmafier, Inn-

keeper, or other Person, {half, for every such Offence, forfeit'and p3y the Sum of ten Pounds; and more-

over, in case of not receiving the said Rate or Duty, be chargeable therewith to his Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, in the same Manner as if he, (he, or they, bad actually received the fame.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Traveller or Travellers, Trarellm to

to whom the Tickets, whereon shall be expressed the Number of Miles, shall be delivered as aforesaid, 1?.iJ'cr ^e,rh

if they shall pass through any Turnpike, shall, at the first Turnpike through which he, (he, or they shall fir^

pass, deliver, dr cause to be delivered, to the Toll-gate Keeper there, the Ticket or Tickets so given to they fcalipafr

him, her, or them, at the Place where he, fhei or they hirbd such Horse or Horses, which the said Toll- through,

gatherer is hereby dire£led to receive and file; and if any Traveller or Travellers so going Post as afore- Tensity on be-

laid, shall have neglected to take such Ticket or Tickets, or shall not deliver, or cause the fame to be

delivered, he, (he, or they shall, before such Horses be permitted to pass through such Toll-gate, pay for

every Ilorfe hired and used by such Traveller or Travellers, the Sum of one Shilling and six Pence, which

the Gate-keeper is hereby authorised to ask and demand* and not permit such Horse or Horses to pass till

he, (he, or they shall have pajid the fame, or produced such Ticket or Tickers as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it farther enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Poftmafier, Innkeeper, Postmaster*, Sccr

or other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, who shall let to Hire any Horse or Horses by the Day, or left feting out

Period of Time, as aforesaid, shall, by themselves or Servants, previous to such Horse or Horses being ^Th*'^*?

used, ask, demand, and receive, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the fhaj| receive, for

Person or Persons hiring the fame, the Sum of one Penny per Mile for each Mile such Horse or Horses the Use of his

shall be so hired to go, where the Distance {hall be ascertained, and where the Distance shall not be afeer- Majesty, of the

tained, then the Sum of one Shilling and fix Pente for each Horse so hired, previous to such Horse or personi hiring

Horses being used; and shall, at the fame%Time, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Person or Per* mJ?* each

fons fa hiring such Horse or Horses, one or more of the Stamp-office Tickets herein-before mentioned, Ho[fc isto na-

with the Words (For a Day) inserted thereon, as Occasion shall require ; and to which every Postmaster, Vei5 or 1 •. 6d.

Innkeeper, or other Person, shall add, or cause to be added, if an Innkeeper, the Name of his Sign or for each Horse,

House, if not an Innkeeper, his or her Name, and he shall also insert the Name of the City, Town, or where the Dir*

Place, where such licensed Person resides, and, in Words orFigures, the Momh, and Day of the Month ; bc^c^uincd1!

and if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall neglect to ask, demand, and receive the said tnd fTaVddiver

Duty of one Penny per Mile, or one Shilling and six Pence for each Horse, as the Cafe shall happen to be, to them Stamp-

from such Person or Persons hiring the fame, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver the Ticket or Tickets so: office Trkc:*

filled up as aforesaid, such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit ProPcrl>fi*’eduP»

-and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, and moreover, in case of not receiving the said Rate or Duty, be charge- °&c?(Qr

able therewith to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors* in the same Manner as if he, (he, or they had, v« ic7>

actually received the fame. - 5

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons to whom such Day-ticket* t®

Day-ticket, as aforesaid, {hall be delivered, if he, (he, or they shall pass through any Turnpike in the bedel.vered at

Course of the Day for which such Ticket shall he given, shall, at the first Turnpike through which he, first Turn-

<he, or they shall pass, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Toll-gate Keeper there the Day-ticket or p,kc*

Tickets so given to him, her, or them, at the Place where he, (lie, or they hired such Horse or Herfcs,

Which the said Toll-gate Keeper is hereby directed to receive and file; and in return for such Day-ticket in Retorn for

or Tickets, every such Person or Persons shall receive, from the Toll-gate Keeper, a Ticket (called which the Gate

An Exchange Ticket)y to be supplied from the Sump-office, which shall contain the Name of the County Keeper {hull give

in which the Turnpike shall be, and the Words (Received Day-ticket) \ and also the Number of Horses Ticket*1™86

in the Figures expressed in such Day ticket, together with the Name of the City, Town, or Place, at 1C C*

which such Day-ticket was given, and fume Mark or Number, denoting the particular Day on which such

Exchange Ticket was issued, in printed or written Letters or Figures; which said Exchange Ticket the

said Toll-gatherer is hereby directed to deliver to such Person or Persons gratis, in return for such Day-

ticket so left with him as aforesaid ; and which said Exchange Ticket so delivered shall be shewn by such

Person or Persons at every Turnpike through which he, flic, or they shall afterwards oo that Day pass ?'»" ike'du.so*

Vol. XIII. Part IV. 4 F With that Day.

