242

Anno decimo octavo Georgu III.

further contir '

nued till Sept.

a9, 1785, &c.

Act 12 Geo. II.

granting a Li-

berty to carry

Sugar $ from the

Sugar Colonies

to foreign Parts,

farther conti-

nued till Sept.

29* f785» *c*

Part of an Act

39 Geo. II. for

punishing Per-

Ions going arm-

ed ordifguised,

in Defiance of

Ixcise Laws,&c.

further conti-

nued till Sept.

*9> *7^5*

»Act 14 Geo. III.

to prohibit the

Importation of

light Silver

Coin, &c.

further conti-

nued till May 1,

3783, Sec,

Part of an Act

15 Ceo. III.

relating to a

Bounty on Flax-

ferd imported

into [1 eland j

and an Act of

J6 Geo. III.

granting a firm-

lar Bounty,

further conti-

nued for two

y ears.

Act 3 Geo. I.

for berer tegu-

la ing Pilots,

and a Chuse in

an Act cf

7 Geo. I.

C. 45.

A.D. 1778.

Manufacture of British Sail Clothr and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail

Cloth imported into this Kingdom), which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June,

one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of

the then next Section of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the thirteenth,

twenty-fourth, and thirty-first Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, and the fourth and twelfth Years of his

present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand

(even hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth

Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then

next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twelfth Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Su-

gars, of the Growth, Produce, or Mantif'afiure, of any of his Majesty s Sugar Colonies in America, from the

said Colonies direttly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law},

which was to continue in Force for five Years, from the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand

seven hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament; and

which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the seventeenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-first Years of his

said Majesty’s Reign, and the fourth and twelfth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further con-

tinued until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from

thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further con-

tinued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred

and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next ^ftion of Paiiiament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the nine-

teenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for the further

Punishment of Persons going armed or difguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Cujhms or Excise, and for indem-

nifying Offenders against those Laws, upon the Terms therein mentioned; and for the Relief of Officers of the

Customs in Informations upon Seizures), as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or dif-

fuifed, in Defiance of the Laws of Customsor Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in

nformations upon Seizures, which was to continue in Force for seven Years, from the twenty-fourth

Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and forty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Sef-

fion of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, of the twenty-sixth and thirty-second Years

of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the fourth and eleventh Years of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame

is hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of Septembery one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then ne?ct Session of Par-

liament.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fourteenth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this

Realm from Foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to refrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain

Sum), which was to continue in Force until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

fix, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament; and* which, by another Act, made

in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the first Day of May, one '

thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parlia-

ment, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day

of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Sel-

fion of Parliament.

VI.’ And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the fifteenth

Year of the Reigil of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for allowing the Clothing and Accoutrements tie-

cessary for his Majesty s Forces, paid out of his Majestys Revenues ar'tfing in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be

exported from thence to the Places where fuel? Forces are ordered to ferve\ and for granting a Bounty upon Flax-

feed imported into Ireland, for a limited Time), as relates to the granting a Bounty upon Flax-feed imported

into Ireland for a limited Time, which was to continue in Force for two Yeais from the first Day of

January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament; and also another Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

(intituled, An A6l for granting a Bounty upon Flax feed, the Growth of the United Provinces, or of the

Austrian Netherlands, imported into Ireland, for a limited Time), which was to continue in Force for two

Years, from the first Day of January, one thousand leven hundred and seventy fix, and from thtnee to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame are hereby further continued, from the

Expiration thereof, for the further Term of two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next

Section of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the third Year of the

Reign of King George the First (intituled, An All for the better regulating of Pilots for the conducing of

Ships and Vefelsfrom Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway), which

was to continue in Force for seven Years, from the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and

seventeen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also a Clause in an Act of

the seventh Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle

of Thanet, which was to continue in Force during the Continuance of the said Act of the third Year ef

his said Majesty’s Reign; which said Act, together with the said Clause, were, by several substquenl Act?,

of the tenth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, and of the eighth and twenty-third Years of the Reign

of

e

