A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. C. 34^ 549

applying the said Surplus Interest to the discharging the Sums of Money directed to be applied by the

4 said Act of the seventeenth of his present Majesty, nor can the said last mentioned Act be carried into

Execution, unless a Power be given to the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper,

or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, to satisfy the Purposes of

the said former Ad of the fourteenth of his present Majesty be it therefore enacted by the King’s mol

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, out of the Funds Court of Chan-

in and by the said recited Acts, or any of them, mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High cer>.imi'0*,ered

Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great ofeie

Seal of Great Britain^ for the Time being, by any Orderor Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to change* of p»(T-

direct the Payment of the Charges and Expences attending the passing and obtaining this Act, and such ingth.s Ad,

further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of three thousand Pounds, over and above the out of any of the

said Sum of ten thousand Pounds, in order to answer and satisfy the Purposes intended by the said Act of Funds thtrcin d

the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, for the erecting Offices for the Accountant-general, and the fwther°

Register of the said Court, and for the Purchase of the Ground whereon the fame stand, in such Manner as suu. or‘3,cool,

to the said Lord High Chancellor, or the Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the toanfwrrthe

Great Seal of Great Britain, shall seem meet; any T hing in the said recited Acts, or any of them, con- P,fp°csof th.8

tained to the contrary notwithstanding. 14Get ^iii 0t

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Sale , and for regulating the

Exportation of Salt to the JJle of Man.

'4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

*4 TT/"E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s public Expences, have

4t freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and

'4 Duties on Salt herein-after mentioned 5 and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may

4 be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, Thar, from and after the tenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and

eighty, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, for and upon all Salt (over and above the Rates and Duties now due or payable thereon by

any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force), the several additional Rates and Duties following} that

is to say.

Preamble,

After May 10,

1780, the fol-

lowing new Du-

ties to be laid on

Salt; videlicet,

For every Gallon of Salt, not being of the Product or Manufacture of Great Britain, that shall be im-

ported, from and after the said tenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, into any Part

of Great Britain, the Sum of two Pence Half-penny of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the

Importer or Importers thereof; and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity:

For every Gallon of Salt, and Rock Salt, that, from and after the said tenth Day of May> one thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty, shall be made at any Salt Works, or be taken out of any Pit or Pits, in

that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy the Sum of one

Penny Farthing of like lawful Money; and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity ;

For every Bushel of Salt, that, from and after the said tenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred

and eighty, shall be made at any Salt Works, or be taken out of any Pit or Pits, in that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland, the Sum of three Pence of like lawful Money; and after that Rate for a greater or

lesser Quantity:

And for every Bushel of Salt, that, from and after the said tenth Day of May> one thousand seven hun-

dred and eighty, shall be imported from Scotland into England, Wales, or the 7 own of Berwick uponTweedy

the Sum of seven Pence; and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; to be paid by the Importer

or Importers thereof.

Which said several and respective additional Rates and Duties, herein-before granted, shall and may, from

Time to Time, be charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, and paid unto his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, by such Ways and Means, and under such Management, and subjecI to such Pe-

nalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and

subject to such Allowances, Repayments, Drawbacks, Rules, Regulations, and Directions, in all Re-

spects (not otherwise directed by this Act) as the present Duties on Salt are or can, by any Law or Statute

now in Force, be charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, and paid, as fully and

effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the several and respective Powers, Authorities,

Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Fines, Powers of Recovery, and Mitigation of Penalties, Forfeitures,

and Fines, Allowances, Repayments, Drawbacks, Rules, Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and

Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies arising by the said several

additional Rates and Duties, herein-before by this Act granted, shall, from Time to Time, be paid into

the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer by the respective Commissioners for the Duties on Salt in England

and Scotland for the Time being, at such Times, and in such Manner, as the present Duties on Salt are

Vol.XIII. PartlV. 4 B by

Halfpenny

perGallon on all

foreign Salt im-

ported:

id. Farthing per

Gallonon all Salt

and Rock Salt

male, Sec. in

England or

Wales:

3 d. per Ruftiel

on all Salt made.

See. in Scotland:

And yd. per

Bushel on all Salt

imported from

Scotland into

England or

Wales.

The said Do-

ties to be levied

and recovered.

Sec. in the fame

Manner »t the

present Duties

Produce of the

Duties to be paiA

into the Ex-

chequer.

