6o

Monies accruing

from Parish Al-

lotment*, to be

paid to Church-

wardens, See.

till Order made

to the contrary.

Two hundred

Acres of Enfeld

Allotment to be

inclosed, and

Tyihe free.

Parish Officers,

with Consent of

the Vcflry, may

kafe the fame.

Qualification of

Pc on* to rote

in Ye dry.

No Lease to be

granted for more

than three

Lives or ninety-

mine Years,

Proper Hoads

to be left.

Churchwardens

of E oft Id itn-

powered to de-

mile twenty

C. 17. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

Part thereof, ffaall remain in common to such Parish, such and the fame Right of Common, and to and for

the fame, or the like Number of Horses, Cows, and other Cattle, as such rerfon or Persons now is or are

or would have been intitled to keep and departure, or to have kept and depastured on the said Chafe at

large, in case this Afl had not been made. And further. That until any such Rule or Order shall be made

to the contrary, and confirmed as before directed, all Monies which shall arise and accrue from the said

Parish Allotments, by virtue of this Afl, shall be from Time to Time received by the Churchwardens of

the respective Parishes for the Time being, and shall, together with all Penalties by them to be received

under the Authority of this Afl, be by them paid over to the Overseers of the Poor of the fame Parishes

respectively, to be applied in Aid of the Poor’s Rate of such respective Parish, faveand except the Monies

which shall arise and accrue from the aforesaid two hundred Acres (Part of the said Enfield Allotment), in-

tended to be inclosed as herein-after mentioned; and also except such Monies as lnall be expended in

making and completing a certain Road herein-after directed to be made by or at the Expence of the said

Parish of Enfield; and that all Trespasses, Nuisances, Surcharges, Wartes, and other Offences, which

shall at any Time be committed upon any of the said Allotments, after the Fences thereof by this Afl di-

refled shall be made and completed, and for which the Offenders, in case the said Chafe had remained in

its present State, would have been subject to any Indiflment, Fine, Amerciament, or other Pain, Penalty,

Prosecution, or Punishment, in the Court of the Manor of Enfield, or any other Court, or before any of

his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, shall and may be presentable and punishable in the lame Manner as if

the said Chafe had remained undivided.

4 LXI. And whereas upon the Treaty for the Division of the said Chafe between the King’s Majesty and

c the several other Parties interested therein, the aforesaid two hundred Acres, Part of the said Enfield Al-

4 lotment, were agreed to be allotted to the said Parish of Enfield (freed from all Tythes), as a Satisfaction

4 for the aforesaid Dismemberment of their said Parish, by the annexing to the said other three Parishes

4 their aforesaid respective Allotments; and that the said two hundred Acres should be inclosed and let out

4 to Tenants, and the Rents and Profits thereof appropriated in Aid of the Land Tax and Poors Rates

4 assessed and raised, and to be assessed and raised, within the said Parish of Enfieldbe it therefore enacted.

That the said two hundred Acres shall be inclosed in that Part of the said Chafe, which, after a straight or

direst Line to be drawn from Sanders-corner to Pqfiern-corner, shall lie to the East of such Line; and the

said two hundred Acres shall, after the Inclosure thereof, be for ever freed, exonerated, and discharged, of

and from all Tythes whatsoever.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That immediately afrer the passing of this Act, it shall and may be

lawful to and for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Paiifti of Enfield for the Time being,

or their Successors, to employ or take to their Aid such expeiienced Surveyor as they shall think fit, and

to flake out the aforesaid two hundred Acres of Land into Lots or Parcels, in order to the letting the fame

by Lease in such Manner as they shall conceive will be most advantageous and beneficial to the said Parish j

and to cause a Map or Plan to be made, whereon shall be described or delineated the several and respective

Lots or Parcels, and the Quantity by Measure of each and every such Lot or Parcel; and thereupon to

call a Vestry of the said Parish or Enfield, by giving Notice thereof on three Sundays as aforesaid, for the

Purpose of taking into Consideration how far such Lots or Parcels are properly laid out; and that it shall

and may be lawful, from Time to Time, to and for the major Part of the Inhabitants of the said Parish,

then and there assembled in Vestry, to make such Order as to them shall seem meet, for impowering and

-direfling the said Churchwardens to let, set, lease, or demise, the said two hundred Acres, either by

private Contrast or by public Auflion, and in such Lots or Parcels as {hall be then and there settled and

approved, unto such Persons, and at such annual Rents, and for such Terms or Number of Years, or for

Life or Lives, or by the Year, or at Will, and under such Covenants, Conditions, Piovifoes, and Re-

ftriflions, as {hall in and by such Order be directed, expressed, or contained.

LXIII. Provided always. That no Inhabitant of the said Parish assembled in such Vestry, shall have a

Voice or be at Liberty to vote for making any such Order for letting the said two hundred Acres, as afore-

said, who shall not be assessed to the Poor’s Rate of the said Parish for ten Pounds annual Rent, or up-

wards: and that no such Order shall be of any Force or Effefl, unlefr. there are present at every such Vestry

ten or more Freeholders or Copyholders, who are rated and assessed to the Land Tax and Poor’s Rates

within the Lid Parish for ten Pounds a Year Rent, or upwards, nor until all and every such Order and

Orders be confirmed by a subsequent Vestry of Inhabitants, and such Number of Freeholders or Copy-

holders respectively, rated as aforesaid, and called by giving such Notice as aforesaid; and that no such

Lease or Demise shall be made or granted for any greater or longer Term or Terms than three Lives or

ninety-nine Years, and that, on the Renewal of every such Lease or Demise, the Term to be granted in

Reversion, together with the Term then in Possession, shall not exceed three Lives or ninety-nine Years ;

and that no such Lease or Demise shall be valid or cffeflual, unless the best improved yearly Rent that can

be reasonably had or gotten for the fame be thereby reserved and made payable, during the Continuance

thereof, without taking any Fine, Income, Premium, or Foregift, for or in respefl of the making or grant-

ing such Lease or Demise; and that every Lcflce of the said two hundred Acres shall, at the Time of

the granting any such Lease, execute a Counterpart thereof, which Counterpart shall be deposited and kept

in the public Chert of the said Parish of Enfield.

LXIV. Provided also, That in setting out the said two hundred Acres into Lot% for the Inclosure thereof

as aforesaid, there shall be left open for the convenient Approach to the several Houses and inclosed Lands,

adjoining to or abutting upon the said two hundred Acres, fit and proper Roads, Ways, and Pillages, so

that the Owners and Occupiers of the said Houses and Lands may not be damnified or prejudiced by such

Inclosure; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 LXV. And whereas the Right Honourable Sir Thomas Halifax, Knight (now Lord Mayor of London),

4 is leized of a capital Meflusgc contiguous to the said two hundred Acres, Parcel of the said Chafe here-

by

