428

After JuTy

17^9, Auc-

tioneers felling

any Etfefls. &c.

l-tzcd by a She.

rilFin Execution,

(lull enuaru rite

the Particulars

ru^ieof in trie

Catalogue to be

deliveted by

t iem, which

shall becertified

b/ flic Sheriff,

Scz.\

And A0Pioneer*

employed to fell

the Effefla of

a iv Bankrupt,

/hall enumerate

thePaiticula'Stn

the Catalogue M

aforesaid, which

shall be certified

by. the A0ignees,

dec.

Penalty on Sher

riff, Sec. or Af-

signee, who Audi

lurfer an EfUte,

Sec. to be insert-

ed io the Cata-

logue which wu

not the Property

of the Debtor or

Bankrupt.

Auctioneer a em-

ployed to fell

Goods damaged

by Fire, for the

Benefit of the

In furert, shall e-

numerate the

Particulars io the

Catalogue,which

thall be certified

by the Inform.

Penalty on In-

so rers who shall

suffer to be in-

ferted in the Ca-

talogue any

Goods other

than fuchas were

to be, fold for

theii Benefit,dec.

Penalties and

Forfeitures how

to be recovered

anA applied^

PreambU,

C. 57. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779*

Bills to Prmijpry. Notes 5 and for limiting Actions, upon Bilk and Promissory Notes, in that Part of Great

called ixpotland; any 1 hing herein contained to the contra.ry aotwithstanding.

4 XVI. And for the better and more eft eft ua I pseventipg Frauds which may be practised by Auctioneers

4 felling Estates, Goods, or Chattels, under the Authority of Sheriffs* or their Under-(heriffs, or under

the Order and Direction of the Afliguees under any Commission of Bankruptcy*,9 be it further enacted

by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven handled

and fevemy-nine, every Auctioneer who shall fell at Auction any Estates, Goods, or Chattels, that have

been seized by any Sheriff or Under-iberiff, or by their Authority, and by them, or either of them, taken

for the Benefit of Creditors, in Execution of any Judgment had and obtained, shall specify and enume-

rate, in the Catalogue by him to be delivered under the Directions of this Act, as well the particular

Estates and Effects to be sold, and also the exact Sum to be levied under such Execution; and the Sheriff

or Under-(heriff respectively shall, and they are hereby required to subscribe and sign every such Catalogue,

and to certify at the Foot thecepf, that ali and every th£ Estates, Goods, and: Eftefts, in such Catalogue

respectively specified and enumerated, were really and truly the Property of the Person against whom such

Judgment was had and obtained, and that the fame, and every Part thereof, were actually seized in Exe-

cution of the fame Judgment; and every Auctioneer who shall be employed, by the Assignees under any

Commission of Bankruptcy, to fell the Effects of any Bankrupt, shall likewise specify and enumerate, in

the Catalogue to be by him delivered as aforesaid, the particular Goods and Effects then to be sold; and

the Assignees, or Assignee, if only one under such Commission, shall, and he and they is and are hereby

required to subscribe and fig a inch Catalogue, and to certify, at the Foot thereof, that all and every the

Estates, Goods, Chattels, and Effects, in such Catalogue respectively specified and enumerated, were

really and truly the Property of the said Bankrupt at the Time of suing forth, the said Commission

which respective Catalogue, so signed and certified as a fore said, shall be produced by every such Auction-

eer, to the Person to whom such Auctioneer is by this Act directed to deliver his Account, before such

Auctioneer shall be permitted to pass his Account, or to have the (kmc allowed: And if such Sheriff,

Under-ftieriff, Assignee, or Assignees respectively, shall infers, or suffer or permit to be inferred, in any

such Catalogue so to be subscribed, signed, and certified* as aforesaid, any Estate, Goods, Chattels, or

Effects whatsoever, other than such as were really and truly the Property of the Debtor or Debtors, Bank-

rupt or Bankrupt?, as aforesaid, respectively; or if any Sheriff or Under-(heriff shall omit or neglect to

certify on such Catalogue the true Sum to be levied, or shall certify theneon any selfe Sum to be levied,

then, and in every such Cafe, the Party offending shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and

lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July,

one thousand seven hundred and fevemy-nine, every Auctioneer who shall be employed to fell any Goods

damaged by Fire, sold by Order of, and for the Benefit of, the Infarer or Insurers of such Goods, shall

specify and enumerate, in the Catalogue to be by him delivered as aforesaid, the particular Goods then to

be fold; and the Insurers, or the Infurcr, if only one, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to

subscribe and sign such Catalogue, and to certify, at the Foot thereof, that all and every the Goods in

such Catalogue respectively specified and enumerated, were really and truly fold for the Benefit of such

Insurer or Insurers; which Catalogue so signed and certified as aforesaid, shall be produced by every such

Auctioneer, to the Person to whom such Auctioneer is, by this Alt, to deliver his Account, before such

Auctioneer shall be permitted to pass his Account, or to have the fame allowed: And if such Insurer or Insurers

respectively shall insert, or suffer or permit to be infe/ted, in any. such Catalogue so to be subscribed, signed,

and certified as aforesaid, any Goods whatsoever other than such as were really and truly to be sold for the

Benefit of him or them as aforesaid 5 or if any Insurer or Insurers shall omit or neglect to certify on such

Catalogue the true Particular of the Goods to be sold; then, and in every such Cafe, the Party offending

shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and For-

feitures, imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means,

and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated, by any Law or

Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majelt/s Courts of Re-

cord at Westminster% or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland \ and that one Moiety of every such Fine,

Penalty, or Forfeiture (all necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being first deduced), shall be to his

Majesty, his Heirs and Succeftbrs, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or

sue for the same.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for the better providing of a Maintenance for the Vicar of the Parish of The Trinity ',

in the City of Coventry.

WHEREAS in the City of Coventry there are two Pariftiet and Parish Churchei,one whereof is the Pa-.

4 W ri(h and Vicarage of Saint Michael^ and theotherthe Parish and Vicarage of TheTrinity: And whereas

the King's Majesty, in Right of the Crown of these Realms, is Patron of the said Vicarage of The Trinity;

and the Tythes, and other Vicarial Profits and Benefits, do principally arise from Rates or Assessments

4 made by virtue of an Act, passed in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary^

4 intituled, An Act for the Payment of Ty the s in the City of Coy entry: And whereas, in Procefsot Time, the

4'Rates and Assessments made under or by virtue of the said Act have been much dim ini (hed from their

4 trde Value, and Differences and Suits hare arisen and taken place between the Vicar and the Inhabitants

‘ ' ‘ “ , 4 relative

