47°

Commissionento

take Security of

(he Trcafuxer j

wfiftfliaflicconht

for »1) Monica

received. &c.

Commissioners to

take Cognizance

of DebtiforRent

under 401,

Ko Person to re-

cover Rent as

aforesaid, un-

less he has been

in Possession of

thePrcmifes,&c.

12 Months pre-

ceding the Time

for which such

Rent is demand-

ed.

This Act not to

prevent any Per-

son from dirt rain-

ing for Rent.

If Defcndantne-

gleftstoappear to

the Summons,

the Court may

pronounce Judg-

ment in his Ab-

fence j

and Aall appoint

a certain Time

for him to ftiew

Cause against

such Judgment,

Ac.

Attornies not ex-

empt from the

Junfdiftion of

the Court.

C. 68. Anno dectmo norto Giorgm III. A; D. 779.-

Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, or by any feveri or more of them assembled at any such Meeting or

Meetings.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners assembled at any such General Meeting or

Meetings as aforesaid, or any seven or more of them, {hall and may, and fere hereby required to take fuf-

ficient Security of such Treasurer or Treaftirers so to be elected and chosen as aforesaid, by Bond, or other-

wife, to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, in any Sun* not less than two thousand

Pounds, for the accounting and due Payment, by such Treasurer or Treasurers, of all Monies which {hall

come toJiis or their Hands, and for the Delivery of all Books, Papers, and Writings, to any succeeding

Treasurer or Treasurers; and the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, assembled at any

such Meeting, may discharge or remove such Treasurer or Treasurers from his or their said Office:

And every such Treasurer or Treasurers shall account annually, or oftener, if thereunto required by

the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any such General Meeting, for all Monies by

him or them received and paid, as such Treasurer or Treasurers as aforesaid, on fourteen Days previous

Notice to be given or left at his or their House or Houses, or most usual Place or Places of Abode, for

that Purpose : And the said Treasurer or Treasurers, or his or their Executors or Administrators, shall

well and truly pay all such Monies, as shall appear to be remaining in his or their Hands, in auditing or

settling such Accounts, and shall deliver over all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Possession,

Custody, or Power, belonging to the said Commissioners, or to the said Office of Treasurer, to any fuc-

ceeding Treasurer or Treasurers, when thereunto required by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more

of them, at any such General Meeting as aforesaid.

4 XX And whereas there are great Numbers of Manufacturete and Day-labouring People residing in

* the Tower Hamlets, who with their Families occupy Tenements, or Parts of Tenements, let by Parole

1 Demise, and the Expences of recovering of such Rents by Action at Law most commonly exceed the

c Amount of the Rent feed for, to the great Injury of the Landlords of such Tenements, and the Op-

* pression of such Occupiersfor Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it {hall

and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to take Cognizance of any Debt or Demand, un-

der the Value of forty Shillings, for Rent of any Tenement, or Part of a Tenement, within the Tower

Hamlets aforesaid, let by Parole Demise (except the Precinct of the Tower within) 3 and also for the said

Commissioners to hear and determine on such Debts and Demands, and to award Execution, in the fame

Manner as they .are authorised to do for any other Cause of Aftiop, any Thing in the said former Act con-

tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided always nevertheless. That the said Commissioners shalliiot take Cognizance of any such

Demand or Claim for Rent, unless the Person or Persons making such Demand or Claim, or the Person or

Persons in whose Right such Demand or Claim shall be made, or under whom he or they shall claim, hath

or have been in the actual Possession of the said Tenements, or in the actual Receipt of Rent for the said

Tenements, during twelve Months immediately preceding the Time for which such Rent shall be so de-

manded ; and provided also that no Recovery of Rent in the said Court be accepted or given in Evidence

in Support of the Title of any Person or Persons whatsoever, to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments

whatsoever.

XXII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to pre-

vent any Person or Persons from making Distress for or bringing any Action or Actions for Rent* although

the fame shall not amount to the Sum of forty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this

Act, in all Cafes whatsoever, whenever any Debtor or Defendant, residing within the Jurisdiction of thte

said Court, shall have been duly summoned to appear before the Commissioners in the said Court, accord-

ing to the usual and accustomed Manner of fummoiyng Persons for that Purpose, and such Debtor or De-

fendant shall refuse or neglect to appear to such Summons, it shall and may be lawful for the said Cotn-

missioners, or any three or more of them, when assembled in the said Court, upon due Proof being made

before them that such Debtor or Defendant was duly summoned in Manner as aforesaid, to proceed to

hear the Cause or Matter of Complaint, touching or concerning such Debt or Debts, on the Part of the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make or pronounce thereon such Order or Orders, pr Judgment or Judg-

ments, in respect of the Debt or.Debts demanded or sued for, as to them shall seem just and equitable:

And the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall then fix upon and appoint some certain

Time and Place, according to their Discretion, for every such Debtor or Defendant to shew Cause before

the Commissioners of the said Court, or any three or more of them, against such Order or Orders, Pr

Judgment or Judgments, so made and pronounced upon such Hearing as aforesaid 3 at which Time and

Place, or at any other subsequent Court or Courts, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of

them, shall have full Power and Authority by this Act (whether such Person or Persons shall appear or

ihew Cause, or not) upon Proof, on the Oath of one of the Beadles of the said Court (That such Order

or Orders, or Judgment or Judgments, or a Copy thereof, had been delivered to such Debtor or Debtors,

or left at his, her, or their usual Place of Residence, or Abode, or Working), to award Execution there-

upon, in like Manner as by the said. former Act they are authorised to do in> other Cafes: And the Clerks

and Beadles of the said Court are, in every such Cafe, hereby authorised to take and receive the like Fees,

for the Call of the Defendant, and making, and serving or leaving of every such Order as aforesaid, as

they are authorised and impowered to take and receive for or upon any Attachment, issued by virtue of or

under this or the said former Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Privilege shall be allowed to

. exempt any Perfoft from the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests on account of his being an At-

: torney or Solicitor of any of the Courts at Westminster> or of any other. Court whatsoever, but that *11

* Attornies

