286

the Militia is

embodied, and

at a Di fiance

from Home.

Lift of Private

Men willing to

renew their Ser-

vice, to betranf-

mitted to the

Clerk of the Ge-

neral Meeting 3

who shall traaf-

xnit Duplicates

to the Clerks of

the Subdivision

Meetings;

Seven Days af-

ter which, Sub-

division Meet-

ings shall be

held.,

Business to be

done at those

Meetings.

JtjfKce to admt-

nifter the Oath

to Militia Men,

and to certify

the lajftCr

form of Ccrtifi-

C. 59. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

it belongs, the Commanding Officer of such Corps shall apply to every Man whose Time shall be within

four Months of expiring, and who in his Judgment shall be fit to serve, and inquire if he be willing to

continue his Service for a further Term of three Years, and for what Sum or Price he shall be so willing

to continue it, if required; and also that the Commanding Officer of ^very Corps, during such Time as

the fame shall be embodied, and at a Distance from Home, as aforesaid, shall, on the first Day of January9

March, May, July, September, and November, respectively, or as soon after as conveniently may be,

transmit to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the County or Riding to which his Corps shall belong,

a List of all such Private Militia Men in the said Corps, whom, upon Application made as aforesaid, he

shall find willing to renew their Service as aforesaid; in which Lift mall likewise be set down the Sum for

which he shall be so willing to renew and continue his Service as aforesaid; which Lift shall be signed by

the Militia Men so consenttng as aforesaid, and be made in the following Form:

Dated the Day of

Name of the County. Namet of the Men actually serving. If Substitutes, for whom they serve. OfthePa- ri(h of In the Hundred of Time of his Ser- vice expires on the Engages to serve 3 Years longer, if required, for the Sum of Signature of Consent.

A. B. C. D. P. H. A. B.

E.F. j- E.F.

G. K. L. M. R. N. V _ G. K.

And that such Signature as aforesaid shall be binding and conclofive, to all Intents and Purposes, on the

Person so signing as aforesaid.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the General Meeting shall trans-

mit to each Clerk of the several Subdivision Meetings respectively. Duplicates or Copies of such Parts of

the said Lifts as contain the Names of such Persons as serve for the Parishes, Townships, or Places, within

such respective Subdivisions; and the Clerk of each Subdivision Meeting respectively shall, on Receipt

thereof, forthwith give seven Days Notice for a Subdivision Meeting to be held, at which the whole

Number, whose Times shall expire within four Months of the Date of the said Lifts, shall be chosen by

Lot, or otherwise supplied, according to the Statutes in that Cafe made and provided; and the Deputy

Lieutenants or Justices present at the Subdivision Meeting, when the Men so chosen shall attend to be

(worn and enrolled, shall acquaint each Man who shall be chosen for any Parish, Township, or Place,*

in the said Subdivision, if there be any of those who are at that Time serving for the fame, who are willing

to continue his or their Service as Substitute or Substitutes for the next three Years, after the Expiration

of his or their present Term of Service, and also with the Price or Prices for which he or they are willing

so to continue the fame; and the Person or Persons chosen as aforesaid shall declare whether he or they be

willing to give the Prices which shall appear, by the Lifts aforesaid, to be agreed to be taken by the Pep-

fons then (erving, who shall have signed their Consents as above directed; and such Persons as are willing

ib to give the Sums so set down as aforesaid, shall signify their Consent thereto, and shall forthwith pay,

into the Hands of the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices, such Sum or Sums as (land respectively in the said

Lifts against the Names so subscribed as aforesaid; which Sum or Sums of Money shall be, by the rani

Deputy Lieutenants or Justices, remitted to the Commanding Officer of the Corps of Militia, and be by

him paid to such Persons respectively as shall have engaged to serve as above mentioned, who, on the Re-

ceipt thereof, shall be sworn and inrolled as is herein-after directed: And that it shall and may be lawful

for any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Division, or Place, where such Regiment,

Battalion, or Independent Company, shall happen to be, to administer the Oath to every such Militia

Man; and such Justice is hereby required to certify such Oath, under his Hand and Seal, to the Com-

manding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, according to the Form herein-

after directed; which Certificate shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Person so

sworn had been inrolled.

Form of CERTIFICATE.

shire, 1 c Ai B. of the Parish of G. in the County of D. hired as a Substitute to serve in the Militia

to vjit. J for E. F. of the Parish of G. in the County of H. came this Day before me /. K. one of

4 his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of and took and

f subscribed the following Oath j tAdelicet%

i VI A. B.

