4°4

, Thi. Act (lull

not a lie ft the

B ift. n Small

Debu Ad*

This Act not to

extend to the

Pari/fc of Great

Sturton.

Limitation of

Actions*

General Issue.

Treble Costs*

Public Act*

Preamble $ re-

citing; the Tole-

ration Act x Gul*

fc Mar*

t*rotestant Dif-

fenting Mini-

fters, vrho Hull

take the Oaths

and subscribethe

Declaration

against Popery

reqaired by the

said Act* and

dull also make

and subscribe the

following De-

claration,

stall be intitled

to all the Pri-

vilege* granted

by the Tolera-

tion Act,- aed by

nn Act loAnr*

for confirming

the fame, dec.;

C. 44. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

never been made, and shall not be, or be deemed to be, altered, lessened, or affeSed thereby; any Thing

herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not with standingj.

XXX11L Provided always, and be it further enaSed, That nothing in this AS contained shall extend,

or be construed to extend, to prejudice, obstruS, prevent, or defeat the Execution of an Act, made in

the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second* intituled, An Act forth*

more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of Boston and Skirbeck Quartery and the

Parishes of Boston and Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln, or in any Manner whatsoever to interfere with,

lessen, or alter the Jurisdiction of the Court of Requests for the Borough of Boston, Skirbeck Quarter, and

Parishes of Boston and Skirbeck, by the said AS constituted, or to impower the Commissioneis, act ng by

virtue of this AS, to intermeddle with, or to invalidate, lessen, alter, or take away, any of the Rights,

Powers, or Authorities which by the said AS were veiled in all or any of the Commissioners sSing under

the said AS; but that the fame shall be and continue as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act

had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enaSed and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the P.irish

of Great Sturton* in the Wapentake of Gartree, shall not be deemed to be within or Part of the Wapen-

take of Gartree aforesaid, with respeS to any Provisions or Powers contained in this AS; any Thing in

this AS contained to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enaSed by the Authority aforesaid, That if any ASion or Suit shall be

brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Matter or Thing done, or omitted to be

done, in pursuance of this AS, such ASion or Suit shall be brought or commenced within three Calendar

Months next after the Cause of ASion shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County of

Lincoln, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such ASion or Suit shall and may plead

the General Issue, and give this AS and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereon ;

and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue such ASion or Suit, or if upon a

VeidiS or Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or De-

fendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedies for the fame as any Defendant or

Defendants can or may have in other Cafes where Costs are given by Law.

XXXVI. And be it further enaSed by the Authority aforesaid, That this AS shall be deemed, ad-

judged, and taken to be a public AS; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges,

Jud bees, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same*

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for the further Relief of Protestant Dissenting Ministers and Schoolmasters.

4 IT 7 HERE AS, by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary,

intituled, An Act for exempting their Afajejlies Protestant Subjects, disfentingfrom the Church of Eng-

landifrom the Penalties of certain Laws, Persons dissenting from the Church of England, in holy Or-

1 ders, or pretended holy Orders, or pretending to holy Orders, and Preachers or Teachers of any Con-

gregation of Dissenting Protestants, are required, in order to be intitled to certain Exemptions, Be-

nents. Privileges, and Advantages, to declare their Approbation of, and to subscribe, the Articles of

Religion mentioned in the Statute made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth (ex-

4 cept as in the said AS, made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, is ex-

4 ccpted): And whereas many such Persons scruple to declare their Approbation of, and to subscribe, the

said Articles not excepted as aforesaid: For giving Ease to such scrupulous Persons in the Exercise of

4 Religion,9 may it please your Majesty that it may be enaSed; and be it enaSed by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That every Person dissent-

ing from the Church of England, in holy Orders, or pretended holy Orders, or pretending to holy Or-

ders, being a Preacher or Teacher of any Congregation of dissenting Protestants, who. if he scruple to

declare and subscribe as aforesaid, shall take the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration against

.Popery, required by the said AS, in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, to be

taken, made, and subscribed by Protestant Dissenting Ministers, and shall also make and subscribe a De-

claration in the Words following; videlicet,

4 J A.B. do solemnly declare, in the Presence of Almighty God. that I am a Christian and a Protestant,

and as such, that I believe that the Scriptures of the Old and NewTestament, as commonly received

4 among Protestant Churches, do contain the revealed Will of God; and that 1 do receive the same as

the Rule of my DoSrine and PraSice*

shall be, and every such Person is hereby declared to be, intitled to all the Exemptions, Benefits, Privi-

leges, and Advantages, granted to Protestant Dissenting Ministers by the said AS, made in the first Year

of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary\ and by an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of

Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for preserving the Protestant Religion, by better securing the Church of Eng-

land, as by Law ejlabltjhed; and for confirming the Toleration granted to Protestant DiJ/enters by an Act, its-

tituled, 4 An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of Eng-

4 land, from the Penalties of certain Laws ;9 and for Supplying the Defects thereof; and for the further Jt-

curing the Protestant Succcssion* by requiring the Praftifers of the Law in North Britain to take the Oaths and

subscribe the Declaration therein mentioned; and the Justices of the Peace at the General Session of the Peace

to be bokten for the County or Place where any Protestant Dissenting Minister shall live, are hereby re-

quired

