C. 2

Anno decimo nono Georgii III,

34-8

landing of Rum,

Ac. betoic Pay-

ment of the

Dai tiff of Excise,

further conti-

nue.! till Sept*

*9» *7^5, &c.

Act 7 Geo, III.

relating to the

, Duties on- Im-

portation of

Tallow, &c.

further conti-

nued till March

So much of an

Act 10 Geo. III.

as relates to re-

gulating the

Fees of Custom-

house Officers in

America, dec.

further conti-

nued till Aug. I,

•1781, Arc.

So much of 16

Geo. 111.Cap.

37, at relates to

the Esportation

of Wheat, &c.

to the Sugar

Colonies,

further confi-

rmed till May f,

17.80.

Clause for en-

couraging the

Exportation of

Rum, Sec. the

Produce of the

British Sugar

Plantations, to

be consumed on

board Vefleli in

foreign Paru.

Drawback. not

to be allowed for

any Rum ex-

ported in a Cade

containing left

than 100 Gal-

lons, Ac*

A.D. 1779.

the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the fame in Warehouses at their own Expence j and for the Re-

lief of Ralph Barrow, in respett to the Duty on some Rock Salt, loft by the overflowing of the Rivers Weaver

and Dane ; as relates to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the Rritish Sugar Plantations, before Payment of

the Duties of Excise, and to the lodging of the fame in Warehouses, at the Expence of the Importers or

Proprietors thereof, which was to continue in Force from the twenty-ninth Day of September, onethou-

sand seven hundred and foity-two, to the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and

forty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament* and which, by several sub-

sequent Acts of the twenty-third and thirty-full Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the

fourth and eleventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-

ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eighr, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the Expiration

thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the seventh Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to dlfcontinue y for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon

the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard\ and GreaJ'ey which was to be in Force for three Years, from the

twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of

the then next Session of Parliament 5 and which by several subsequent Acts, of the tenth, thirteenth, and

.sixteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-fifth Day

of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, shall be, and the fame is hereby further con-

tinued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth Day of Marche one thousand seven hundred

and eighty-two.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the tenth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Cuf-

toms in America, and for extending the fame to the Naval Officers there, which was to be in Force from

the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, for the Term of two Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was by two Acts, made in the twelfth

and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the first Day of August,

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament, shall he, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the first

Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the sixteenth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Ah for allowing the Exportation of certain Quanti-

ties of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty s Sugar Colonies in America* and to the island of Saint Helena,

and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies ;

and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, andLabrador ; and for indemnifying

all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution his Majesty's Orders of Council already •made for

allowing the Exportation of Wheat and other Articles; as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quan-

tities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, which was to continue in

Force until the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven; and which by two

Acts, made in the seventeenth and eighteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued

until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nihe, shall be, and the fame is hereby

further continued, frohi the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred

and eighty.

4 VII. For encouraging the Exportation of Rum and Spirits of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture,

4 of the British Sugar Plantations in America, from this Kingdom, as Stores to be sent and con fumed on

4 board in any Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas \ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during

the Term of two Years from and after the passing of this Act, the fame Drawbacks and Allowances which

are given by any former Act or Acts of Parliament nowin Force on the Exportation of such Rum to Parrs

beyond the Seas, as Merchandise, shall -he allowed and paid to the Merchant or Merchants, on his, her,

or their shipping any such Rum as Stores to be spent and consumed on board in any Voyage to Parts be-

yond the Seas; and when any Merchant or Merchants shall be desirous of shipping any such Rum as

Stores, as aforesaid, and shall give five Days Notice thereof to the respective Commissioners of Excise, for

the Time being, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall, from Time to Time, appoint for that

Purpose, mentioning in such Notice the exact Destination of the intended Voyage, the Tonnage of the

Ship or Vessel, and the Number of the Mariners intended to be employed in navigating the fame, and

also the Number of his Majesty’s Troops that may hereafter be embarked in the fame ; it mall and may be

lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons so to be appointed by them

as aforesaid, to ascertain the Ouantity of such Rum which shall be shipped on board such Ship or Vessel as

Stores, and for which such Drawback and Allowance shall be paid and made; and also the Size and

Marks of the Cask or Calks in which such Spirits shall be so shipped ; and on Oath being made, before

one or more of the said Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place from

whence any such Rum is intended to be exported, or before such other Person or Persons as shall be autho-

rifed as aforesaid by the said Commissioners of Excise for that Purpose, that the fame are to he shipped as

Stores, to be spent and consumed in the Voyage, the Merchant or Merchants shipping the fame shall be

paid the fame Drawbacks, and have the fame Allowances for Rum so shipped, as if such Rum had been

exported as Merchandise : Provided always. That neither the said Drawback or Allowance, or any other

Drawback or Allowance, shall be made or paid for any Quantity of such Rum which shall be exported or

shipped for Stores as aforesaid, in any Calk which shall contain less than one hundred Gallons; nor shall

6 an y

