The TITLES of

41. An Act to prevent the clandestine unflhipping from and

receiving Goods at Sea on Board Vessels employed in the

East India Company’s Service; for ascertaining the

Manner of discharging Bonds given for the due Expor-

tation of certain Goods from Great Britain to Foreign

Parts; and to oblige the Masters of British or Irish Ships,

failing from any of his Majesty's Dominions into the

Baltick, to deliver a Manifesto of their Cargoes to the

British Consul residing there.

42. An Act for preventing Abuses in the making and

vending Bricks and Tiles.

43. An Act for repealing the eleventh Rule in the Book of

Rates, so far as the fame relates to making any Allow-

ance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and

Raisins, and for making the Importer of such Goods an

Abatement in the Duties in lieu thereof \ and for ex-

plaining the said Rule with respect to such Allowance for

Damage on other Goods , and to permit the Exportation

of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British

Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies for a

limited Time.

44. An Act to continue the several Laws therein men-

tioned, relating to encouraging the making of Indico in

the British Plantations in America; to the registering the

Prices at which Com is fold in the several Counties of

Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported;

to encouraging the manufacturing of Leather, by lower-

ing the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark,

when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate;

to the allowingTimber and Wood to be exported from

the Istand of Dominica into -any other of the British

Islands, Colonies, or Plantations in America \ and to the

allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made

Cordage.

4$. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of

Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of

Protestant Purchasers.

46. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way

of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

47. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain

Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven; and for

further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session

of Parliament.

48. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, made in 1

the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for promoting the Discovery of a Method for finding the

Longitude at Sea, so far as relates to the Encourage-

ment and Reward of Persons making letter Discoveries

for finding the fame, or making other useful Discoveries

and Improvements in Navigation \ and to the making of

Experiments relating thereto.

49. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Ma-

jesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown

from the Estate of William Harry deceased, and his Sure-

ties.

50. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on

Licences, to be taken out by all Persons acting as Auc-

tioneers; and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands,

Houses, Goods, and other Things, sold by Auction;

and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other

instruments.

51. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of

one Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein men-

tioned.

52. An Act for better securing the Duties on Sope, and

the Duties on Rum of the Sugar Plantations put into

' Warehouses; and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties

the STATUTES.

on Rum shipped as Stores, to be consumed on Board

Merchant Ships on their Voyages, for a limited Time.

53. An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial

Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and

effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing

Houfts, and other nectssary Buildings and Tenements,

for the Use of their Benefices.

54. An Act for defraying the Expence of building a new

Gaol and Shire* hall for the County of Westmor eland.

55. An Act for the better regulating the Hat Manufactory.

56. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual the

several Laws now in being, for the more effectual pre-

venting of Frauds and Abuses by Persons employed in

the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen,

Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax,

Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and also for making

Provisions to prevent Frauds by Journeymen Dyers.

57. An Act for more effectually securing the Property of

Prints to Inventors and Engravers, by enabling them to

sue for and recover Penalties in certain Cafes-

58. An Act for enlarging the public. Gaol of the County of

Warwick, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

59. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the twelfth Year of

the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, The

Master of the Rolls impowered to make Leases for Yearly in

order to new-build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls;

and for the better regulating the Method of granting

Leases of the said Rolls Estate for the future; and for

making Compensation to the Earl of Macclesfield, and

Sir Thomas Sewell, for their beneficial Rights and In-

terefts in certain Leases made of the Rolls Estate j and

for regulating the Method of making Leases of the said

Estate for the future.

60. An Act for inclosing and embellishing the middle Part

of Hoxton Square, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shore-

ditch, in the County of Middlrfexy and for extinguishing

all Right of Common in and upon the said Square.

61. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Colle-

giate Church of Saint Peter in Westminster, to open a

Street from the South End of Long-ditch to the North

End of Smith-street, and to widen Part of Tothilljlreet,

and of Long-ditch aforesaid; and to widen the Passage

between Orchard-Sheet, and the new-intended Street,

and also to widen Wood-street, and to make a more com-

modious Entranc^from th t Broad Sanctuary into Deans-

yard, within the City and Liberty of Westminster.

62. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small

Debts, within the several Parishes of Surfleet, Gcjbcrton,

Quadring, Donington, Bicker, Swinejhead, IVigtoft, Sut-

terton, Algarkirk, Fofdike, Kirton, Frampton, IVi her ton,

and Brothcrtoft, within the Hundred of Kirton, in the

Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

63. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the

fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for paving, repairing, lighting, and

watching, the Streets, and other public Pafjages and Places,

within that Part of the Parish fl/'Clerkenwell called Saint

James’s, and removing Objlrufiions and Annoyances therein ;

for widening the Passage from Clerkenwell-green to the

Parish Church, and for watching and lighting certain

Highways within the said Parish \ for repairing the High-

ways in the said Parish, and cleansing the said Part of

the said Parish; for widening the Passage from Clerken-

well-clefe to Rofoman s Street, apd from Rc[omen's Street

to Saint John Street j and lor building a Chapel in the

said Parish.

64. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Abbots, Kenfington, in

a 2 ^ the

