A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. C. 17, 18. 75

aggrieved shall and may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which {hall be held for the

County of Middlesex, within six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen;

and the Justices in their said General Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter

of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Costs, as to them in their Difcre-

tion {hall seem reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded, by

Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the

Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reafmnble

Charges of every such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and con- whofcD-trnm-

elusive to all Persons concerned, and {hall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any otlver Writ bc

or Pmcefs whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere. d

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That qll Actions, Writs, and Prosecutions, commenced against Liin’ration.of

any Person or Persons, for any Thing to be done under or in pursuance of this Act, {hall bc commenced A'1'*oa,

within six Calendar Months after the Fadf committed; and {hall he laid and tried in the County of Middle-

Jex, and not otherwise or elsewhere: And that such Persons, as shall be profecured for any Offence against

this Act, or under any Rule or Order to be made by virtue thereof, in Manner aforesaid, {hall not be

liable to Prosecution or Presentment for the fame Offence, under any other Act of Parliament, or in any

of the Courts of the Manor of Enfield, or elsewhere, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-

standing,

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall he sued or prosecuted for any General Tflue

Matter or Thing which he, she, or they shall do in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to m*y b<|

and for every Person so sued or prosecuted, to plead the General Issue, and to give the Matter in Evidence, to

without fp?cially pleading the same.

CXXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained {hall extend to, ^avi,n? ^ eh

or be in anywise prejudicial to the Rights given and granted by any Charter or Chirters, or any A<S or Acts River

of Parliament, to the Corporation called The Governor and Company of the New River brought from Chadwell company.

and Annuel I to London. '

CXXXII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to all General Saving

Bodies Politick and Corporate, and their Successors, and to the Lords of the several Manors of South Mimms, of Rlfchu*

IVilliots* and Monken Hadley, and to all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, their Heirs, Executors,

Administrators, and Assigns, all such Estate, Right, Title, Seigniory, Interest, Claim, and Demand

whatsoever, of, to, or within the said Chafe, and of, to, or within the said open commonable Ground in

the said Manor of South Mimms, which are not by this Act extingtiiffied, vacated, destroyed, discharged,.

annihilated, taken away, lessened, diminished, varied, changed, or altered, as they, every, or any of

them, now have or hath, or might or could have had and enjoyed therein, in case this Act had not been

made.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act {hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a PubIic A<a*

Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Terfons

whomsoevtr, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XVIIL

An Act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, to pur-

chafe the present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the River Thames Weft-

ward of London-bridge* within the Liberties of the City of London, and for laying a small

Toll in lieu thereof, for the Purpose of more effectually completing the said Navigation ;

and for other Purposes.

4 II /HEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Pr^mbir.

VV Majesty, intituled, An Act more eff'eftually to improve and complete the Navigation of the River A& *4 Geo#

4 Thames, IVejlward cf London-bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London, and to prevent any Vejj'el 11,1 TeCltc,i*

4 or Barge from being moored in Taplow-mill Stream, in the County of Bucks; the Mayor, Aldermen, and

4 Commons, of the City of London* in Common Council assembled, were and are authorised and impnw-

4 ered to improve and complete the Navigation of the said River, between the City of London and the City

4 Stone above Staines bridge, in the County of Middlesex: And whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Com-

mons, of the City of London, have proceeded to carry the said Act into Execution, and several necdlary

and expensive Works have been performed within their Jurisdiction, between the City of London and the

4 City Stone above Staines-bridge, whereby the Navigation hath been greatly improved, the Passage for

4 Boats and Barges rendered more expeditious, and the Expences of navigating considerably reduced: And

4 whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, have already applied near tea

4 thousand Pounds in this Service, out of their own Eftares, but find that, notwithstanding so large a Sum

4 has been expended by them, other Works, very necessary for completing the Improvement of the said

4 Navigation, still remain to be done, the probable Expence of which will, as the Mayor, Aldermen, and

4 Commons, of the City of London, have been informed, amount to the additional Sum of near eight thou-

4 land Pounds, over and above a considerable Expence that will annually be incurred in repairing and

4 Supporting the Works: And whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London,

4 are defiroUs of being enabled to purchase the several Tolls and Duties or other Sums of Money now col-

4 leded and taken for Barges and other Veflds navigating, and for Horses drawing such Barges and Vefllls,

4 within the Limits before-mentioned; and propose that the said Tolls and Duties, or other Sums of

4 Money so purchased by them, shall cease and be no longer paid; as they apprehend, from the Circum-

L z 4 stances

^ ^.

