502

Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1780.

C. 2—7.

"Preamble.

So much of my

Britishi A As of

Parliament at

prohibit or re-

strain the Ex-

portation of

Woollen Manu-

failures from

Ireland to Fo-

reign Parts, re-

pealed.

So much of 19

Geo. IT. Cap. 12.

as relates to the

Esportation of

Glass from Ire-

land, repealed.

Preamble.

*8 Geo. ITT.

Cap. 58, recited.

CAP. H.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service

of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty. 41.

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Qyder, and Perry*

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

CAP. IV.

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of fine

organxined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time. [Further continued till March 25,

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*

intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspetted of, the Crime

of High Treason, committed in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas%

or the Crime of Piracy, [Further continued till January 1, 1781 ]

CAP. VI.

An Act to repeal certain Acts made in Great Britain; which restrain the Trade and" Com-

merce of Ireland with Foreign Parts.

4 \\T H ER E A S, in order to promote and advance the Welfare and Prosperity of his Majest/s King-

* VV dom of Ireland, it is expedient that certain Acts of Parliament, formerly made in Great Britain,

4 which lay Restraints upon the Trade and Commerce of Ireland, respecting the Articles herein-after mcn-

tioned, should be repealed/ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it en-

acted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same*

That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of an Act of Parliament, made in the tenth and

eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation of

Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England into Foreign Parts; and for the Encouragement of the Woollen

Manufactures in the Kingdom of England ; and so much of any other Act or Acts of Parliament made in

Great Britain, which prohibit or in any Manner restrain the Exportation of Cloth, Serge, Bays, Kerfeys,

Says, Frizes, Druggets, Cloth-serges, Shalloons, or any other Drapery Stuffs or Woollen Manufactures

whatsoever, made up or mixed with Wool or Wool Flocks, from the Kingdom of Ireland into Foreign

Parts, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed and made void.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the pafltngof this

Act, so much of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George'the

Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Glass, and upon Spirituous

Liquors*, and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities, and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates

and Duties; and for obviating some Doubts about making out Orders at the Exchequer for the Monies advanced

rupon the Credit of the Salt Duties, granted and continued to his Majesty by an Act of the last Session of Parliament 5

as relates to the Exportation of Glass, Glass Bottles, or Glass of any Kind or Denomination whatsoevor*

from or out of the Kingdom of Ireland, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made void.

CAP. VII.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

* jelly, intituled, An All to explain and amend so much of an Att, made in the fourth ^ear of

the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Sugar

and Paneles from the Briiilh Colonies and Plantations in America into Great Britain.

4 XWHEREAS by an Act* made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

4 VV tituled, An Act to amend and explain so much of an Att, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his

4 present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine Conveyance ef Sugar and Paneles from the Britishi

4 Colonies and Plantations in America into Great Britain ; it was among other Things enacted. That- from

4 and after the firftDay of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, if any Sugar or raneles

4 shall be imported into Great Britain, from any British Colony or Plantation in America, without, or

4 which shall not be included in the Certificate required in and by the said Act of the fourth Year of the

4 Reign of his present Majesty, that then, and in either such Cafe, all such Sugar and Paneles shall be

4 deemed and taken to be foreign Sugar and Paneles, and shall be liable to the fame Duties, Restrictions,

4 Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Respects, as Sugar and Paneles of the Growth, Produce*

4 or Manufacture, of any French Colony or Plantation, would be respectively liable to by Law; any

♦ Thing in the said recited Act, or any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary in any wise notwith-

4 (landing: And whereas great Inconveniences have arisen, and may arise, from the taking away, by the

4 said

