A.D. 1779# Anno decimo nono Georgii Ilf.

C. 14—17

331

CAP. XIV.

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His 'Majesty’s Ships of

War, and on Board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

€ TT^OR the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on Board

4 Jp Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels ;* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, T hat, from and after the passing

of this Act’, until the Twenty-fifth Day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and no longer

(except in respect to such Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships or Vessels, which thall be on their

Voyage before the said 7'wenty-fifth Day of'Marchy one thousand seven hundred and eighty, who shall

be, and are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning Home navigated in the Manner as herein-

after is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any Merchant Ship, or other Trading Ship or Vessel, to

be navigated by Foreign Seamen or Mariners, not being Natives of Great Britain, or of any of the Co-

ionics or Plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty’s natural or naturalized Sut-rjefts, so as the Number;

of such Foreign Seamen or Mariners do not exceed Three-fourths of the Mariners at any one Time em-

ployed to navigate such Merchant Ship, or other Trading Ship or Vessel, and that One-fourth at Icaft of

the Mariners or Seamen so employed, be at all Times Natives, or his Majesty’s naturalized Subjects of

Great Britain (sudden Death, and Hazard and Casualties of War, and the Seas, saved and excepted),

one Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the

Secdnd (intituled, An At1 for the encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and Navigation), or any other S:a-

tute or Law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away or restrain the

Effect of any such Royal Proclamation, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, are impowered to make

by virtue of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An At1 for the

better Supply of Mariners and Seamen^ to serve in his Majesty s Ships of IFar, and on Board Merchant Ships and

ether Trading Ships and Privateers

CAP. XV.

An Act to continue an A&, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled.

An Af! for regulating Madhouses), for a further Time therein limited. [Further continued for Seven

Tears.]

CAP. XVI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarter*.

Preamble.

From t}ir pif-

fi g ( this Act

till jVJjrcl) 25,

1780, Mer-

c mat &*e.

may be navigated

by Three-

fourths Foreign

S:a:ncn.

This Act not to

rertrain any

Royal Piccia-

mation to be

made purfujnt

to an Act I

Geo. 11«

CAP. XVII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of

his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending, explaining, and

reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's

Ships, Vessels^ and Forces by Sea.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Preamble.,

George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into one A ft of Parlia- Act 12 Geo, IHi

4 menty the Laws relating to the Government of his Majestys Snips, VJJ'clsy and Forces by Sea; it is, among recited.

4 other Things, enacted, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of December y one thousand seven

hundred and forty-nine, no Member of any Court-martial, after the Trial is begun, shall goon Shore

4 till Sentence be given, but remain on Board the Ship in which the Court shall first assemble, except in

4 Cafe of Sickness, to be judged of by the Court, upon pain of being cashiered from his Majesty’s Ser-

4 vice; nor shall the Proceedings of the said Court be delayed by the Absence of any of its Members, pro-

4 vided a sufficient Number doth remain to compose the said Court, which shall, and is thereby required to

4 (it from Day to Day (Sunday always excepted) until the Sentence be given: And whereas it hath been

4 found by Experience, that the confining Members of Courts-martial to the Ship in which such Courts-

4 martial shall first assemble, until Sentence be given, hath been attended with great Inconveniencies and

4 Prejudice to the Healths of Officers summoned to attend as Members of Courts-martial; and it*is highly

4 necessary and expedient that such Inconveniencies should be prevented in futuremay it therefore pleaf$

your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons* in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much and such Part of the said recited Act as Part of the fare

directs that no Member of any Court-martial, after the Trial is begun, shall go on Shore till Sentence be Act rcp«aled*

given, but remain on Board the Ship in which the Court shall first assemble, except in Cafe of Sickness,

to be judged of by the Court, upon Pain of being caftiiered from his Majesty’s Service *, and that the Pro-

ceedings of the said Court shall not be delayed by the Absence of any of its Members, provided a sufficient

Number doth remain to compose the said Court, which is thereby required to fit from Day to Day (Sunday

always excepted) until the Sentence be given, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made void,

all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. Provided

