A.D. 1777. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 58, 59. 151

‘ arc herein-after mentioned and contained may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame. That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June* one thousand seven hundred and seventy- Af*er June 24,

seven, if any Engraver, Etcher, Printfeller, or other Person, shall, within the Time limited by the afore- r777*' f*nr

said Acts, or either of them, engrave, etch, or work, or cause or procure to be engraved, etched, or ‘"bin the Time

worked, in Mezzotinto or Chiaro Ofcuro, or otherwise, or in any other Manner copy in the Whole, or limited by the

in Part, by varying, adding to, or diminiftiing from, the main Design, or (hall-print, reprint, or import aforesaid Act«,

for Sale, or cause or procure to be printed, reprinted, or imported for Sale, or shall pubiifh, fell, or *n§r*« or etch,

otherwise dispose of, or cause or procure to be published, fold, or otherwise disposed of, any Copy or

Copies of any Historical Print or Prints, or any Print or Prints of any Portrait, Conversation, Landscape, consent oMhe

or Architecture, Map, Chart, or Plan, or any other Print of Prints whatsoever, which hath or have been, Proprietor, he

or shall be, engraved, etched, drawn, or designed, in any Part of Great Britain, without the express fc»n be liable t«

Consent of the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, first bad and obtained in Writing, signed by him, her, »"d

or them respectively, with his, her, or their own Hand or Hands, in the Presence of, and atteiled by, E>tub e Custl* ,

two or more credible Witnesses, then every such Proprietor or Proprietors shall and may, by and in a

special Action upon^he Cafe, to be brought against the Person or Persons so offending, recover such Da-

mages as a Jury on the Trial of such Action, or on the Execution of a Writ of Inquiry thereon, shall give

or assess, together with Double Costs of Suit.

CAP. LVIIL

An Act for enlarging the public Gaol of the County of Warwitk, and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

€C Preamble; reciting an Agreement between Arthur Gregory and Samuel Aylworth, Esquires, twoTuftices

44 for the County of JVarwick, and Hannah Battejfon, for the Purchase of a Tenement, tffc. The said

44 Tenement, Isfc. is veiled in the said Arthur Gregory and Samuel Aylworth, in Trust, for the Purpose of

44 enlarging the public Gaol, &c. Quarter Sessions may cause Part of the House of Correction to be Uki

44 into the public Gaol, &c. Such Part of the said Messuage, isle. as shall be laid to the Gaol or House

44 of Correction, shall be deemed Part of them respectively. A proper Place for dep uting the Rolls and

“ public Records of the County, to be provided. All Expences attending this Act to be paid out of the

5* public Stock of the County. Public Act.*

CAP. LIX.

An Act to repeal an A made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

intituled. The Master of the Rolls impowered to make Leases for Tears, in order to new-build

the old Houses belonging to the Rolls ; and for the better regulating the Method of granting

Leases of the said Rolls Estate for the future \ and for making Compensation to the Earl

of Macclesfield, and Sir Thomas Sewell, for their beneficial Rights and Interests in certain

Leases made of the Rolls Estate; and for regulating the Method of making Leases of

the said Estate for the future.

4 \\7 HEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles Preamble.

• W the Second, intituled, An Act impowering the Master of the Rolls, for the Time being, to make Art nCir.IL

• Leases for Years, in order to new-build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls 5 after thereby impowering the rcCAte4*

• Master of the Rolls for the Time being, and his Succell'ors Masters of the Rolls, to grant BuilJing-

4 Jeafes for one-and-forty Years, or for any lefTer Term, of the said Rolls Houses and Premises, or any

4 Part thereof (the Chapel of the Rolls, with a convenient Mansion-house, Court-yard, Garden, Stable,

4 Coach-house, and other Out-houses and Buildings, fit for the Uie and Habitation of the Master of the

4 Rolls, only excepted), it is provided, That the Master of the Rolls for the Time being, or any fuc-

4 ceeding Mailer of the Rolls, after the Premises should have been once letten according to the rower

4 given as aforesaid, should not make or grant any new or concurrent Leases until within (even Years of

4 the Expiration of the Lease then in being, nor for any lesser Rent than was reserved upon the former

4 Lease, nor for any longer Term than for the Term of twenty-one Years from the making such new

4 Lease : And whereas, since the new-building of the said Houses and Premises, under Leases granted by

4 the Masters of the Rolls for the Time being, by virtue of and under the Power given them by the said

4 A & for that Purpose, the said Houses and Premises (except the said Chapel of the Rolls, and other the

4 said excepted Premises) have, from Time to Time, been letten and demised by the Masters of the Rolls

4 for the Time being, by Leases by them respectively granted thereof for the Term of twenty-one Years,.

4 at and under larger yearly Rents than were reserved by the said former Leases; all which said yearly

4 Rents have been and are reserved and made payable to the Master of the Rolls granting such Leases, and

4 his Successors; and such yearly Rents have for many Years last pad amounted, and do now amount,

4 only to the yearly Sum of one hundred and thirty-five Pounds, but the improved Rents of the said Houses-

4 do now amount to the yearly Sum of one thousand nine hundred and seventy-seven Pounds; the bene-

4 ficial Right and Interest in and to which said improved Rents belong to the Master of the Rolls granting

4 such original Leases, his Executors, Administrators. and Afijgns, as his private Property, subject to,

4 and after a Deduction only of the said small yearly Rents: And whereas, by moans and in consequence

4 of the Exercise of such the Right of granting and renewing the Leases of the said Houses and Piemife*

4 at

