A.D. 1777. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III.

C. S3-

iJS

Purchifr- monfy

for such Land t®*

bf 1 a.lVd by Sale,

&c. of P-rt of

thr Glfbc or

Ty.hes.

Governor® of

Q^cen Anne‘«

B .Jiity im-

pow ered to 1c nd

certain Sum* to

pm r>oie u e

Exc ut on of

the Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, by Writing under their Hands; and every such Purchase-deed

shall be in the Form or to the Effefl contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and shall be registered

in such Manner, and in such.Office, as the other Deeds are hereby directed to be registered.

* XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when any such Land lying near to the Parsonage

House and Buildings, belonging to such Living or Benefice, or to be so purchased or exchanged as arore-

laid, shill be thought fit to be taken and used as a Convenience for the fame, the Purchase-money or

Equivalent for such Land shall be raised and had by Sale or Exchange of some Part of the Glebe or Tythes

of such Living or Benefice, which shall appear to the said Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, mo ft con-

venient for that Purpose ; and every such Sale or Exchange shall be by Deed, in the Form or to die Effect

contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and registered as herein-before directed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governors authorised or ap-

pointed td regulate and superintend the Bounty given by her late Majesty Queen Annefor the Augmen-

tation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, to advance and lend any Sum or Sums of Money, not ex-

ceeding the Sum of one hundred Pounds, in respefl of each Living or Benefice, out of the Money which

has arisen, or shall from Time to Time arise, from that Bounty, for promoting and assisting the several

Purposes of this Ac!, with respect to any such Livings or Benefices as shall not exceed the clear annual

improved Value of fifty Pounds 5 and such Mortgage and Security shall be made for the Repayment of the A^«

Principal Sums so to be advanced, as are herein-before mentioned, but no Interest shall be paid for the

fame; and in Cafes where the annual Value of such Living or Benefice shall exceed the Sum of fifty Pounds*

that it shall and may be lawful for the said Governors to advance and lend, for the Purposes of this Act,

any Sum not exceeding two Years Income of such Living or Benefice upon such Mortgage and Security

as aforesaid, and subject to the several Regulations of this Act, and to receive Interest for the fame, not

exceeding four Pounds for one hundred Pounds by the Year.

XilL And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any College or Hall, within the C©!lcm ?n O*-

TJniverfities of Oxford and Cambridge, or for any other Corporate Bodies poffciHd of the Patronage of oTher

Ecclesiastical Livings or Benefices, to advance and lend any Sum or Sums of Money, of which they have Cor^tcPoall

the Power of disposing, in order to aid and afiift the several Purposes of this Act, for the building, re- patrons of un-

building, repairing, or purchasing, of any Houses or Buildings for the Habitation and Convenience of tlw in s m»v Lnd

Clergy, upon Livings or Benefices under the Patronage of such College or Hall, upon the Mortgage and Sums

Security directed by-this Act for the Repayment of the Principal, without taking any interdt tur the

fame.

XIV. And be it further enaited. That whenever the Patron of any Living or Benefice, to which the

Provisions of this Act are proposed to be extended, shall happen to be a Minor, idiot, Lunatick, or Feme-

covert, it shall and may be lawful for the Guardian, Committee, or Husband of every such Patron, to

transait the several Matters aforesaid for such Patron, who shall be bound thereby, in such Manner as if Min,'r» tunic,

he or she had been of full Age, of found Mind, or Feme-sole, and had done such Ait, or given his or har &c*

Consent thereto.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enaited, That all Acts herein-before required to be done or corr- Writing? not

fented to by the Ordinary and Patron, shall be done by the Ordinary alone, when such Ordinary shall 1 dblc to Sump*

happen to be the Patron of the Living ; and that no Deed, Bond, Transfer, or other Writing, Instru-

: ment, or Proceeding, made, had, or d ne, under the Powers or Authority of this Act, shall be charged

or changeable with any Stamp-duty, or Fee of Office, except as herein mentioned any Law or Statute

to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in all Cafes where any#A£t is required Proviso, wheir

to be done by the Ordinary, in the Execution of any of the Purposes of this Act, ar.d fuc.h Ordinary shall for °rrin'rv

be a Body Corporate Aggregate, every such Act shall be done and signified under the Seal of such Body

Corporate. °rpcr* e* “c*

XVIf. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That where the Incumbent of any Chapelry or per- in couinCjfr®

petual Cure shall be nominated by the Reitor or Vicar of the Parish wherein the fame is situated, in every ,he of

such Cafe the Consent of such Reitor or Vicar, together with the Consent of the Patron of such Reitory, lht R.c^or» &c*

shall be rreccfLry in all such Matters wherein the Consent of the Patron is required by the former Provi- nCvUiJ,>*

lions of this Act.

XVIII. Provided likewise^ and be it further enaited, That whenever any Controversy or Dispute shall

arise, touching the Residence of the Incumbent, with respect to any of the Matters contained in this Act,

the fame shall be adjusted and determined by the Ordinary of the Diocese.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enaited. That it shall and may be lawful for the Patron, Ordi-

nary, and Incumbent, of any such Living or Benefice as aforesaid, or any two of them, of which the

‘Ordinary to be one, by Wiiting under their Hands, to make such Allowance to the Person or Perfo\s to

be nominated by them, for the Purpose of paying and applying the Money so to he raised as aforesaid, as

they shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds for every one hundred Pounds so to be laid out

and expended as aforesaid.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enaited, That rn all Cafes where the Patronage of, any Living or

Benefice herein-before described shall be in the Crown, and such Living or Benefice shall be above the

yearly Value of twenty Pounds in the King’s Books, the Consent of the Crown to the feve;Dl_Proceccf-

out Irncivft, to

aid th* ExeCu-

1 i- n of thu Act.

Who is to art

f< r any Patron

vh : flu!! br a

D Gut?*: touch—

in/t» <■ R'6

de ice to hr < e-

t ru.iwri jj the

On j;uj y.

Patron. A’r. to

mjkt Allow-

ance to r’erf n*

for a;plying *.ha~

Moo:y, &u

f> what Man-

ner v. < Co 1 ofc

of the Crown

fluli l»c x^rje

kn wn, in

Cafes *h re A.®

Patter^'* fl)«: o.

fce m :ue Cio <va«.

mgs hereby authoris'd respeiling fu h Living or Benefice, shall be signified by the Lord High Treafii

or First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury for the Time being ; but if such Living or Berndice fl:al! n<

exceed the Value of twenty Pounds in the King’s Books, such Consent shall be signified by the Lord H:g

Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal for the Time being; or if such Living

Benefice shall be within the Patronage of the Crown in Right of the Dtrchy of Lanrrfcr, then such Con-

sent shall be signified by the Chancellor of the Duchy for the Time being, by Writing under their rc-

ipedive

^.oogie

