a*

wherein. no “E-

letW^ iad Ke*

turn is rriide to

the Cleric.

How Comixnf-

iionerp /ball be

lyroaioae^ to, at*

tend.

A third Part of

the Com mi f-

sioners ro attend

the Court four

Calendar

Months in Ro*

Ution.

On their Failure

of Attendance,

the Cleric may

adjourn the

Court*

Protifo.

Commissionerr,

See. not to att

where inttrefted.

CaiHng Vote.

Creditors under

40 s. may apply

to the Cleric of

the Court

C* 15. Anno decinio ftptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1777.

Persons redding and- inhabiting within their said Parishes or the Lordship or Liberty aforesaid respectively,

equal to one-third Part of the whole Number of Commissioners, by this Act appointed for each such Pariftij

or the said Lordship or Liberty, or do net or shall not, within fix Days next after such Election, deliver,

or transmit a true and fair Lift of the Names of such Persons as dull be so elected, in Writing under their

Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of three of them at least, to the said Clerk or his Deputy

for the 'Lime being ; then, and in such Cafe, so many of the said Commissioners as shall assemble, fit and

hold the Lid Court at Halifax aforesaid, on the fuft Monday in the Month of func, in any Year, next

after such Failure or Neglect shall be made as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall then and there.

ek£t, nominate, appoint and assign a Number of the moil substantial and discreet Persons refining and;

inhabiting within any such Parish, or Lordship or Liberty, for which no such Election of Commissioners,

was made, or Lift: thereof delivered or transmitted to the said Clerk or his Deputy, as herein-before di-.

redled and appointed ; which Persons so to be elected or nominated at Halifax aforesaid, on the first Mon-

day in June, in any Year, shall be added to and put or placed last upon the Lift of Commissioners for each

such Parish or the Lordship or Liberty wherein they most commonly and usually reside and dwell; and

the third Part of the Number of Persons (landing first or foremost upon the Lift of Commissioners for each

such Parish or Lordship or Liberty, shall be struck off or out of such Lift respectively: And the said Per-

fons so to be elected and nominated as aforesaid, are hereby authorised, impowered, and required to act a&

Commissioners (being duly qualified as herein-after mentioned) for the Purposes of putting this Act in,

Execution, in the Room, Place, and Stead of the third Part of the Number of Persons (landing first and

foremost on the Lift of Commissioners for each such Parish and the Lordship or Liberty aforesaid, and to.

be struck off or out of each such Lift as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted. That, for the more orderly and effectual Proceeding in the said Court*

and that no undue Preference or Delay may be made or given in summoning the said Commissioners to

attend the Business of the said Court, the said Clerk or his Deputy for the Time being is horeby authorised*

impowered, and required, from Time to Time, within seven Days next after such several Lifts shall be

delivered or transmitted to him as aforesaid, to summon or cause to be summoned the said Commissioners to

attend the Business of the said Court, in such Rotation as is herein-after mentioned ; (to wit) the thirteen^

Persons fiift named or standing foremost on the Lift of Commissioners for the said Parish of Halifaxy the

ten Persons first named or standing foremost on such Lift for the said Parish of Bradford, the seven Persons

first named or standing foremost*on such Lift for the said Parish of Kighley% the three Persons first named or.

Handing foremost on such Lift for the said Parish of Binglcy, the four Persons first named or (landing fore-

most on such Lift for the said Parish of Guifeley, the three Persons first named or standing foremost on such

Lift for the said Parish of Calverley% the four Persons first named or standing foremost on such Lift for the

said Parish of Batley, the seven Persons first named or standing foremost on such Lift for the said Parish of

BirftaU the three Persons first named or standing foremost on such Lift for the said Parish of Mlrfield, the

Person first named or standing foremost on such Lift for the said Parish of Hartijheadcum Clifton, the three

Persons first named or standing foremost on such Lift for the said Parish of Almondbury, the five Persons first

named or standing foremost on such Lift for the said Parish of Kirkhcaton, the fix Persons first named or

standing foremost on such Lift for the said Parish of KirJfburton, the eight Persons first named or standing

foremost on such Lift for the said Parish of Huddersfieldy and the Person first named or standing foremost on

such Lift for the said Lordship or Liberty of Tong, making in all seventy-nine Persons (being one-third Part

of the whole Number of Commissioners appointed by this Act), to attend the said Court, and serve as

Commissioners for four Calendar Months then next ensuing; and so in like Manner the like respective

Number of Persons shall, as they next stand in Older in each such Lift, be summoned to attend the said

Court, and serve as Commissioners for the four Calendar Months then next ensuing; and so again to be

summoned from Time to Time to attend and serve at the said Court as Commissioners for four Calendar

Months in the like Rotation : And in case the said Commissioners, or three of them at least, shall neglect

or refuse to assemble on any of the Days by this Act appointed for holding the said Court, then and in,

such Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court or his Deputy for the Time

being, to adjourn the said Court to the next General Court-day to be held in Rotation as aforesaid, or to

such other Day before the said General Court-day, as the Clerk or his Deputy shall think proper.

IV. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend to exclude or t?ebar any of the Persons who

are or shall be chosen Commissioners as aforesaid (although they be not in Rotation) from fitting and giving

Judgement in the said Court so often as they shall think fit.

V. Provided also, That no Commissioner shall fit and give Judgement in any Cause whatsoe.ver (whether

in Rotation or not) wherein he is a Party, or any ways interested; but, after being heard in the Cause,

fhgll withdraw till the fame is finally determined ; nor shall any Clerk, or other Officer of the said Court

for the Time being, exercise his said Office in the said Court, or any Thing relating thereto, in any Cause

wherein he is a Party, or any ways interested ; but the said Commissioners then assembled at such Court

shall and may appoint another Person to execute the Office of such Clerk or other Officer respectively, in

all Things relating to such Cause ; and if the Commissioners assembled shall happen to be equally divided

upon any Question that may come before them, the Commissioner present, who stands first in the Lift of

Commissioners to be put up in the Court-house or Place where they shall meet, shall have thecafling Vote*

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, from and after the passing of this Act,

to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who now hath or have, or hereafter shall have*

any Debt or Debts, not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, owing unto him, her, or them, in his*

her, or their own Right, or as Executor, Administrator, Guardian, or Trustee, by or from any Person or

Persons whomsoever, redding, inhabiting, or keeping any Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or seeking a Liveli-

hood, or trading or dealing, within the said Parishes, or Lordship or Liherty, or any of them respectively,

to apply to the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being* or his Deputy ; who shall cause such Debtor

or

