A.D. iy8o. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. C. 46. 569

might be imported only from such Ports or Phres in the Streigkts or Levant Seas as are within the Do-

minions of the Grand Seignior, and which, by the Authority of this Act, are permitted to be unported in

Manner aforesaid, until the Person importing or enreiing the fatr.e shall produce to the Collector or

other proper Olftcer of his Majesty’s Culloms, at the Port of Importation, a Certificate, under the Hand

of the Collector of the Duties for the said Turkey Company, certifying such Person is free of the fa id

Company, and that he has paid the Duties imposed on such Goods by the fa id Company, and has con-

formed in all Respects to the Rules and Regulations of the said Company relative thereto.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Au hority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of

January, one thousand fevtn hund;ed and eighty, any Goods or Commodities whir l) have been hereto-

fore utuolly imported from any Port or Place in Europe, within the Streights of Givi altar, except f.ch

Goods or Commodifies as might heretofore be imported only from such Ports cr Places as are within the

Dominions of the Grand Seignior, shall and may, during the Continuance of this Add, be imported and

brought, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, into Great Brita n or Ireland from any Port or Place wlut-

soever, in any Ship or Veil'd built in or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, navigated according to

Law, or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State rn Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs

or Successors, navigated wMi foreign Mariners; upon Payment of the fame Duties, if imported into

Great Britain, as the like Goods would be fubjrci and )i :bkr to if imported directly from the Place of their

Growth, Production, or AH nu fa choc, ex*.epi Drugs, which, if imported by any Person 01 Persons not

free of the 'Turkey Company, H all be liable to the like Duties as they would have been liable to, if not

imported directly from the Place of their Growth and Production, if this Add had not been made; and if

any such Goods shall be impoited in any foreign-built Ship or Veil'd, then and in such Cafe the Goods so

imp >rted shall be subject to the Aliens Duties, if such Goods would have been subjedd and liable thereto

by Law it .this Act had not been nude; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts, to

porter /Trail pro-

tU.ce a C?rtiticjfe

of his being free

ofihe Turkey

Company, &c.

After Jan. I,

1780, Goodi

u:ually imported

from tlw Medi-

terranean may

b: imported in

Hri’iHi Shi} s, or

Ships Uebpg;ng

to any StJ'e in

Amity with his

M jjeity.

What Duties

shall be paul lor

such Goods.

the contrary notwiihfLncing.

IV. Prov d d n:venht Ids, rnd it h hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and AllCottonand

upon all Cotton and Cotton Wool, which shall be imported into this Kingdom in pursuance of this Act, c*ll°dn

in -any foreign Ship or Vessel, or which hath been so imported since the fir(t Dav of January, one thousand ^1780/in ro-#

(even hundred and eighty, and is now remaining in any Wart-house in this Kingdom under the King’s reign voids, to

Locks, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his AKjesty, his Heirs and Successors, a pay a Duty of

Duty of one Penny Farthing for every Pound Weight of such Cotton or Cotton Wool* which shall be *d- Per

paid down in ready Money, without any Difccunt or Deduction whatsoever; and (lull be also subject and alsothead-

and liable to an additional, Impost or Duty of five Pounds per Centum, in the same Manner as the addi- d.uonal Duty of

tior.al Duty of five Pounds pev-Contuni is granted to his Majesty by an Act made in the last Session of Par- 5 per Cent,

li ament, intituled, Jin All for granting to his AlajeJly additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties agreeable to

under the Management of the r effective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain. 25»

V. And it is hereby further enabled by me Authority aforesaid, That no Part of the said Duties herein- e ‘°n’

before granted shall be repaid or draw’ll back upon the Re-exportation of the Hid Cotton or Cotton Wool ; No

and the said Duties shall be raised, levied, colicdled, recovered, and pod, in such Manner and Form, and

by such Ways and Means, and under the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Duty of Cuiloms, com- pemtionof Con

monly called The Old Sulfidy* is raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, and is subjedd or ton or Cotton

liable to by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force (except v.’here any Alteration is made by this Wool.

.Add), as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several CLufes, Powers, and Pro-

visions in such Afls had been repeated and enacted in the Body of this present Add ; and the said Duties Duties to be paii

herein-before granted shall from Tune to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, into 'h* Elche“

distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenue, and shall be so kept apart in the said quer* &c*

Receipt of Exchequer as a Fund (or me Encouragement of the Growth of Cotton in his Majesty’s Lee- *jow to be ap-

ward Klines, and for encouraging the Importation, thereof into Great Britain^ in such Way and Manner p

as Parliament shall hereafter direct. *

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Add shall continue and re- Continuance of

main in lull Force until the first Day of June> one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, this a it.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to allow the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, from Great

Britain, to certain Towns, Ports or Places, in North America, which are or may be under

the Protection of his Mcyefty’s Arms*, and from such Towns, Ports cr Places, to Great

Britain, and other Parts or his Majesty’s Dominions.

€ \%7 HERE AS by an Add of Parliament, made in the sixteen'.h Year of the Reign of his present preamtl?.

€ \V Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit all Tiade and Inter aurfe with the Colonies of New IHmp- 16 Geo. III.

* shire, Mdi. chuleA hay, Rh off; Bland, Connecticut, New York, New Jcrfcy, Pemylvania, the Three . c p. 5, reuted*

* Looter Cor nil es on Dc aware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina. South Carolina, and'Georgia, during

4 tie Continuance cj the present KtheUion within the said Colonies reffectively ; for repealing an Act made in ihe

* few tec nth 2 car of the Rugn of Ids present Majesty, 44 to di/continue the landing and dJf larging, lading or

*' flipping of Goods, I'/arcs, and IUtnhandijey at the Town and 'Within the ITarb^ur of bull in, in the Pro-

14 vmce of MdHch'jfet’s ILy / aid ajo Two Arts, made ni the laji Srfr.n of PaiUament^ f r refraining the

4 Trade and Commerce of the Colonies tu the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons^

4 appointed and author fed by his AEjcjly to grant Pardons, to ifjue Proclamations, in tie Cafes and for th• Pur-

4 pops therein mentioned, it was, among other Things, declared and enacted, That all Manner of Tra.!e

4 and

