A.D. 1777.' Anno decimo septimo Georgii III.

C. 15.

taking, or Promise to pny, within six Years before the taking out of the Summons for the fame, although

the fame shall not amount to forty Shillings; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwith-

llanding.

XXITl. And be it further enacted, That no Attorney at Law or Solicitor, being served with the Pro-

cess of the faiJ Court of Requests, or appearing in the said Court, shall be allowed to plead or maintain any

Privilege against the Process, Authority, Jurisdiction, or Judgement thereof; nor shall any such Attorney

or Solicitor as aforesaid be admitted to appear in the said Court of Requests as Attorney or Advocate on

Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or be admitted to speak in any Cause or Matter before the said Court,

in which such Attorney or Solicitor is not himself a Party or Witness, under the Penalty of five Pounds,

to be recovered and applied as above-mentioned with respect to Clerks and other Officers of the said Court

in case of taking greater Fees than they are intitled unto by virtue of this Act, as aforesaid; nor shall any

futh Attorney or Solicitor act as Commissioner, or enjoy any Place of Profit or Trull in the said Court of

Requests, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.^

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any. Person inhabiting or redding within the aforesaid

Parishes, or Lordship or Liberty, or any or either of them, who shall be duly served with a Subpoena or.

Summons, to be issued by the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being (and which he is hereby impow-

ered and authoriftd to issue and make out}, to appear in the said Court of Requests, at a Time and Place in

such Subpoena or Summons mentioned, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, Cre-

ditor or Dcbior, shall neglect or refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons; and Oath being

made by the Party at whose Instance the Subpoena or Summons issued, that the Party subpoenaed or fqm-

moned was a material Witness in the Cause; and doe Proof being made of the Service of such Subpoena or

Summons, and no Cause of Absence being shewn to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present at the

Court at which such Person shall be by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear, it shall be lawful

for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in such Court, to impose a Fine not

exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to 4be levied, if not immediately paid on Demand,

by Distrcfs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the

said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender, the

Charges of such Distress and Sale being thereout first deducted; which Fine when paid or levied, shall be

paid over to the Party or Parties at whose Instance or on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued;

and in case no Goods or Chattels of such Offender or Offenders; sufficient to answer such Fine and such

Distress and Sale, can be found, then the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall commit

such Offender or Offenders to the Prison belonging to the ftfd Court, forany Space of Time not exceeding

twenty Days, unless such Fines, together with the Costs and Charges attending such Commitment, shall

be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXV* And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any

Person or Persons, for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or

Suit shall be brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not

aftcrwaids; and shall be laid in the said County of York> and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defend-,

ants in such Action or Suit shall and may pleaa the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Mat-

ter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become non-

fuired, or discontinue such Action or Suit, or if upon Verdict or Demurrer Judgement shall be given

against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and

have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cafe by Law.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not extend

to take away or annul any of the Rights, Privileges, Franchises, Liberties, Powers, or Jurisdictions of the

said Courts Baron of the Honour of PontefraSl, Manor of Wakefield, and Manor of BingUy, respectively,

or of any other Court Baron whatsoever, but that the fame shall be, remain, and continue in a9 full and

am ple Po wer, Jurisdiction, and Authority, for Recovery of any Debt or Damages under forty Shillings, as

if tb*s Ad had never been made. " v

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be

lawful to and for the several Courts Baron of the said Honour of Pontefract, Manor of Wakefield, and

Manor of Bi>gley% within their Jurisdictions respectively, and the Steward and Deputy Stewards thereof,

to proceed anu hold flea not only in any Plaint, Suitor Action, for any Debt or Damages not exceeding

forty Shillings, but also in any Plaint, Suit or Action, for any Debt or Damages not exceeding the Sum

of five Pounds, which hath accrued, or shall hereafter arise or accrue, within the Jurisdiction of their said

Courts respectively, and to proceed to Judgement, Trial, Verdict, final Judgement and Execution, in

every such Plaint, ouit or Action, in the fame or the like Manner as they have heretofore done in any

Plaint, Suitor Action, for any Debtor Damages not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, with full Power

of awarding Costs to either Party, and proceeding for the Recovery thereof, as well as for the said Da-

mage*, and of exercising all such other Liberties and Privileges whatsoever as they have heretofore done in

any Plaint, Suit or Action, for Debt or Damages, in the said Courts respectively, notwithstanding any

Thing herein contained to the contrary.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Defendant or Defendants in any Summons, or Pre-

cept in Nature thereof, issued from either or any of the said Courts Baron, or by the Steward or Deputy

£teward thereof respectively. shall not (having been served therewith as herein-after mentioned) appear

at the Return thereof, or within one Hour after calling or opening the Court held next after issuing fich

Summons or Precept, then and in such Cafe it shall be lawful for the Plaintiff or Plaintiff* therein (Proof

being made, on Oath, in open Court, that such Summons or Precept hath been duly executed, by Deli-

very of a Copy thereof to the Defendant or Defendants, or leaving the fame at his, hvr, or their Dwel-

ling-house 01 Houses, five Days at the lead before the Return thereof) to enter a Common Appearance

Gi for

4 j

No Attorney to

be employed, or

enjoy any Pci-

vilege.

or aft as Com-

missioner. Sec,

Penalty on not

obeying Sub-

peena s

ms* be levied

by Distiefk#

Limitation of

Actions,

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Refcrvation of

the Rights of

the Courts

Baron.

Clause for e*

tending the

Jurifniftion of

the Courts

Baron.

How Plaintiff t#

proceed, when

Defeodjnt does

n^t appear.

