w

il;

■"& i

i‘. if

O'.'1. r

G r.

" :

'2 f!;

- ~i‘ :

'* '*

■ lv:_.+

I-. j

Itii. »*.:

,; :’.v.

n

rr-,.r:

Arp-X-

r.ra^'

trib:

:'d. -

H..V

iw

A.D. 1779.' Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

C. 74.

491

Storekeeper; who shall give Receipts to the Task-master for the fame, and shall from Time to Time, with

the Privity and Approbation of the Governor, sell and dispose thereof, and pay the Money arising from

such Sales to the Governor, who shall be accountable for the fame to the Committee, in Manner herein-

afrcrmemioned; and the said Governor and Storekeeper shall keep separate Accounts of the Materials so

wrought, manufadhired, fold, and disposed of, and the several Sums of Money for which the fame shall

be so fold, and when fold, and to whom, in Books to be provided for those Purposes.

XXII. And be it further enacted. That the said several Books so to be kept by the said Governor and

Storekeeper, and the several Entries therein, shall be examined by the said Committee, and shall be by

them compared with the several Receipts and other Vouchers, and shall be verified by such Governor and

Storekeeper, upon Oath, if required, before such Committee, and shall, if approved of by such Com-

mittee, be allowed, and signed by any two of them; and if such Committee shall disapprove of any Articles

in such Accounts, they shall disallow the fame.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Committee shall susped any fraudulent or improper

Charges in any of such Accounts of the said Governor or Storekeeper, or any Omission thereout, they may

examine upon Oath the said Governor, Storekeeper, or any of the Officers or Servants belonging to such

House, or any of the Persons employed about the fame, or any Persons of whom any Necessaries, Stock,

Materials, or other Things, have been purchased for the Use of such House, or any Persons to whom any

Stock or Materials, wrought or manufactured therein, have been fold, or any of the Offenders confined in

such Penitentiary House, or any other Persons, touching any of the Articles contained in such Accounts,

or any Omission thereout; and in case there shall appear in any such Accounts any false Entry, knowingly

or wilfully made, or any fraudulent Omission thereout, or any other Fraud whatsoever, or any Collusion

between any Officer or Officers, or Servants, belonging to such House, or between any such Officer or

Officers, Servant or Servants, and any other Person or persons, then, besides the private Satisfaction in

Damages which the Parties or Party injured may be intitled to recover by Lawj the said Committee may

dismiss any such Officer or Officers, who shall to them appear to have been guilty of any such false Entry,

Omission, Fraud, or Collusion, and appoint another, or others, in his, her, or their Stead ; and if the

said Committee {hall fee fit, they shall cause an Indictment or IndiClments to be preferred against the Of-

ficer or Officers, Servant or Servants, so offending, at the next Quarter or other General Session of the

Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, Liberty, Division, City, Corporation, or Place, wherein

such Penitentiary House {hall he situated, or for any other adjoining County; and in case such Person or

Persons so indiCted {hall be found guilty of such Offence or Offences, he, (he, or they shall be punished by

Fine and Imprisonment, or either of them, at the Discretion of the Court.

XXIV. And be it further enacted. That when the Penitentiary Houses herein-before directed to be built,

shall be fitted and completed for the Reception of Offenders, and proper Officers shall be appointed for

the Care and Management thereof, the said Committee shall certify, under their Hands and Seals, to the

Justices of the Court of King's Bench, that such Houses are so fitted and completed, and that such Officers

have been appointed; and after the making of such Certificate where any Person shall, at any Session of

Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, to be holden for the County of the City of London, or the County

of Middlesex, or during the Assizes for any other County within that Part of Great Britain called England,

or at any Great Session to be holden for the County Palatine of Chester, or within the Principality of

Wales, be lawfully convicted of Grand or Petty Larceny, or any other Crime for which be or (he shall be

liable by Law, either under this Statute or any other Statute now in Force, or hereafter to be made, to be

transported to any Parts beyond the Seas, it shall be lawful for the Court before which any such Person

shall be so convicded, or any Court held for the same Place with like Authority, if such Court shall think

fit, in the Place of such Punishment by Transportation, to order and adjudge that such Person shall be

punished, by being imprisoned and kept to hard Labour, in one of such Penitentiary Houses, for any

Terra not exceeding two Years, in case of Petty Larceny; and for any Term, if such Offender be a Male,

not less than one Year, or if such Offender be a Female, not less than six Months, nor exceeding, in either

Cafe, five Years, if he or {he is liable by Law, on account of any other Crime, to be transported for

(even Years; and for any Term not less thin two Years, nor exceeding seven Years, in case any such Of-

fender is liable by Law to be transported for fourteen Years.

XXV. Provided always, That during the Continuance of this A&, not more than two Offenders shall

be sent to such Penitentiary Houses, from all the Great Sessions to be holden within any one of the four

Circuits of Chester or H ales, either in Spring or Summer ; nor shall more than four Offenders be sent from

any one Session of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, to be holden for the City of London, nor

more than nine Offenders from any one Session of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, to be holden

for the County of Middlesex; and that not more Offenders than,is herein after specified shall be sent from

all the Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, to be holden within each of the several Spring

Circuits, and not more than the like Number from all the said Sessions within each of the Summer Circuits

of England;- that is to say, from all the said Sessions within each of the two Annual Northern Circuits,

eight; within each of the two Annual Midland Circuits, ten; within each of the two Annual Norfolk

Circuits, ten; within each of the two Annual Oxford Circuits, twelve; and within each of the two An-

nual Western Circuits, twelve ; and within each of the two Annual Home Circuits, sixteen Offenders.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in the mean Time, and until such Certificate

shall be made as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Court in which any such Offenders as aforesaid shall

be convicted, or any other Court held for the same Place, and with like Authority, to order and adjudge

such Offenders, not exceeding the Numbers herein-befoie respectively limited, to be imprisoned and kept

to hard Labour, for the several Terms aforesaid, in the respective Houses of Correction, or other proper

Places, within each respective County; which Houses of Correction, or other proper Places, shall, during

such Time, be deemed and esteemed to be Penitentiary Houses to all Intents and Purposes, within the

Meaning

The Books to be

kept by the Go-

vernor and Store-

keeper shall be

examined by the

Committee;

who, on Sufpr-

cion of any frau*

dulent Charges,

Sic. may exa-

mine upon Oath*

any Persons con-

cerning the Tamer

If any Fraud cr

Coll-ifion shall

appear, the Com-'

mittee may dif*

mifi the Offend-

er.

and may prefera»

Indiflment a-

gainst him at tht

mxt Quarter

Sessions.

Committee to-

certify to the

Court of King*1

Bench when the-

Penitentiary

Houses are (ittedT

for Reception of

Offenders ;

after which, a

limited Number

cf Persons con-

victed, at any

Session of Oyer

and Terminer,

Ac, in England

or Wales, of any*

Crime punishabbr

by Transport-

ation, may be

sent to and con-

fined in such

Houses.

The respeflive'

Terms of Con-

fioement.

Limitation of the*

Number of Of-

fenders to be sent

from each of the

Welch Circuits,

and from each of

the Engli/h Gr-

cuitsrcfpedHvc-

Until Certificate

shall be made U

aforesaid, the

Court in which

furh Otferiders

shall be convict-

eJ, may order

the Number

above specified to

hard Labour 14

