The TITLES of

4> An Act for dividing, inclosing, assigning, and allot-

ting, the Open and Common Field, and Commonable

Land, lying within the Liberties, Territories, and Pre-

cinSs, of Ludg&rjhally in the County of Buckingham.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields

and Stinted Pastures, within the Towrfship of Bugthorpey

in the County of York\ and for exempting the Lands,

Tenements, and Frontfleads, within the Parish of Bug--

thorpe, from the Payment of Tythes, and other Eccleh-^

aflical Dues; and for other Purposes therein contained*

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing Fremington Edge and

Fremington Moory and certain Waste Grounds in the

Township of Fremington, in the ParHh of Grinton, in

the North Riding of the County of York.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing Pasture and

Jy[garth Moor or Common% in the 1 ownship and Parish

of dyfgartb) in the North Riding of the County of

York.

47. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Potter Harris

Esquire, with Elizabeth Martha CIncheley Plowden% his

now Wife 5 and to enable him to marry again3 and for

othpr Purposes therein mentioned.

48. An Act to enable Jervoise Clarke Esquire, and the

Heirs Male of his Body* to rake and use the Surname

and Arms of Jervoifey pursuant to the Will of Thomas

Jervoise Esquire, deceased.

49. An Act to enable the Archbishop of ‘Canterbury and

Daniel Ponton Esquire, to g;ant Building Leases, pur-

suant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose.

50. An Act for vesting in the Right Honourable Robert

Spencer, commonly called Lord Robert Spencer, and the

moll Noble George Duke of Marlborough, one of the

Knights Companions of the moll Noble Order of the

Garter, and the Heirs and Assigns of the said Duke of

Marlborough% the settled Estates of the said Lord Robert

Spencer, situate in the County of Lincoln.

51. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Ellate of Sit

Thomas Broughton Baronet, situate in the County of Staf-

ford \ and purchasing other Estates, situate rn the County >(

of Chfieri to be settled to the same Uses; and for eXtin-}

guishing the said Sir Thomas Broughton's Power of mak-

ing Leases for Lives, as to Part of his settled Ellate in

the County of CheJ1er% and making such Recompence to

him for the fame as therein is mentioned.

.52. An Act to enable John Barnewall Curfon Esquire, to

settle a Jointure upon any Woman or Women he may

hereafter marry.

53. An Act to enable Thomas Asjhcton Smith Esquire, and

William Henry Aijheton Smith his Brother, to grant build-

ing, improving, and other Leases of the Estates devised

by the Will of William Smith Esquire, deceased.

54. An Act for veiling the undivided Moiety of the Reve-

rend Henry Osman Clerk, and Mary his Wife, of and in

certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of King's

Langley, in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be

fold; and for applying Part of the Money arising by such

Sale in Discharge of an Incumbrance upon the said Moi-

ety; and for laying out the Residue thereof in the Pur-

chafe of entire Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, to

be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

$5. An Act for establishing and confirming Exchanges of

divers Mtfluages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-

ments, situate. Handing, lying, and being, within the

Hamlet of Wighthilly in the rarish of Tackley, in the

County of Oxford, pursuant to Articles of Agreement

betw een the Piefident and Scholars of Corpus ChriJJi Col-

lege* in the Univeifiry of Oxford, and Simon Wisdome

Esquire; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

56. An Act to enable the Piefident and Scholars of the

College of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the University of

the STATUTES.

Oxford, to grant Building Leases of certain Ground,

Messuages, Houses, and Buildings, in the Parish of Saint

Jahtiy Southwark, in the County of Surrey,

.57. An Act to enable the Feoftees and Trustees of an

Ellate in the County of Middlesex, given by Lawrence

Sheriffy for the founding and maintaining a School and

Almshouses at Rugby9 in the County of Warwick, to fell

Part of the said Ellate, or to grant Leases thereof, or of

any Part thereof; and to effeSuate the other Purposes

therein mentioned.

$8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Grounds within the Manor of Bolton, in the

County of Cumberland.

$9. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons

and Wastes, within the Manor of Egremont, in fbe

County of Cumberland.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Waste Gr unds, within the Townships, Villages, or

Hamlets, of Carleton Brifco, and IVrcajy within the Ma-

nor or Lord lb ip of Botcbardgate, otherwise Prior Lord-

Jhiby in the Parishes of Saint Cuthbert Carlijliy and Saint

Mary Car life, in the County of Cumberland.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste

Grounds, in NaJJington, YarweUy Apctkorpe, and Wood-

nowtony within the Prebend or Peculiar of NaJJington*

in the County of Northampton.

бa. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open and Common Fields, Heaths, Half Year Lands,

and other Commonable Meadows, Pastures, and Grounds#

within the Parish of Little Crejfmghamy in the County of

Norfolk. - '

6;. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or

‘Wafte Lands, within the Manor of Whittingtony in the

County of Salop.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the fe-

veral Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying

within the Manor and Parish of Farlamy in the County

of Cumberland*

63. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the fe-

veral Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying

within the Manor and Parish of Bramptony in the Coun-

ty of Cumberland

бб. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, certain

Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township of

Tibjhelfy in the County of Derby.

67. An Act for dividing and inc losing the Open and Com*

mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Pa-

rish of Weston under Wethelejy in the County of Warwick.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com*

mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Pa*

rish of Condicotey in the County of Gloucester.

69. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish or Wre*

ningham, tn the County of Norfolk.

70. An Act for dividing, alotting, and inclosing, the Old

Whole Year Inclosures, Common Fields, Commons,

and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Carlton Rode9 in

the County of Norfolk.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain TraSs of

Waste Grounds, Moors, or Commons, wirhin the Ma-

nor and Barony of Pru^hoey and ParMh of Ovingbamy in

the County of Northumberland.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and

Commonable Places of and within the Parish of Weford9

in the County of Northampton.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Common-

able Lands within the Manor and Parish of Stanton Saint

Johny in the County of Oxford.

74. Aa

6

