A. D. 1779.

Anno decimo nemo Georgii III.

C. 20*

539

cteding Year or Years, in this Order 5 videlicet, After Deduction of the Expence of Management, and 6f

the Sum to be applied for raising the Capital as aforesaid, the Sums due to Annuitants (who have remained

unmarried) unpaid in the preceding Year, shall be paid and made good in the first Place, and then their

Annuities of the current Year ; and after the fcid Annuities, the Children's Provisions of the former Year,

and then their Provisions for the current Year; and lastly, the Sums due to such Annuitants as have mar-

ried any Person liable to one of the aforesaid annual Rates for the former Year or Years , and then their

Annuities for the current Year.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if the aforesaid Capital shall hereafter be

diminiftied, either by the Insolvency of Debtors, or by any other Accident whatever, such Diminution

shall from Time to Time be made up by After-Surplusses, in the same Manner as the Capital was origi*

nally raised.

■ XXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so (bon as the Capital shall amount to

ninety- seven thousand Pounds, the Trustees herein-after appointed shall intimate the fame to the several

Presbyteries and Universities aforesaid, desiring their respective Members subje£t and liable to one of the

aforesaid annual Races, to signify their Opinion, in case, in any one Year after the Capital is raised to

one hundred thousand Pi&unds, the anmral Produce shall exceed the annual Expence, in what Manner the

Surplus shall be disposed of; that the Trustees, after colledrng their Sentiments-, shall form a Plan for the

Application of such Surplus to such Purposes as shall appear most agreeable to the Contributors, and most

for the Benefit of all concerned ; that a Plan being so formed, shall be transmitted for the Considerrftiot*

of the aforesaid Members of the Prefoyteries and Universities, and thereafter carried into Execution, if it

Hull obtain the Sanction of Two-thirds of their Number.

XXXIV. Provided always. That if at any Time thereafter the said Plan shall be difappraved of by

Two-thirds of the said Ministers, Heads, Principals, and Mailers, liable in Payment of an annual Rate is

aforesaid, it fiiali be set a fide, and a new Plan adopted, agreeable to their Sentiments. -

XXXV. And be ii farther enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That every Minister who is now* or

{hall hereafter be possessed of a Benefice within the Bounds of the Presbytery of Edinburgh, and every rer-

fen who is now, or shall hereafter be pofleflfed of the Office of Head, Principal, or Mailer, in the Univer-*

fity of Edinburgh, {hall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed the ordinary and Hated Trustees,

for putting into Execution all the Powers in and by this A& given, during their continuing possessed of a

Benefice or Office respectivety in the Presbytery or Univerfify aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Minister having an Office many of

the ftid Universities of Saint Andrews Glasgow% and Aberdeen \ and every Mihifter having a Benefice in

any of the Presbytery Seats in Scotland (Edinburgh excepted), and who in virtue of the aforesaid in Part

recitfd Acts did become a Trustee, shall comrnue to exercise that Office, unlefe he shall within twelve Ca-

lendar Months after the Time of passing this present A61, by a Writing under his Hand, signify to the

Trustees aforesaid, that he declines continuing in the said Office.

XXXVII. And be it also enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall be competent for every

Minrfter who shall be hereafter admitted to any Office in the said Universities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow,

and Aberdeen, or to a Benefice in any of the said Presbytery Seats (Edinburgh excepted), to become a

Trustee, upon his signifying by a Writing under his Hand, to be delivered to the Clerk of the Trustees

herein-aftCT named, within twelve Calendar Months after his Admission, that he chuses to accept of the

said Trull; and in Default of his making such Intimation, he is hereby excluded from becoming a Trustee

at any Time thereafter, during his continuing in Poffiession of such Office or Benefice respefliveYy.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Ministers who now arc, or shall here-

after become Trustees, in consequence of their having an Office in any of the aforesaid Universities of Saint

Andrews, Glasgow% or Aberdeen, or a Benefice in any of the aforesaid Presbytery Seats, shall only continue

Trustees during their remaining in Possession of such Office or Benefice respectively.

XXXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for every

Presbytery in Scotland (Edinburgh excepted), hereafter annually to eie£l one of their Number to be a

Trustee for one Year, commencing from the first Day of May yearly ; and that it shall and may be lawful

for each of the Taid Universities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow, and Aberdeen, annually, to ele£l two of their

Nuthber, not being Ministers, to be Trustees for one Year, commencing fronrv the said first Day of May

yearly.

XL. Provided always, That it shall be in the Power of the said annual Trustees, elected by the

laid Prcfbyteries and Universities, respectively to refuse to accept, or to a£ in the said Office, so as such

Refusal be notified to the respective Presbyteries or Uniyerfities at the Time of Election, if the Trustees

elect be present, or else at the next Meeting of the Presbytery or Univerfuy respectively, after the Elediofi

{hall come to his or their Knowledge.

XLI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the ordinary and flared Trustees, and the

Wther Trustees before nominated and appointed, are hereby authorised to levy the respective annual Rates,

arid other Sums payable by virtue of this Act, and to issue the fame for the Purposes herein-before expressed,

and for raising the aforesaid Capital to one hundred'thousand Pounds by Loans to be made at Interest, not

lower than one Pound per Centum under the lawful Interest for the Time being, to any Person or Persons,

Bodies Politic or Corporate, and to uplift the said Capital in Whole or in Part, and to employ the fame

front Time to Time, and for putting into Execution all the other Powers in and by this Act given.

XLII. Provided always, That it shall not be in the Power of the said Trustees to lend out, uplift, or

re-employ any Part of the Capital, but with the Advice and Consent of the Lord President and the two

Senior Judges of the Court of Section, the Lord Chief Baron and the Senior Baron of the Court of

Exchequer^ am) of the Lord Justice General and Lord Justice Clerk for the Time being, or any three

06 them*

XLIII. And

V the Capital be

diminUhtd how

to be made up*

Wan to be

formed for did

posing of the

Surplus of the

Fond, after the

Capital is raised*.

In what Cash

the said Plan*

may be set afidf*

Trustees ap-

pointed.

MifiTfterom the-

Universities and

Presbyteries for-

merly Trustees

continued, un-

left they decline

the Office.

Ministers ad-

mitted to any

Office in the

Universities of

St. Andrews,

Glasgow, and

Aberdeen,

to be Trustees.

Such Trusteea

only to continue

during their

being in theft

Office*.

Each Presbytery

to cleft one

Trustee.

Trustees so*

elected may re-

fuse to act.

Trustees autho-

rifed to levy the

Rates, Ik.

Trustee* nor to

employ any Part

of the Capital

without ConfenC

of Lord PrtiU

cent, dec.

