The TITLES of the STATUTES.

16. An Act for limiting the Exemption* from Toll

(granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament for repairing

* Turnpike Roads) on account of Cattle going to and

from Water or Pasture.

17. An Act for dividing the Chafe of Enfield. in the County

of Middlesex\ and for other Purposes thejein mentioned.

18' An Act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and

Commons, of the City of London, to pirchafe the pre-

sent Tolls and Duties payable/or navoting upon the

River Thames* Weft ward of London budge* within the

Liberties of the City of Londoh, and for laying a small

Toll in lieu thereof, for the Purpose of more effectually

completing the said Navigation; aid for other Pur-

poses.

19. An Act for the more easy and seedy Recovery of

small Debts within the Parish of Gd Swinfordin the

Counties of Worcester and Stafford. ,

2o« An Act for continuing two Act, made in the sixth

Year of the Reign of King George he First, and in the

twentieth Year of the Reign of nirlate Majesty, for lay-

ing a Duty of Two Pennies Scot$ or one-sixth Part of a

Penny Sterling, upon every Scot* Pint of Beer or Ale

vended or sold within the Town £/*iurntifland, and Liber-

ties thereof,\ for oner effing * the tiilic Revenue of the said

Town; dndfor other Purposes therein mentioned. ,

21* An Act for the better bupportof his Majesty’s House-

hold, and of the Honour and dignity of the Crown of

Great Britain.

22. An Act for opening Commmications between Wap-

ping-fir eet and Ratcliff highway, and between OldGravel-

lane and Virginia street; and/or paving certain Streets

intended to be. built^ , and al/b certain other Streets and

public Railages and Places trithin the Parishes of Saint

John of Wapping* in the County of

23. An Act for lighting and matching the Turnpike Road

leading from the Stones End next Blackman street* in the

Parish of Saint Mary Nevdngton* in the County of Sur-

rey, to the Bridge at Walworth, in the same Parish, and

the several Roads, Ways, and Places, therein described,

communicating therewith.

24. An Act for expediting the Sale of Estates in Scotland

belonging to the York-buildings Company, for the Relief

of their Creditors.

25. An Act for widening, cleansing, and lighting, the

several Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and other public

Passages, within the Town of Wolverhampton, in the

County of Stafford) and for taking down, altering, or

rebuilding certain Buildings therein mentioned ; and for

removing all other Nuisances and Tncroachfaents, and

for regulating Carts and other Carriages within the said

Town.

2^. An Act for registering the Grants of Life Annuities ;

and for the better Protection of Infants against such

Grants.

27. An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of

1 Customs on the Exportation of Tea to Ireland*

28. An Act to revive and continue such Part of an Act,

made in the last Section of Parliament, intituled^ An Act

for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat,

uni other Article*, to his Majesty s Sugar Colonies in Ame^

rica, and to the Island of Saint Helena, and to the other

Settlements belonging to the United Company cf Alerckants cf

England trading tv the Eift Indies, and of Biscuit and

Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and

Labrador ; and for indemnifying all Perfom with respedi to

advising or carrying into Execution his Mayfiys Orders of

Council already made for allowing the Exportation of Wheat*

and other Articles ; as expired on the first Day of fianu-

ary, one thousand seven hundred and sevenry-seven.

5

29. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the manu-

facturing of Ash, Elder, Sloe, and other Leaves, in

Imitation of Tea, and to prevent Frauds in the Revenue^

of Excise in respect to Tea.

30. An Act for further restraining the Negotiation of P»*o-

milTory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a

limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called

England.

31. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the

Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the

Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to make an

Agreement or Composition with the several Sureties of

William Brown, ana the Representatives of such of the

said Sureties as are dead, for a Debt remaining due from

A th*ih to the Crown, on several Tobacco Bonds, en-

tered into and executed by such Sureties respectively;

, and that tjbey and their Estates. and Effects.may be ac-

quitted and discharged therefrom.

32. An Act for building a new Church within the Town

and Parish of Buckingham.

33. An Act to allow the Matter Dyers, within the Coun-

ties of Middlesex* Essex* Surrey, and Kent, to employ

Journeymen in their Trade who have not served Ap-

. prenticeships thereto.

34. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen

to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on Board

Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels

3$. An Act for further continuing an Act, passed in the

sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An

Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks and

Velvets for a limited Time, and for preventing unlawful

Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufac-

ture. '

36. An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the

first Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting

in Execution certain Acts of this Section of Parliament.,

37. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments ; and to

indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have

omitted to register or deliver in t heir Qualifications within

the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time

for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Of-

ficers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns,

whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped ac-

cording to Law, or, having been stamped, have been

lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide,

Admissions duly stamped ; and to give further Time to

such Persons as have omitted to make and file'Affidavits

of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies

and Solicitors.

38. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans

or Exchequer Bill?, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

39. An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon all

Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities

therein mentioned ; and for repealing several Rates and

Duties upon Glass, imposed determined by an Act made in the nine-

teenth Year of the Reign or his late Majesty, and for

granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon

Glass in lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the

Duties upon Glass; and for repealing the several Kates

and Duties charged, by an Act made in the twenty-

ninth Year of the Reign of his said lafe Majesty, upon

all Persons and Bodies Politick and Corporate having

certain Quantities of Silver Plate.

40. An Act to authorize the carrying of the Captures

therein mentioned into any Part of his Majesty’s Domi-

nions in North America; and for ascertaining the Value

of such Part of Ships and Goods as belong to the Re-

captors.

. 41* An

