166

fore Jan. iS,

*77^ &c»

anc! in other

Suits, may v>lead

in Ditch arge of

1 b< ir Perlom

fiom Execution.

Plaintiff miy

reply generally,

&e.

tut if nonsuited

to pay Treble

Cods.

Arornies or

Servants ember*

z’ing Money,

Arc. excluded

the Benefit of

this Act.

Person? who, by

false Pretence*,

have obtained

JM'Mkv, Good%

Ac excluded the

Benefit of this

Att.

Any Person hav-

ing f <ld or af-

signed any Part

t his LfDtc or

KfiedU, after

being in Custn-

y, wi h ires'gn

to del’iaud his

Creditor?, fin'll

lose the Benefit

ct this Att.

Gaoler to p^r-

rrit the f^-rak-

1 e in private to

rrifrnrrs, v I o<e

Names ?re in-

f’r'rd in the

l.id, or Grrrtt’,

i<c. and th- ev-

atnir i -g ori r.al

T-i U< nf En.

trie*, Ac.

cm Penalty of

4^1. vnthCcfis

»t bu.t.

C. 52. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

for any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to plead generally that such

Prisoner was actually a Prisoner in such Prison at such a Person’s Suit on the twenty-eighth Day oF Ja-

nuary one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or was or were beyond the Sens in Foreign Parts

on the tenth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; and was or v/ere duly dif-

charged according to this Act, at the General Quarter Session or General Session, or Adjournment there-

of, held at such Time 2nd Place, for such County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Town, or Place

(as his, her, or their Cafe is), without pleading any Matter specially; and in case any other Suit or

Action shall be commenced against him, her, or them, for any other Debt, Sum or Sums of Money, due

before the Lid twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or the

tenth Day cf A larch, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, to plead in Discharge of his or her

Person from Execution (over and above such Matters as aforesaid), that such Debt or Sum of Money (as

the Cafe shall happen) was contracted or due before the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand

seven hundred and seventy-eight, or the tenth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

eight, without pleading any other Matter specially; where to the Plaintiff shall or m3y reply generally,

and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may shew the said

Defendant not to be in titled to the Benefit of this Act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the fame

Manner as the Plaintiff might have replied, in case the Defendant had pleaded this Ac!, and his Dif-

chsrgc, by virtue of this Act, specially; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his Action, or Ver-

dict pass against him, or Judgment on Demurrer, the Defendant to have Treble Coils.

XLI. Provided always. That nothing in this A61 contained shall extend, or be conflrucd to extend*

to release or discharge any Attorney at Lav/, or Solicitor, or any other Person or Persons acting, or pre-

tending to act as such, with regard to any Debt with which he or they shall Hand charged for any Money*

or other E(Feels, recovered and received by him or them, for the Use of any Person or Persons, Bodies

Corporate or Politic, and by any Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person or Persons acting as such, embez-

zled, concealed, or converted, to his or their own Use; or to release or discharge any Servant or Agent*

or any Person or Persons employed or intruded as such, with regard to any Debt or Demand with which

he, she, or they, shall (land charged, for and on account of any Money, Goods, or other Effects, re-

ceived or pollc I fed by him, her, or them* for the Use, and on account of his, her, or their Master or

Matters, or Employers, and by such Servant or Agent embezzled, concealed, or converted to his* her*

or their own Uie; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

4 XLT And whereas many evil-dispofid Persons, to support their profligate Way of Life, have, by

various fuhtle Stratagems, Cheats, and Devices, fraudulently obtained divers Sums of Money* Goods*

Wares, Merchandizes, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Securities for Money*

to the great Injury of industrious Families, and to the manifeit Prejudice of T’rade and Credit;’ be it

enacted, That no Prisoner, who knowingly and dcfignedly, determined by false Pretence or Pretences, shall have

obtained from any Person or Persons, Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Bonds, B 11s of Exchange*

Promissory Notes, or other Securities for Money, shall have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or

under this Act; but the Justices, at any General or Quarter Section of the Peace, or any Adjournment

thereof, before whom any such Prisoners shall be brought, upon due Proof of the Matter, made to their

Satisfaction, shall remand such Pris >ner to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison from whence

he or she shall have been brought; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 XLIII. And whereas many Debtors have, with a View to defraud their Creditors, fold, transferred,

4 conveyed, or assigned their Estate and EffecSls to some Person or Persons, fublcquent to their being in

4 Custody of Law, or imprisoned under some Process for Debt: And whereas such Sale, Transfer, Con-

4 veyance, or AflQnment, has been frequently made, to the infinite Prejudice of the fair and honttt Cre-

4 diror, though ft lficient Proof could not be obtained to convict the Patty of a fraudulent Design ;* be ic

enacted, That whenever it shall be proved by one or more credible Witness or Wundies, to the Satis-

fudtion of the Court, to which any Prisoner shall be brought up, in order to obtain his or her Discharge*

that such Prisoner has fold, transferred, conveyed, or effgned, to any Person or Persons, all or any Part

of his Lfla'e or EfKdts, subsequent to the Time of his Imprisonment, or of his being in Custody of Law*

without just Cnute lor so doing, to be allowed by the Justices presiding in such Court as aforesaid; every

such Prisoner shall lose all the Benefits and Advantages that he might have otherwise claimed under the

Authority of this Act, and shall not be infilled to his or her Discharge; and every such Sale, Transfer,

Conveyance, or Assignrrcnt* is hereby declared to be null and void.

XLIV.'And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Gaoler or Keeper of any

Pril n shall, rnd is hereby required to fufler, in the Day-time, any Person or Persons defirirg the fame,

to fee and speak, in the Lodge, or some convenient Room in the said Prison, with any Prisoner or Pri-

son'TF, whose N^mes are inserted in the afore-mentioned Lift or Lists, or London Gazette, or other News-

p2p?rs, or any of them, or any Persons surrendering thcmftlves pursuant to this Act; and also fee, in the

true and genuine Books of the said Prison, the Entries made of the Name or Names of such Prisoner or

Prisoners, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Suits he, (lie, or

they, are detained: And if any such Gaoler or Keeper shall neglect or refuse to comply with what is here

above required, every such Gaoler or Keeper, who shall so offend in the PremitTcs, shall forfeit and pay,

to the Person so refuted and aggrieved, the Sum of forty Pounds; to be recovered, with Costs of Suit,

by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the Courts at WcJhninjUr*. wherein no Essoin,

Pro-etMi’-n, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, by and in the Name or

Name? of the Person or Persons so refused and aggrieved.

‘ y\TV. And whereas several Persons, who have taken the r>cnefit of Acts of Tnfolvency, from a Dif-

4 ficufiy of obtaining a new Credit to set themselves up in their usual Trades and Occupations (as their

4 future Effects have been made liable to their Debts previous thereto), have gone Abroad for the better

, 4 Maintenance

