Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

528 C. 24*

A. D. 17801.

and to Ltoding*

placti on tho

Rivers of Dee

and Ken*

But Proprietor!

to be prcvioufty

paid.

Other Condi-

tions*

No House, Car-

den, &c. to be

prejudiced*

Pcfleflbct to

clean Ditches

made by them*

In Default,

Truilre* may

order it at their

Ceft.

Ditches and

Drains made by

Trustees to be

fcovred et public

Expense.

Pofftflors ob- '

ft rutting the

fame, to pay

Triple Ex pence*

Water carried

acrossany Road,

Kl annex thereof.

No Houses to be

built herea'tcr

nearer than i*

Fort hom the

Qeatac of the

Road. . ..

No Annoyance l

to be laid on the

Roads, dec*

Head, ridges*

Gates*

Drains*

burn* Southwick-burn* Saturnefs-point* Neufabbtj-fafrn, Laghall and Orcbyardtoun-htfn \ and also toward*

the following Places on the Loch of Kin> and the River Dee, that is to say, at and opposite to the Boatcrofi

of Livingston on both Sides of the River Dee, at Little Kenmorey on the Weft Side of Loch Ken, and at and

opposite to the Place called Citbbox ljle, on both Sides of Ken. Provided always, That three Months pre-

vious Notice at the least be given thereof to the respective Proprietors of the Lands through which such

Roads shall be made, and such Proprietors shall be previously paid not only the Value of the Land to be

used in making such new Road9, and the Fences to be made along both Sides thereof, but also of the

Ground nectssary for a Landing-place, whereon to lay Lime, Shells, Coals, or other Goods, and also the

Expence of fencing off the fame; which Ground to be used for a Landing-place, the said Trustees, or

any three or more of them, or any Committee by them named, shall appoint and mark out, not exceeding

one Acre : Provided also. That no Warehouse or other House or Building whatever shall be erected upon

the said Landing-place, or upon the new Roads to be set out as last mentioned. And for ascertaining and

fixing the Damages and Value aforesaid, the fame Mode shall be followed as is prelcrtbed by the said AQt

of the eleventh of his prerent Majesty, for determining the Value and Damage anting from widening

Roads to thirty Feet, rrovided also. That in altering, widening, or making the Roads aforesaid, or in

digging or taking away the aforesaid Materials, nothing shall be done that may any Way prejudice an?

House or Building, the Side Walls of which are above twelve Feet high, or any Garden; Orchard,* or

Planted Walk, or any Avenue appertaining to such House.

XXL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Ditches have been; or

Time coming shall be made through any Fields adjoining to any of the said Roads, either for preventing

Water running upon, or for conveying the Water from, any of the Highways or Roads in the said Stew-

artry, by the Proprietors or Occupiers of the said Fields, then such Proprietors or Occupiers shall and arc

hereby required to keep those Ditches properly scoured, and not to allow the Water to stagnate therein \

and in case of their failing so to do, after ten Days Notice previously given, the Overseers of the fad

Roads, being so ordered by any one of the said Trustees, may, and are hereby required to order such

Ditches to be cleansed, opened, and scoured, at the Costs and Expences of the Proprietors or Occupier*

of the Fields through which those Ditches shall be made; and upon their refuting Payment of such Cods

and Expences, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said Stewartry, or any tww

or more of them, or the Stewart-depute, or his Substitute, to levy such Costs and Expences by Distreft

and Sale, in the same Manner as is herein*before directed for levying the Assessment or Convertionvmofley

aforesaid. Provided always. That the Ditches and Drains which shall be made by Order of the said

Trustees, or any three or more of them, shall be scoured and kept in Repair out of the Money anting by

virtue of this A& ; and if any Proprietor or Occupier of Land, through which any such Ditches or Drains

are or shall be made, shall obstruct or fill up any of them, the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit

and pay Triple the Expence of repairing and scouring the fame, to be recovered in Manner herein-a/aer

mentioned.; and the said Proprietor or Occupier shall be deemed the Transgrcflor, unless it shall be proved

that the Transgreifion was committed by some other Person* And where any Passage for Cattle or Car*

riages across any Road, for the Convenience of the Occupier of the Ground through which it passes, dull

be made, the Occupier of such Ground shall always cover the Drains along the Sides of such Road with

sufficient Stones, in such Manner as the Course of the Water in the Drains mav not be interrupted, or the

Road thereby prejudiced : Provided always, That no Occupier of Land shall conduct any Water across

any Road for the meliorating of his Fields, or other Purposes, until he shall have applied for, and ob-

tained the Consent of a Quorum of the said Trustees retiding in the Division where the Road is situated?

and every such Occupier mall be obliged to carry the Water acrof9 the Road in a covered Drain of such

Depth and Construction as that the Water may not prejudice the Road*

t XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Houses shall, after the passing of this Act, be buite

near the Sides of any public Roads, or in any Villages, or in case any Houses or other Buildings of any

Kind shall be ercdled at or near the Outlets of any Town, within the said Stewartry, where Houses have

not formerly been built or erected, no such House or other Building shall be built within the Distance of

twenty-two Feet from the Middle of any of the said public Roads or Highways, under the Penalty of

forty Shillings Sterling for every Offence, and the Expence of demolishing such House or Edifice ; and R

shall be lawful for any one or more of the said Justices of the Peace to stop the building or eredtinjg of

every such House or Building as he or they shall apprehend to be within the said Distance horn the Middle

of the said Roads or Highways, by an Order in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, until such

Time as sufficient Evidence shall be brought before him or them, that such Building shaft be built or

erected beyond foe Distance aforesaid ; and if such Proof shall not be adduced at or before the next Ge-

neral Quarter Sessions for the said Stewartry* it shall be lawful for any two or more of the said Justices

of the Peace to Order such Building to be pulled down and removed at the Ex pence of the Ereder,

or of the Occupier of the Ground, and to grant a Warrant for levying the fame as herein-after

mentioned*

4 XXIII. And, for preventing Annoyances in the said Roads/ be it further enacted. That every Per-

son, in plowing any Field contiguous to any of the said Roads, shall always make Head-ridges along the

Side of the Roads, of the Breadth of twenty-four Feet at least; and all Gates upon Inclosure? next to

any of the High Roads, shall open inwards to the Field; and no Person shall lay, or cause to be laid, any

Timber, Stones Lime, dead Horses, or other Carrion, Dung, Soil, Compost, Afoes, Rubbifo, or othor

Matter, upon any of the said Roads, or in the Trenches or Drains along the Sides of the fame, except

Materials for incloting of Grounds adjoining to the said Roads ; which, nevertheless foal I be folaid down,

as not to interrupt a free and cafy Passage along the Roads for two Carriages, nor the Courie of the

Water in the Drains ; and that in making any covered or arched Passage or Drain for Water across any

the said Rq*ds, a safe and easy Passage along one Half of such Road shall be lea without any Obftnidhoa

ekhtf

