291

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. C. 61.

c utmost Endeavour to disclose and make known to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all Trcafons

c and traiterous Conspiracies which may be formed against him or them; and I do faithfully promise to

4 maintain, support, and defend, to the utmost of my Power, the Succession of the Crown in his Ma-

4 jesty’e Family, against any Person or Persons whatsoever; hereby utterly renouncing and abjuring any

4 Obedience or Allegiance unto the Person taking upon himself the Stile and Title of Prince of Walesy

in the Lifetime of nis Father, and who, since his Death, is said to have assumed the Stile and Title of

4 King of Great Britain, by the Name of Charles the Third, and to any other Person claiming or pretend-

4 ing a Right to the Crown of these Realms; and I do swear, that I do reject and deteft, as an un-

4 christian and impious’ Postion, That it is lawful to murder or destroy any Person or Persons whatsoever,

4 for or under Pretence of their being Heretics; and also that unchristian and impious Principle, That no

4 Faith is to be kept with Heretics: I further declare, that it is no Article of my Faith, and that I do

4 renounce, reject, and abjure, the Opinion, That Princes excommunicated by the Pope and Council,

4 or by any Authority of the See of Rome, or by any Authority whatsoever, may be deposed or murdered

4 by their Subjects, or any Person whatsoever: And I do declare, that I do not believe that the Pope of

4 Rome, or any other foreign Prince, Prelate, State, or Potentate, hath, or ought to have, any temporal

4 or civil Jurisdiction, Power, Superiority, or Pre-eminence, directly or indirectly, within this Realm.

4 And I do Solemnly, in the Presence of God, profess, testify, and declare. That I do make this Decla-

4 ration, and every Part thereof, in the plain and ordinary oenfe of the Words of this Oath; without

4 any Evasion, Equivocation, or mental Reservation whatever, and without any Dispensation already

4 granted by the rope, or any Authority of the See of Rome, or any Person whatever; and without

4 thinking that I am or can be acquitted before God or Man, or absolved of this Declaration, or any Part

4 thereof, although the Pope, or any other Persons or Authority whatsoever, shall dispense with or annul

the fame, or declare that it was null or void.’

Which Oath it shall be competent to his Majesty’s High Court of Chancery, or to any of his Majesty’s Record at Wei*-

Courts of Record at Westminster, the Courts of Great Sessions within the Principality of Wales and County minster, Conns

Palatine of Chester, the Courts of Chancery or Common Pleas within the Counties Palatine of Lancaster of creatSeiTioni

and Durham, or to any Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace of any County, Riding, Liberty, jd“!niftVr

City, Borough, Town, or Place, in the Kingdom of England, or in the Principality of Wales, to admi- the Oith.

nifter, and they are hereby required to administer the fame accordingly: Of the taking and subscribing of a R-g ftrr to be

which Oaths a Register shall be kept and preserved, in the Manner prescribed by the Laws now in being of the tak-

reauiring Oaths from Persons taking Offices or Employments. mgand subfenb.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That nothin? in this Act contained shall g.1 !^me0’lta

extend, or be construed to extend, to any Popi(h Bishop, Priest, Jesuit, or Schoolmaster, who shall not C1^snd to

have taken and subscribed the above Oath in the above Words beifore he shall have been apprehended or popin, Bishop,

any Prosecution commenced against him. &c. who &au

not have taken the said Oath before he wai apprehended, Sec.

CAP. LXI.

Arv Act: for repealing certarn Provisions in two Acts, made in the first Year of the Reign of

Queen Anne; one intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Protestant Purchasers of the for-

feited Estates in Ireland; and the other intituled, An Act for advancing the Sale of the

forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for vejling such as remain unfold by the present Trustees in her

Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for such Uses as the fame were before vested in the said

Trustees , and for the more effectual felling andfet ting the said Estates to Protestants; and for.

explaining several Acts relative to the Lord Bophin and Sir Redmond Everard.

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the first Session of the first Year of Queen Anney intituled, An Preamble.

An for the Relief of the Protestant Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, it is enacted, That Recital of an

4 all Dispositions and Sales of the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Estates and Interests, Act of 1 Annie,

4 therein mentioned, which had been then fold or contrafted for, or should be thereafter fold, by the

4 Trustees therein mentioned, should be made to Protestants only; and that every Papist, or Person pro-

4 feffing the Popish Religion, should be disabled and made incapable to take any Part thereof, or any

4 Interest in or out of the fame; and that all Conveyances and Declarations of Trust to any Papist, or

4 Person professing the Popish Religion, concerning the fame, should be void and of none Effeft; and

that no such Papist, or Person professing the Popish Religion, during his continuing to be such, should

4 be capable to inherit, take, or make Title to, by Descent, Purchase, Limitation, Devise, or other

4 Conveyance, or to have, hold, or enjoy, any of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Estates

4 or Interests, or any Trust or Interest therein; and that if any Person professing the Popish Religion, or

4 educated in the fame, and not having solemnly and publickly renounced it, being of full Age, shall not,

4 within the Space of six Months after the accruing of his or her Fide, or, being under the Age of

4 eighteen Years, shall not, within six Months after he or (be shall attain the Age aforesaid, take the Oath

4 of Allegiance and Supremacy, and subscribe the Declaration in the faiJ Act mentioned, and continue to

4 be a Protestant, every such Person shall be disabled to inherit or take by Descent, Devise, or Limitation,

4 or Purchase, any of the said Estates or Interests, or any Trust or Interest in or out of the fame; but that,

4 during the Life of such Person, or till his Conformity, the next of his Kindred who shall be a Pro-

^ testant dull have and enjoy the Premises, without being accountable for the Profits; and that all Leases

4 for

