A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III.

C. 17.

Srho'ars of the said Ccfiieg

hereafter, to compound

chYcharg ng the remaining

cfihefi.d Allotment, ali.p

cf Tythes, and to rccept

mer.t, or such other Com

in

n *:

1 i

IL’U

on, as

v*

49

by the Lefteeor Lcflecs, Occupier or Occupiers of the Land adjoining to the faiJ AMofments; a fid that

the Allotment lying near the said Windmill, containin'? ten Acres, as d-kribed in the said Survey 01 I’lan,

Ifcall go to and be held and enjoyed by the Vicar of Enfieldy and his Successors for ever.

XVIII. Anj be it further enacted, 7^hnt i: ftnll and may be lawful to and for the f iJ Matter, Fellow^,

and Scholars, and their Successors, at any Time hereafter, by any Deed or Writing to be sealed with

their Common Seal, to augment the said Vicnrage, by annexing thereto the ("aid one hundred and sixty

Acres, and that the fame, with all Houses and Buildings thereon, shall for ever belong to the Vicar; ge,

and shall from thenceforth be vetted in, and held and enjoyed by, the Vicar of the fa d Parish of

for the Time being, and h'.s Successors, as Parcel of the Glebe appertaining to the Vicarage of the said

Parish; Fubje^ft nevertheless to all such Conditions, Limitations, and Directions, as shall be set forth,

contained, and expressed in and by such Deed cf Augmentation as aforesaid: And that it shall and may be

lawful to and for the said Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, and their Successors (if they (hull so think fit),

in and by such Deed, to declare and appoint, that when and so often as any Fellow of the said Co.'hgs

Ihnll be presenttd to and ihnll accept of the said Vicarage, such Acceptance shall vacate his Fellowftdp,

and the said Vicarage be considered as a full Provifmn for every such Fellow to be marc by the f id College:

Which Deed of Augmentation shall be inrolled in his Mai? fly’s Court of Duchy Chamber of Lancaster,

sfnd that such Inrounent, or a Copy thereof, shall be at all Times legal Fvidence of the fame.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That immediately after such of the Fences of the fuid Allotments for

Tythes as are herein after directed to be marie at his Majesty’s Expence, shall be completed, and the said

Allotments apportioned and assigned by the said Referees as aforesaid, the fame shall be deemed and taken

as a full Recompence and Satisfaction for, and shall be accepted by the said Mutter, Fellows, and Scho-

lars, and their Successors, and their Lessee, and determined by the Vicar of the fuid Pari ft) of Enfield, and his Suc-

cefiors, in full Satisfaction and Difchnrge of all and all Manner of Tythes whatsoever, which might or

could otherwise accrue, arise, or become due to them or their Surceflfors Tenant-, or Lessees, either

upon or fiom the several Lodges upon the said Chafe, and the inclosed Lands held and occupied with the

said Lodges, or upon or from all such Parts of the said Chafe, whether open or inclosed, which, under the

Provisions of this Act, shall or may become the Property of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

or upon or from such Part of the said Enfield Allotment, not exceeding two hundred Acres, as fhttl be

inclosed from the RefiJue of the fuid Allotments under the Provisions herein-after for that Purpose con-

tained, or upon or from the several Portions or Allotments assigned to the said Parish of South Minims,

and the Owners and Proprietors of Enfield Old Per/:, and Mr.nor of Old Fol ly or any of them: And that

immediately after the said Fences of the said last-mentioned Allotments for Tythes, directed to be made at

his Majesty’s Expence, {hall be so made and completed, not only all such Parts of the said Chafe as shall

become the exclusive Property of the King’s Mnjetty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of this Act, and

all Encroachments thereon, but also all the Lodges within the said Chafe, and all inclosed Lands therewith

held and occupied, and also the said two hundred Acres so intended to be inclosed, being Part of the said

Allotment of one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two Acres, two Roods, and fix Perches, afllgned to

the Parish of Enfield\ and also all and singular the said several Allotments of the said Chafe, and every Part

thereof, herein-beforr assigned to the said Parish of South Alimms, and to the Owners of Enfield Old Perk

and Manor of Old FohL and to the Master, Fellows, and Scholars of Trinity College, an i their LefT e,

and to the Vicar of Enfieldy and every of them, shall become and shall from thenceforth remain, and be

for ever freed, exonerated, and discharged of and from all Tythes, of what Nature or Kind soever.

XX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall take away or a fleet the Rights of the said

Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, and their Successors or Lefiecs, or of the Vicar of Enfield for the Time

being, or any of them, to such Tythes as shall arise and accrue from the said Chafe, or any Inclosures

made or to be made within the same, until the Fences of the said Portions or Allotments, hereby assigned

to the said Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, and the Vicar of Enfieldy directed to be made at his M.ijesty’s

Expence, shall have been so made and completed. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall

abridge, takeaway, leften, or in any wise affrdt the Rights of the said Matter, Fellows, and Scholars,

their Successors or Letters, or the Vicar of the Parish of Enfield for the Time being, oV his Successors, of,

in, or to any Tythes, which shall arise, accrue, or growdue from the several Allotments of the said Cnafc,

hereby assigned ro or for the Benefit of the {aid Parishes of Evfiddy Edmonton, and Monken Hal ley, and the

Incumbrnt of Monkcn Hadley, or either of them (excepting only as to the said two hundred Acres, Parc

i f the said Enfield Allotment, herein-after directed to be inclosed); but that the said M tter. Fellows,

and Scholars, and their Successors and Lefties, and the Vicar of Enfield and his Successors, shall be intitled

unto and shall have, receive, and t. ke, in and upon the said several last-mentioned Allotments, and every

Part thereof respectively (except as to the Lid two hundred Acres), all and all Manner of Tythes, which

shall arise and accrue thereon or therefrom, in as ample and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes,

as they would ftverally and respectively have been infilled unto, in case this ACi had not been made; any

Th:rg herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXL And be it further enacted, That it fp ill and may be lawful to and for the said Matter, Fellows, and

, and their SucceflVs, and the Vicar of Enfield, or his Successors, at any Time

d agree vi.h the Ftethn! iers and Copyholders of the said Parish of Etfiddy for

v!« thous.uu! fivo lrmded and thirty-two Acrec, two Roods, and fix Perches,

aed to or f r tin* Benefit of that Parish, or any Part there *f, fr ,ni the Payment

thereof, such Sharebmd Proportion of the said bitt-uv iitioned Allot—

shall be far) d and agreed upn b ^we- n the feud Part;es f*>r tint

En ce'dV;nr.

atr m y b: la-

mented, &c.

Dred of Aus-

mtn'ation ro be

inrollel.

Allotment* ro

be accepted in

lieu of such.

Tyttc*.

Cerfa'n Part? of

the Chafe made

T^lhe-irtc.

A R<»fervar*on

to Tv h*-n>va.

er«, till their

Allrrmen;* DC

fenced.

Powers to com-

peted ft r

1’; thei of En-

h.ld A lotment#

Purnn'c; which Agreement, b/eg re Mice I into Writing, and sea’ed with the Common Sal of the {bid

M iter, Fellows, Mid Srhol irs, an 1 (breed, (baled, and executed by the Vicar of £ fin Id for the 7 ime

be ng, and also by fourPa;ti in five of the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenc-

V oL. XIII. Part I. H ments.

