333

A. D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii IN. C. 19, 20.

44 Exchequer a Book containing the Names of the Contributors, &c. Contributors shall deliver their

44 Certificates to the Auditor, before December 22, 1779, to be exchanged for Orders; and name their

44 Nominees. Auditor to cause Orders for Payment to be made out as soon as convenient, which shall be

44 signed by the Commissioners of the Treasury. Books to be kept in the Offices of the Auditor and Clerk

44 of the Pells, containing the Names of the Contributors, &c. Part of the Money to arise from the new

44 Duties to be set apart for the Annuities on Lives. On Death of Nominees, Annuities to cease. Life

44 Annuities may be transferred. Transfer to be entered at the Exchequer. When Contributors, &c. de-

44 mand Payment of their Annuities in the Absence of their Nominees, they must produce Certificates of

44 their being alive on the Day when the respective half-yearly Payments become due. What Certificate

44 necessary when the Nominee resides in England or Wales. Penalty on forging Certificates, CsV. What

44 Certificate necessary when the Nominee resides in Scotland or Ireland ; or in Parts beyond the Seas. Pe-

44 nalty on Persons receiving a half-yearly Payment for any Time after the Death of their Nominee.

44 Contributors, within a Month after Notice of the Death of their Nominee, to certify the fame to the.

44 Auditor of the Exchequer, &c. on Penalty of 101. Annuities to be Tax-free. Commissioners of the

4* Treasury, on receiving a proper Certificate from the Chief Baron, &c. of the Exchequer, may cause

44 new Orders to be made in Lieu of such as shall be loft, burnt, &c. or defaced, or incumbered with

44 Alignments. Clause for preventing Frauds relating to Standing Orders, Offenders to suffer Death

44 as Felons. No Fee to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution-Monies, or for any Transfer, &c.

44 Penalty on Officers of the Exchequer who shall demand any such Fee, or misapply the Monies, EsV.

44 Officers, in certain Cafes, not to incur any Penalty for making wrong Payments. If the Fund to be efta-

44 blished for Payment of the Annuities should prove insufficient, the Deficiency to be supplied out of the

44 Sinking Fund ; which Monies shall be replaced out of the next Supplies. If the Fund shall be more

44 than sufficient to pay the Annuities, the Surplus to be reserved for the Difeofidon of Parliament. Ma-

44 nagers and Directors of the Lottery to be appointed by the Treasury. Method of the Lottery Books.

44 Ticket. Managers to examine the Books with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the

44 Bank, taking a Receipt for the fame. Cashiers to return the Books, with the undisposed Tickets ; with

44 an Account of the Monies paid in. Undisposed Tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets

44 of the middle Columns to be rolled up, and fattened with Thread or Silk; and cut off indentwife into

44 a Box marked with the Letter (A). Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with Two

44 Columns, on each of which 49,000 Tickets arc to be printed. The Number and Value of the Fortunate

44 Tickets. 10001. to each First-drawn Ticket of the first eight Days, and iooooI. to the Last-drawn.

44 Tickets of the last-mentioned Books to be rolled up and tied. Public Notice to be given of putting the

44 Tickets into the Boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on November 15, 1779. Method to be observed in

44 Drawing, iffc. Number of the Fortunate Tickets, and the Sums, to be printed. Disputes to be ad-

44 jutted by the Managers. Penalty on forging Tickets, &c. Felony. Offenders (not in Prisonj difeo-

44 vering Persons guilty, to receive a Pardon, and 50 1. Reward. Proviso. Managers to be sworn. The

44 Oath. Cashier may receive the Sums subscribed before receiving the Lottery Book ; giving a Note

44 for the fame ; which shall entitle the Bearer to a Ticket for every 10I. so paid. Contributors not

44 making good their Payments within the Times limited, forfeit their Deposits with respect to the Lot-

44 tery ; and the Tickets for such Sums to be delivered into the Exchequer. Commissioners of the Trea-

44 fury may reward the Managers, as they shall think fit. Limitation of the Sale of Chances, fcfr.

44 Penalty. Office-keepers, iffc. felling Shares in Tickets of which they are not possessed, forfeit 500 1.

44 and suffer three Months Imprisonment. No Person shall keep any Office for the Sale of Tickets, &c.

44 in Oxford ox Cambridge, on Penalty of 20 1. Offenders may be prosecuted in the Vice-chancellor's

44 Court. Forfeitures may be levied by Distress, &c. Proceeding not to be removed by Certiorari, until

44 sufficient Surety is given to prosecute the fame with Effect, ffc. This Act not to prejudice the Privi-

44 leges and Jurisdictions of the Mayor, &c. of Oxford. Offences committed in Ireland against British

44 Acts for preventing unlawful Lotteries, made punishable : Penalties may be feed for in Dublin. The

44 490,000 ]. for the Payment of the Fortunate Tickets, to be charged on any Supplies granted this Sef-

44 fion 5 and shall be paid to the Proprietors, without any Deduction, on March 1, 1780, &c. Managers

44 to give Notice of the Times for exchanging Tickets for Certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c.

44 and signed, &c.. No Fee to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution-monies, or for any Receipts,

44 &c. on Penalty of 201. General issue. Treble Costs.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

called England^ for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of Mareky one thousand seven hundred

.and seventy-nine.

CAP. XX.

An Act for the better railing and securing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Chil-

dren of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland', and of the Heads, Principals, and

Mailers, in the Universities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow, Edinburgh, and Aberdeen; and

for repealing two Acts made in the seventeenth and twenty-second Years of the Reign of

his late Majesty King George the Second for those Purposes.

c

WHEREAS the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church, and of the Heads, Prin-

cipals, and Matters, in the Universities of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, had often

been left in indigent Circumstances, without any Provision for their Subsistence or Education: And

Vol.XIIL Part III. X x 4 whereas

Preamble,

