332

Procefding* of

i'omts-ra »rlial

not to be de-

1 *yrd by the

Absence cf any

M?o Lets, pro-

\ i It d enow re-

main to make a

Court.

No Member to

T*o Clauses in

the said Act

ai Ceo, 11. re-

cited.

and altered*

C. 17. Anno decimo nono Georgii IU. A. D. 1779.

II Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Proceedings of any Court-martial shall not be de-

layed by the Absence of any of its Members, provided a sufficient Number doth remain to compose such

Court, which shall, and is hereby required to fit from Day to Day {Sunday always excepted) until the

Sentence be given; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstand-

ing: And no Member of the said Court-martial shall absent himself from the said Court during the whole

Course of the Trial, upon Pain of being cashiered from his Majesty’s Service, except in Cafe of Sickness,

or other extraordinary and indispensable Occasion, to be judged of by the said Court.

te afcfrnt except on force extraordinary Occasion.

4 III. And whereas by two Clauses in the said Act, passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his

4 late Majesty King George the Second, it is enacted and declared, That every Person in the Fleet, who

4 thiough Cowardice, Negligence, or Disaffection, shall, in Time of Action, withdraw or keep back, or

4 not come into the Fight or Engagement, or shall not do his utmost to take or destroy every Ship which it

4 shall be his Duty to engage, and to assist and relieve all and every of his Majesty’s Ships, or those of his

4 Allies, which it shall be his Duty to assist and relieve, and being convicted thereof by the Sentence of

4 a Court-martial, shall suffer Death ; and also that every Person irf the Fleet, who, through Cowardice,

4 Negligence, or Disaffection, shall forbear to pursue the Chace of any Enemy, Pirate, or Rebel, beaten

4 or flying, or shall not relieve or assist a known Friend in View, to the utmost of his Power, and being

4 convicted of any such Offence by the Sentence of a Court-martial, shall suffer Death : And whereas the

4 restraining of the Power of the Court-martial to the inflicting of the Punishment cf Death, in the fc-

4 veral Cafes recited in the said Clauses, maybe attended with great Hardship and Inconvenience;’ be

it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may b: lawful, in the several Cafes

recited in the said Clauses, for the Court-martial to pronounce Sentence of Death, or to inflict such other

Punishment as the Nature and Degree of the Offence shall be found to dtferve.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

<c Preamble. 7*000,cool, to be raised by Annuities, and 49^,0-01. by a Lottery. Contributors to the

44 Sum of 7,000,0001. to be intitled to certain Annuities ; which shall be charged upon a Fund to be efta-

44 blished this Session, and collaterally upon the Sinking Fund. Contributors may have the Annuity of

44 3I. 15 s. per Cent, for Life, instead of for 29 Years, upon producing a proper Certificate to the Auditor

44 of the Exchequer before December 22, 1779. Every Contributor of icon /. shall, upon Payment of 70 1.*

44 more, be intitled to seven Lottery Tickets. Preamble: reciting that Books have been opened at the

44 Bank, and Deposits made, pursuant to a Resolution of the House of Commons. All Persons who have

44 made Deposits, pursuant to the aforesaid Resolution, are required to pay the Remainder of their Sub-

44 feriptions at certain Times specified. Subscribere to the Annuities to be allowed Interest for all Monies

44 paid in Advance. Subscribers to the Lottery, on paying in the Whole of their Subscriptions, shall rc-

44 ceive Tickets to the Amount thereof. Subscribers to the 7,000,0001. intitled to an Annuity of 3 I.

44 per Cent.; and also to an Annuity of 3 1. 15s. for 29 Years; both payable half-yearly. All Contribu-

44 tors who shall pay in the Whole of their Contribution-money before June 30, 1779, may receive the

44 Half Year’s Annuity due July 5, 1779, on the Annuity of 31. 15 s. when they receive the Half Year’s

44 Annuity due on the 3 per Cent. ; otherwise they shall not receive the said Annuity until January 1780.

44 Annuities to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England, &c. Cashier of the Bank to give

44 Receipts to Contributors for Money received ; which shall be assignable, &c. Cashier to give Security,

44 to the good Liking of the Commissioners of the Treasury ; and to pay all Monies received into the Ex-

44 chequer. Commissioners of the Treasury impowered to apply the Money paid in by the Cashier. A

44 Book to be provided in the Accountant-general’s Office, in which Contributors Names shall be entered,

44 &c. After Contributors shall have paid their Subscriptions, they will be intitled to receive the Annui-

44 ties granted by this Act; which shall be Tax-free. Subscriptions paid in Part, and not completed,

44 shall be forfeited to the Public. As soon as Contributors have completed their Payments, the Sums

44 subscribed shall, in the Books of the Bank, be placed to their Credit. Accountant-general, on Payment

44 of 501. per Cent. of their Contributions before June 25, 1779, to give Credit to the Contributors for

44 the Annuity of 3 1. i$s. which shall be transferable. Certain Rates appropriated for Payment of the

44 Annuities granted by this Act. Governor, &c. of the Bank to appoint a Chief Cashier, and Account-

44 ant-general. Monies to be issued at the Exchequer to the Chief Cashier, for Payment of Annuities

44 created by this Act. Accountant- general to examine Receipts and Payments. Annuities to be deemed

44 personal Estate. Books to be kept by the Accountant-general, wherein shall be entered all Transfers

44 of Sums advanced on this Act. Method of transferring. The Annuities of 3 1. s. per Cent per Ann.

44 shall be a separate Stock from the other Annuities. The Annuities of 3 1. 1 c s. per Cent. to be made

4C a joint Stock with certain Annuities granted, for 30 Years, by the Lottery Act of last Session. Persons

44 pofl'effect of Stock may devise the fame by Will, &c. Commissioners of the Treasury to discharge all

44 incidental Charges attending the Execution of this Act. The 3 per Cent. Annuities granted by this

44 Act shall be added to the Joint Stock of 3 per Cent. transferrable at the Bank, &c. The Bank to con-

44 tinue a Company till Redemption of the Annuities. 490,000! to be raised by a Lottery; the Prizes

44 whereof to be paid out of any Supplies granted this Session. Guardians having the Dispoial of Infants

44 Money, may contribute to the Loan, &c. Contributors for every tool, they shall advance, to he in-

44 titled to an Annuity of 3 1. 15 s. per Annum for 29 Years, or for Life. Life Annuities to be paid at the

46 Exchequer half-yearly. Cashiers of the Bank to give Certificates to Contributors who chuse Life An-

44 miities 3 which may be assigned before December 21, 1779. Cashiers to transmit to the Auditor of the

2 44 Exchequer

