226

fViilificution of

f iturc Cuinnuf*

honcj j.

ComroJffioners

Oiih.

Memorial

thereof to be

rendered.

Any Person

a£Vng at Com-

milTioner, not

being duly qua-

lified, shall

forfeit 50 1.

No Attorney/

Ac. to plrad, or

have Privilege,

in the Court,

Table of Fee*:

0.36, Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778;

have it* due Effect, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, assembled in Court, or

the Majority of them so assembled, upon Complaint and due Proof made, upon the Oath of one or more

credible Witness or Witnclles, to ord^r such Serjeant to pay the Sum or Sums of Money, for which the

fai l Execution was awarded, to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the fame

Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of other Debts.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable

of n£tin£ as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (except the Commissioners herein-before named

and appointed), unless he be adlu.dly seised or possessed, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, of

th irrv Pounds per Annum in real Estate; or of six hundred Pounds in personal Estate; nor shall any Person

be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act during such Time as he shall keep any

Vidhulling-house, Ale-house, or other House of public Entertainment, or (except in the Choice of Clerks

of the said Court, at the first Meetings to he holden for the respective Divisions) until he shall have taken

an Oath, or (being of the People called Quakers) made an Affirmation, to>the Effect following:

‘ T A. B. do swear (or affirm). That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the bed of

‘ my Judgment, hear and determine all such Matters and causes as shall be brought before me, by vir-

1 rue of an Act of Parliament for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Isle of Ely, in

‘ the County of Cambridge, without Favour, Affection, or Prejudice, to either Patty.*

Which Oath the Clerks of the said Court, within their respective Divisions, or any of the Commissioners

who shall have taken such Oath, is and are heicby empowered and required to administer in open Court;

and a Memorial thereof shall be entered by the said Clerks, in the Books to be kept for entering the Acts

and Proceedings of the said Court: And that any Person or Persons presuming to act as a Commissioner,

being disqualined, or not having such Qualification as aforesaid, dial!, for every Time he shall so act, for-

feit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to any Person who shall sue for the same, in any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record, or in the Court of Pleas of the Royal Franchise in the said Ijle of %ly, wherein no Effoinv

Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the Person

prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of fifty Pounds,

without any other Proof on the Part of the Prcfecutor, than that such Person acted as a Commissioner in

the Execution of this Adl.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Attorney at Law or Solicitor, of any Court whatsoever, (halt

be allowed to plead or maintain any Privilege against the Process, Authority, Jurisdiction, or Judgment of

the said Court of Requests, or be admitted to appear in the said Court of Requests as an Attorney or Advo-

cate in Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Fees herein-after li-

mited and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the ,iefpeClive Clerks and Serjeants of the said Court

of Requests, for the Time being, in their said several Divisions, for their several and respective Services in

the Execution of this A&; (that is to say)

To the CLERKS

For entering every Cause, Sixpence.

Foriffuing every Summons, Sixpence.

For every Subpoena, Sixpence.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, Threepence.

For every Hearing or Trial, Sixpence.

For swearing every Witness, Plaintiff, or Defendant, Threepence.

For every Order, Judgment, or Decree, Sixpence.

For a Nonsuit, Sixpence.

For every Search in the Books, Threepence.

For paying Money into Court, Sixpence.

— If by Instalments, Sixpence in the Pound more.

For taking Money out of Court, and acknowledging Satisfactiorf in the Clerk’s Book, Sixpence.

% For every Attachment, Sixpence.

For every Execution, Sixpence.

For every Warrant of Commitment for any Insult or Mtfbehavioiir in Court, or to the Commissioners,

Clerks, or Officers of the Court, one Shilling.

To the SERJEANTS.

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or Subpoena, if within one Mile of the Cathedral Church of

>E!y, or within one Mile of the respective Parish Churches of IViJbech Saint Peter's and Chatteris, or within

one Mile of the respective Market-places of Whittlesey and March, and attending the Court with the^Re-

turn thereof, Sixpence.

-----If beyond that Distance from any of the said respective Places, Ninepence for every Mile.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, one Penny.

For executing every Attachment, Execution or Warrant, against the Body or Goods, one Shilling.

-----If within one Mile of the Cathedral Church of Ehy or within one Mile of the respective Parish

"Churches of IVifbech Saint Peters and Chatteris, or within one Mile of the respective Market-places of

WhittleJey and March, Sixpence.

-----If beyond that Distance from any of the said respective Places, Ninepence foreverv Mile.

For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, or Delinquent to Prison, Sixpence for every Mile.

A Table

