330

M.-thod of Pro-

ctcuing where

one S;de of a

"Road hus been

iiiuljfed, &c.

Penalty on lay-

ing Dung, &c.

cri the Side of

the Road*,

or dragging Tim-

ber thereon*

Com misti oners

may measure the

Read*, andereft

Mile-ft incs and

Directxon-posts,

Penalty on de*

stroying or de-

facing Mile-

stones, See. or

breaking down

the Parapet

Walls of

^Bridges, Scc,

'Recovery of the

Conversion

Mcney,

Penalty on Col-

Je4tor« not ex-

acting Conver-

fmn.

Not to prosecute

after six Months.

Per‘ons aggriev-

ed may appeal

to the next

-Qjaricr Sessions j

whose Judg-

ment shall be

final.

Expences of the

to be levied

by an A fit-Ament

on the Heritors.

Public Act.

C. 13.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779,

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where one Side of a Road has been

inclosed before passing this Act, no Inclosure shall be made on the other Side, without leaving the full

Standard Breadth between the Fences : And where the old Inclosures have been made within less than the

Half of the Standard Breadth of the Middle of the Road, and the Ground on the opposite Side belongs to

a different Person, the Owner of the Side formerly inclosed shall have it in his Option either to remove

his Inclosure, or, at the Sight of Two or more Justices, to pay to the Owner of the uninclosed Side, the

Value of the Ground which the latter is obliged to leave out for the Road more than what otherways

would have fallen upon him,

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall lay down any Ma-

nure for Land, Stones, Timber, or any Nuisance or Hindrance, within Five Yards of the Side of the

Roads, except within a sufficient Fence between it and the Road ; or leave Carts or Carriages on such

Road, or haul or draw any Tree or Piece of Timber, or other Material whatever, on the said Roads,

otherways than upon a Wheel-carriage, Sledge, or Cart, or do anyThing whatever whereby the said

Roads shall be unnecessarily spoiled or damaged, under the Penalty of Ten Shillings Sterling for each such

Offence.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful to the said Cpm-

missioners, at their General Annual Meetings in the respective Parishes, to cause any of the said Roads to

be measured, and Stones or Polls to be erected on the Side thereof, denoting the Distance, at each Mile,

or at such other Distances as they may judge convenient; also to order, or cause to be erected. Guide-

polls, upon such Parts of the Roads where the fame are eroded or joined by other Roads, as they shall

judge proper; and where any Parts of the Roads are subject to deep or dangerous Floods, to ered gra-

duaced-Posts at the Entrances, denoting the Depth of the Water at the deeped Parts : And if any Person

or Persons shall break down, destroy, or deface, any such Mile-dones, Guide or Graduated Pods, set up

by Order of the Commissioners, or shall break down the Cape-dones on the Ledges or Parapet \yalls on

the Sides of any of the Bridges on the Roads, or turn any Stream of Water upon any Part of the said

Roads, unless a sufficient covered or arched Drain or Passage shall have been previously made as herein

direeled ; or shall be aiding or allifting to any of these Offences, or refeue, or attempt to refeue, any Per-

son apprehended for having been guilty of any of them ; every Person so offending in any of the Premises*

and being thereof lawfully convicted, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Wirnefles, before

the Sheriff Depute of the County, or before two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, shall not

only be condemned to pay the Whole of the Damages and Expences fudained, but also a Penalty not

exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling; and for a second Offence shall, besides

paying the Damages and Expences, pay a Penalty not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than two Pounds

Sterling.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall neglect or re-

fuse to pay the aforesaid Conversions, or to work on the Highways when required, then it shall be lawful

for any two or more Judjces of the Peace, upon an Application ugned by the Collector, to grant summary

Warrant for didraining the Effects of the Defaulter for Payment of the converted Value before mentioned*

and One-third Par^more, besides the Expence of Execution ; and that the Justices of the Peace aforesaid,

or any two or more of them, shall award Damages to the triple Value, to be paid to the Perfcfti ag-

grieved by such Warrant or Warrants, if they shall find the fame occasioned by a false and improper Ac-

cufation; and in case the Collector shall fail to exact the aforesaid Conversion, he shall be liable, by

Sentence of one or more oF the said Justices, to pay triple the Conversion Money so omitted to be exacted

by him; and that no Person shall be prosecuted or punished, for any Offence against this All, after the

Lapse of six Months from the Offence.

XXIX. And be it Am her enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall con-

fider him or themselves aggrieved by any Order, Procedure, Sentence or Judgment, with respect to any

of the Matters or Things by this Act referred to the Determination of the said Commissioners, it shall and

may be lawful to and for Arch Person or Persons to appeal or apply for Redr&fs to the Justices of the Peace

for the said County, in their then next Quarter Sessions (giving fourteen Days previous Notice to the

Parties interested or complained of) j but in case there shall not be fourteen Days tili the next Quarter

Sessions, then such Person or Persons shall be at Liberty to appeal to the Justices at their next subsequent

Quarter Siffions, who are herehy authorised and impowered to hear and determine the Matters inDi:pute,

and whose Judgment therein shall be final and conclusive, and not subject to the further Review of

any superior Court.*

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Expence of passing this Act shall

be settled and allowed by the Justices at their Quarter Sections, and shall be defrayed and levied by a Tax

upon the Heritors or Land-owners, within the said County of Linlithgnv, according to the Valuation of their

respective Lands, and shall be collcded by the Collector of the Land Tax, or any other Person apppointed

by the said Justices; and it is especially provided and declared, That no.Commissioner dull hold any Place

of Profir under this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be (deemed a Public

Ad ; and all Judges and Justices, and others, are hereby required judicially to take Notice thereof as such,

without the fame being specially pleaded.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the fevexal Hundreds,of Hartjmert,

lloxuV) and Thrediivg, in the County of Suffolk.

CAP.

