A.D. 177;. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III.’ C. 66=—65; 169

fAvowants, shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, she, or they, {hall have like Remedy as where Costs Treble 0§fl«.

t>y Law are awarded.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be P«Hi* Aa.

deemed a Public Act; and all Judges, or Justices, or other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice

thereof as such, without (pecialiy pleading the same.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for establishing a Nightly Watch within the Hamlet of Mile-end Old Town, in the Paiifh of Saint

Dunstan Stepney, otherwise Stebonheath, in the County of Middlesex.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for varying and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his

present MajestyJfor making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City

rf Chester, to or near Middlewich and Nantwich, in the County of Chester.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Severn, at Maifmore, near the City of Glou

cester\ for railing, widening, and securing Over's causeway, leading from the said City

towards Maifmore aforesaid and for enforcing the proper paving and cleansing of the

several Streets within the said City, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances there*

from, and preventing the like for the future.

Wl HEREAS a Bridge was, about (ixty-six Years ago, built with Brick and Stone across the River

€ » Severn, in the Parish of Maifmore, and near the City of Gloucester, and in the Turnpike Road

4 leading to the City of Worcester, determined by the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Maifmore, by a Fine of two

4 hundred Pounds set on them at a General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held lor the County of Glou-

4 cejier, in Easter Sessions, one thousand seven hundred and nine, on their pleading Guilty to an Indict-

4 ment found against them for not repairing their Bridge called Maifmore-bridge, and the Highways in the

said Parish, and by a voluntary Gift from the County of Gloucester by Order of the said Seifi ms, and

also by other Subscriptions; which said Bridge, since the Time of building, ha3 been of public Utility \

4 but the said Bridge not being built sufficiently itrong, has for a considerable l ime been in a ruinous Condi*

4 tion, and was lately totally destroyed by means of the Equinoctial Tides and great Floods: And whereas,

.* in order to prevent the Communication between the said Cities, and many Parts of the Counties of

4 Gloucester, Worcester, and other Counties and Places, from being totally flopped, a temporary Bridge

4 has been built of Wood by certain Persons at their own private Expence: And whereas it is necessary

4 for the public Convenience, that a substantial and safe Bridge should be built in the Room of the former

4 Bridge so destroyed as aforesaid May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.

44 Trustees appointed for building a Bridge across the Severn. When Trustees die, or refuse to act, new

44 ones to be chosen. Qualification of Trustees. Penalty on acting if not qualified. Meetings of Truf-

44 tees appointed. In default of a sufficient Number, the Clerk to adjourn. Trustees to pay their own

44 Charges, ifc. Orders to be made at Meetings only, iffc. A Bridge to be built of Stone, &c. across

44 the River Severny at Maifmore, near the City of Gloucester. Materials of the old Bridge veiled in the

44 Trustees, who are impowered to contract with the Proprietors of the Wooden Bridge; but if they rc-

44 fuse to fell the Bridge, &c- Trustees may cause it to be taken down, and a new temporary Bridge to be

44 built. Persons damaging the Bridges, to forfeit treble the Value of the Damage. Trustees may erect

44 Toll-houses, fc. and take the following Tolls: For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Ox, Mule, or Afs,

44 drawing any Carriage, Three-pence: For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Ais, laden or un-

44 laden, and not drawing, one Penny: For every Drove of Oxen, or Neat Cattle, Ten-pence per Score \

44 and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Hogs, or

44 Lambs, Five-pence per Score. Tolls vested in the Trustees, tsV. and may be levied by Di ft refs. In-

44 habitants of Maifmore, &c. not to pay Toll going to their Meadows. Inhabitants of Gloucester, MjiJ-

44 more, &c. to pay Toll but once a Day. Trustees may vary the Tolls. If the Bridges shall, by Ac-

44 cident, become impassable, an occ&fional Ferry may be set up. Trustees may provide a Ferry till die

*4 temporary Bridge shall be passable, 13c. Trustees may borrow 5000l. and assign the Tolls as a Secu-

44 rity. Securities, &V. to be entered in a Book. Assignments not exceeding <;o/. maybe transferred by

44 Jnaorfement only. Commissioners may appoint Officers, and pay their Salaries. Officers to account.

44 Officers refusing to account, or to pay the balance, it may be levied by Distress. On Failure of Dif-

44 tress, &c. the Party to be committed. Persons destroying Toll-gates, &V. to be adjudged guilty of

44 Felony. Actions on Behalf of the Trustees to be brought in the Name of the Clerk, who is to be re-

44 imbursed all Charges. Persons assaulting or threatening Collectors, &c. to forfeit not exceeding 40/.

44 nor less than 10s. When Bridge built, and the Money borrowed repaid. Tolls to cease. Certain

44 Meadows near the former Bridge to be let, and the Rents applied towards building, &c. Maifmore~

44 bridge. Proviso. Trustees of an Act 9 Geo. III. to cause Overs causeway to be widened, &c. Persons

44 liable to Repair of the causeway, to remain so. Trustees may borrow i,2©o/. Trustees may take

44 Grave], Sand, &c. from The Town-ham. Persons injuring the causeway, to forfeit not more than

m t / nor Ida than 20 s. OnSept. 22, yearly) three Persons to be chosen our of each Parish in Gloucester,

Vol. XIII. Part L Z at

