S3*

Persons holding

Places of Piofit

under this A<fl,

incapaSk of act-

ing as Trustees.

Penalty on Per-

fons adk ng as

TiuMcef, if not

qualified.

Power to deepen

end enlarge the

Harbour,

Mips to be left in

the Breastworks

f« r launching

Vessels.

Part of the Warte

below Abcrylt-

wytli Bridge veil-

ed in TruAcei.

TruAeei enabled

to contra^ with

Persons for re-

pairing the Har-

bour*

Property of the

Piers, Quays,

he. veiled in

Traftcw*

C. 26. Anno vicesimo Georgu Ilf, ;A.D. 1780.

clear yearly Value of forty Pounds or more, or having two hundred Pounds Property or upwards, for

twelve Months at lead preceding the Day of such Election, in one or more Vessel or Vessels belonging to

the Port of Aberystwyth^ charged and chargeable with the Rate or Duty of Tonnage hereby impoted), as

they shall think proper, to be a Trustee, instead of the Person so dying, reJigmng, or being disqualified.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, Th3t in case any Person herein-before named and appointed a

Trustee, or who shall be eltfted a Trustee in pursuance of this Act, shall take or accept of any Place of

Profit arising or to arifeout of the Rates or Duties hereby granted, or /hall be concerned or imerefted ia

any Contraft or Bargain made or to be made for executing all or any of the several Purposes of this Act,

each and every Person, from and after the Time of accepting such Place of Profit, and during the Time

he shall hold and enjoy the fame, or shall be concerned or inlerefted in any Contraft or Bargain

as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby declared incapable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of

this Act.

Vf. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person herein before-named and ap-

pointed a Trustee, or who shall be elected a Trustee in pursuance of this Act to put the fame in Exe-

cution, shall not, at the Time of his acting as such, be qualified in Manner herein-before mentioned, each

and every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any

Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record,

determined by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Efloin, Protection, or

Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed ; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove

that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otf erwife shall pay the said Penalty upon Proof given of his having acted

as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said first Monday in July, one thousand seven

hundred and eighty, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they, or any five or more

of them, are hereby impowered to order and direct the said Harbour of Aberyftwyih to be scoured and

cleansed from Gravel, Sand, Shingle, Dirt, Mud, and all other Obstructions whatsoever; and also to

raise and make, or cause to be raised and made, sufficient Works from Time to Time, for improving, en-

larging and preserving the said Harbour, or to repair, take down, and remove such Works, or any of

them, as Occasion shall require, for more cffcftually securing, enlarging, and preserving the said Harbour;

and to cleanse, scour, and deepen the Channels of the Rivers Rheidiol and Yftwyth, ana erect such Locks

or other Works in or across the said Rivers, or either of them ; as also such Docks, Locks, Piers, Jet-

teaus, Quavs, Breaftworks, or other Works, Buoys, Mooring-posts, Cranes, Engines, Lamps, Light-

houses, ana Landmarks, as shall from Time to Time be adjudged necessary by the said Trustees, or any

five or more of them, as well for improving, enlarging, and preserving the said Harbour, as for the safe

and commodious Entrance and Reception of all Ships and Vessels resorting thereto, and the convenient

lading and unlading thereof.

VIII. Provided always. That proper and convenient Slips or Openings shall be left in such Parts of the

Breaftworks or Quays of the said Harbour, or of any Lock or Dock to be made in pursuance of this Act,

as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall adjudge necefTiry and direct, for the Purpose of

launching any Ships or Vessels which shall be built or repaired upon the Lands adjoining thereto.

4 IX. And, for the better enabling the said Trustees to complete the several Works aforesaid, and more

c effectually to put this Act in Execution,* be it further enacted and declared. That so much and such

Part of the Waileor Common lying between the Bridge at Aberystwyth and the Sea, on both Sides of the

Harbour, as shall extend to the Distance of f6rty Feet from High-water Mark, and also so much and such

Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground as shall be gained from the Sea by the erecting of any Pier, Jetteau,

or other Work, which shall be made or erected in pursuance of this Act, (kali be, and the fame are hereby

severally vested in the said Trustees and their Successors for ever, for the several Purposes of this Act; and

that from and after the said first Monday in July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, all Right of

Common in or upon the Lands so vested in the said Trustees, shall cease, determine, and be utterly ex-

tinguished ; and it shall and may from Time to Time be lawful to and for the said Trustees, of such Per-

son or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall direct arid appoint Fo* that Purpose, to com-

mence and prosecute any Action or Actions against any Person or Persons who shall molest, disturb, or

injure them in the Possession thereof, or of any Part thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any

five or more of them, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the making and doing all or any

Part of the Work or Business necessary to be done for cleansing, deepening, enlarging, and completing the

said Harbour of Aberystwyth % as also with any Person or Persons for Timber, Stones, or other Materiius to

be used therein, and keeping the fame in Repair when finished ; and all Con t rafts so made shall be binding

and conclusive to and upon all Parties and Persons whomsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Rates or Duties impbfed by this Act,

and also the Right and Property of all and every the Piers, Qyays, Wharfs, Docks, Locks, and other

Works to be erected, made, or done, in pursuance of this Act, and the Ground whereon such Works

shall be erected, shall be, and the fame are hereby severally vested in the said Trustees and their Successors

for ever for the Purposes of this Act; and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and

impowered to bring Actions, or prefer Bills of Indiftmentr against any Person or Persons who shall Real*

take away, break down, or spoil, any Works or Materials used or to be used in completing and maintaining

the said Harbour, or that shall do any Act, Matter, or Thing, whereby any Damage may accrue to the

fame; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered from

Time to Time to let out* for the best Rent that can be obtained* and in such Manner as they, or any five

er more of them, shall think proper* all or any of the Rates or Duties by this Act granted from Year to

Year, or for any Term not exceeding three Years; and also all or any such Wharfs, Docks, Quays,

6 Cranes,

