i8a C. 15. Anno decimo'Odavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778,

44 discharged by the Commanding Officer, The Clerks are likewise to pay, out of the Sums allowed for

44 contingent Expences, li.^rMan for Hospital Charges; and the Sums necessary for the Repaid of

44 Arms, and Carriage thereof Residue to be applied for the Benefit of the Regiment, ts'c. as the Field

44 Officers and Captains shall direct. Account of the said Sums to be made up yearly, &c. Money al-

44 lowed for contingent Expences of Independant Companies to be applied and accounted for by theCap-

44 tains. Clerk to retain Money in his Hands for his own Salary. When the Lord Lieutenant or De-

44 puties shall have fixed the Days of Exercise, they are to certify the fame to the Receiver-general, spe-

44 cifying the Number of Men, and Days they shall be absent from Home. Receiver-general to issue

ct thereupon Pay for Officers and Men to the Regimental Clerk, &c. Where there shall be Independant

“ Companies only, the Receiver-general is to issue Pay to the Captains, &c* according to the Rate here

44 set down. Clerks to pay over the Money to the respective Captains. Captains to make up their

44 Account according to the Form specified in this Act, which is to be signed by them, and countersigned

44 by the Commanding Officer, and delivered, with the Balance, to the Clerk, or Receiver-general.

4‘ Accounts allowed sufficient Vouchers. During the Time the Troops are embodied, and called out

44 into actual Service, and receive Pay as the King’s other Forces, all ray and Allowance from the Re-

44 ceivers-general is to cease. Receivers-general to pay the Allowances to Clerks of the General Meet-

44 ings, and to the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, upon producing Orders from the Lieutenant or

44 Deputy Lieutenants ; which Orders to be a Discharge to Receivers-general. Regimental and Battalion

14 Clerk to give Security for paying and accounting for the Monies received by them; the Bonds to be

44 lodged with the Receivers-general, and put in Suit by them, on Non-performance of the Conditions;

44 and they are entitled thereupon to full Costs and Charges, and /. per Cent, of the Money recovered j

44 the Residue to be accounted for to the Auditor. The Regimental and Battalion Clerks, and Captains

44 of Independant Companies, are to deliver in Accounts of their Receipts and Disbursements. Costs,

44 &c. where to be recovered. No Fee payable for any Warrant or Sum of Money issued in pursuance of

44 this Act. Officers on Half-pay serving in the Militia may receive the Subsistence-money payable to

44 Captains, Lieutenants, or Ensigns, they taking the Oath specified in this A& before a Justice. Re-

44 ceiver-general, upon receiving a Warrant from the Commanding Officer, certifying the Receipt of the

44 Cloathing, and an Order for Payment, is to pay the fame accordingly. If any Regiment, (hart

44 cease, 3 s~ per Diem is to be paid to the Adjutant from such Time to 25th March, 1779. When Per-

44 Tons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia are unfit for the Service, the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices

44 may order a frefti Ballot. Colonel, may discharge such Militia Men who become unfit for Service

44 before the Expiration of their Term.”

Rtcifal of 16

Geo HI. C^p. 5.

v

All Goods, not

krin* the

Growt h, fee. of

Arr.euca,

•r othrr his Ma-

j.-fty’s D.vnr-

iwonr, that hive

been taken, or

lh:*U be during

the Continuance

of the recited

Act, and hroupht

into Great Bri-*

tai'i determined by ary >hip

properly 10m-

muhoned, to be

securcJ under the

King’s Locks ia

Warehouses, at

the Iipence of

CAP. XV,

An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respeeft to the bringing and landing

certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom.

4 1WHEREAS several Ships and Vessels, with their Cargoes, have been taken, and condemned as

4 y, pfjze> in pursuance of, and under the Authority of an A<ff made in the sixteenth Year of the-

4 Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of

4 New Hampshire, Massachusets Bay, Rhode Illano, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Penfyl~

4 vania, the Three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,

4 and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respeSlively ; for repea lr

4 ing an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, 44 to discontinue the landing

*4 and discharging, lading or shipping, or Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, at the Town, and withia

44 the Harbour of Bcjlcn, in the Province of Massachusets Bay,” and also two Acts% made in the last ScjJion

4 of Parliament, for refraining the Trade and Commerce of tl>e Colonies in the said A Sis respcfiiwly mentioned j.

4 and to enable any Per [on or Per fins, appointed and authorised by his Alai fly to grant Pardons, to ijfiue Pro-

4 clamations, in the Cafes and for the Purposes therein mentioned) : And wfiercas Part of the Cargoes of such

4 Ships and Vessels, which is now secured in the Warehouses at several Ports in this Kingdom, not being

4 Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any British American Colony or Plantation, or of

4 any other Place or Country under the Dominion of his Majesty, are subjedL by the Laws now in Forces

4 to the Payment of high Duties upon being imported into and used in this Kingdom ; which Duties, in

4 some Instances, being equal to the Value of the Goods, will not only be a Discouragement to the Cap-

4 tors and Importers thereof, but will put them under the Necessity to fend such Goods, for the future,

4 directly to foreign Markets, to the Loss of his M*je(ty’s Revenue, and the Prejudice of the Trade 6f

4 this KingdomFor Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and belt,

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual. and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That any Goods, not being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any British American Co-

lony or Plantation, or any other Place or Country under the Dominion of his Majesty, that have been,

or any Goods or Merchandises whatsoever which shall hereafter be taken during the Continuance of the

said recited Act, and which have been or shall be brought into Great Britain by any of his Majesty’s Ships

of War, or by any private or other Ship or Vessel having Commission from the Lord High Admiral of

Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for

the Time being, for that Purpose, shall and may, upon Condemnation thereof as lawful Prize, be landed

in any Port within this Kingdom, and secured under the King’s Locks, in Warehouses provided at the

foie Expence of the Captors, with the Privity and Approbation, and under the Care and Inspec5tion, oF

the Commissioners* or other principal Officers, for collecting and managing the respective Duties of

' Customa.

