580 C. 51.

Anno vicesimo Georgii in*

A. D. 1780.

P<*»lty on Nc-

»le£, kc.

'Cornmirttonen

of the Stamp*

duties are to de-

liver, to every

Person taking

out a Licence,

printed or writ*

ten Paper* t

Form

thereof.

during the Time any such Chaise of other Carriage as aforesaid shall be so used: And if any Person or

:Persons shall omit or neglect so to do, or mark or engrave, or eause to be marked or engraved, any false

or fi&ttious Name or Place of Abode, on any such Plate so to be affixed oq any such Coach, Berlin, Lan^

dau, Chariot, Chaise, or other Carriage as aforesaid, he, flic, or they shall forfeit, for every such Of-

fence, the Sum of five Pounds. ,

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Commissioners appointed for

managing the Duties arHing by Sumps on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall, at the Time of ifluiqg

such Licence as aforesaid, deliver, or eause to be delivered, to every Postmaster. Innkeeper, or other Per-

son, so to be licensed, printed or written Papers (intituled Stamp-Office Weekly Account) ; in w^ich shall be

inserted the Day of the Week, and Blanks left for the Number of Horses and Miles, and for the Day of

the Month, and the Names of the Postillions or Drivers employed, to be filled up as herein-after directed,

according to the following Form, or such other Form as the said Commissioners shall judge convenient

keeping such Accounts:

A. B.

Stamp-office Weekly Account,

of C.

Month and Day. % Week and Day. Names of Postillions or Drivers.

A- B. CD EF. G. H. | /. K. | L. M. Duty.

N6 of N° of N° of N° of 1 N° of N° of

s -1 f 2 n CO ? -1 to | 7T CO X 8 M 1 <r CO . 33 % to 2 5s CO 33 0 M • 2 a X 0 •n CO 2 O M

Sunday

Monday

Tuesday

JVednefday

Thursday

Friday

Saturday

And also certain

Ticket.

Ttnilty Of-

ficer* making

Default.

-Postmasters, Sec,

on receiving

their first Li-

cence, to give

Security for the

RedeKvery of

Tickets unac-

counted for. See.

And shall also deliver, or eause to be delivered, aNumber of Tickets, on which shall be printed or written

the Words (Stamp Office), and also the Word (Horses), and 1, 2, 3, 4, c, or 6, in Figures, as the Ticket#

may be intended to denote the Numbers; and likewise the Word (Miles), except where rhe Horses are

hired for a Day, or any less Period of Time, and then, instead of the Word (Miles), the Words (For a

Day) shall be inserted, and also the Amount of the Duty, at and after the Rate of one Shilling and fix

Pence for each Horse, according to the Number of Horses expressed by Figures on such Ticket, and shall

take especial Care that all Persons so licensed shall be fufRciently furnished with such Account and Tickets ;

and in case any Officer employed in the Execution of this Act, in relation to the said Rates and Duties,

shall refuse or neglect to do or perform any Matter or Thing by this A61 required or directed to be done

or performed by him, whereby any of his Majesty*s Subje£ls shall or may fullain any Damage whatsoever,

such Officer so offending shall be liable, in any Action to be founded on this Statute, to answer to the

Party grieved all such Damages, with Treble Costs of Suit*

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That each and every Post mailer, Inn-

keeper, or other Person, so licensed to let Horses for the Purposes aforesaid, shall, at the Time of receiv-

ing his, her, or their first Licence, give Security, by Bond, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in

the Sum of fifty Pounds, with a Condition that he, she, or they will, whenever thereunto required, re-

deliver, or eause to be redelivered, the Stamp-office Tickets which he, flie, or they may have received,

and that may remain unaccounted for by him, her, or them ; and that he, she, or they will also deliver to

the Person or Persons properly authorised, by the Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arifirsg

by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to iofpedl the fame (and to receive the Money due thereon),

the Stamp*office Account so delivered to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, faithfully made out, signed, and

attested, as herein-after directed, and make Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be due

and payable to his Majesty, in pursuance of, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act;

and also truly and faithfully to observe and perform all the Directions, Matters, and Things herein con-

tained, on his, her, or their Behalf, to be cbferved and performed ; and in case of the Non-performance

or Breach of such Condition, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the Persons so

.appointed by them, to eause each and every such Bond to be prosecuted according to Law; and in case

1 of

