539

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. C. 27;

(by Leave of the Court) at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he,

she, or they shall think fit; whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgments Audi be had, made,

and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where Defendants are allowed to pay Money

into Court.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Judgment, or other Pioceeding, touching Prorreni. p net

or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or xdfr *’'ivr

Offenders against this Act, shall bequashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removable aato or ,'‘

by Certiorari, or any other Writ or rrocefs whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at //>/?-

minster-, any Law or Statute to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That no Warrant, Mortgage, Alignment, Transfer, or other Se- Exemption from

curity, or any other Writing whatsoever, in pursuance of, or relating to the Execution of any of the Powers S.amp-duty,

or Authorities in this Act contained, shall be subject or liable to any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by Persons ap-rirv.

any Thing done irr pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief is hereby oth^r- ed m»y appeal to

wife provided, it shall and may be lawful for such Person to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any Ge- the Quarter Sef-

neral or Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Cardigan within fix Ca-

lendar Months next after the Cause of such Appeal shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving, or causing

to be given, fourteen Days Notice at the least in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, »4 Diy*

and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Trustees, and within four Days after NoUce*

such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with two

sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of, and pay such Costs as shall

be awarded by, the Justices at such General or Quarter Section; and the said justices at such Session, upon

due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance,

shall hear and finally determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such* Costs

to the Parties appealing cur appealed against, as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination

of such Justices thereupon shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Partre$.

XLV. And be it further enacted, T hat in case any Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted Limitation of

against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, twenty-one Days previous A<a,ons*

Notice thereof shall be given to-the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees; and every such Action or

Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not after-

wards, And shall be laid or brought in the County o\ Cardigany and not elsewhere; and the-Deicndant or

Defendants in all Actions or Suits so brought, shall and may plead the General Jflue, and give this Act General Ifluer

and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in

pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, or that such

Action or Suit was brought after the Time before limited, or shall be brought in any other County or

Place, that then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict,

or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or fufter a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action

or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be

given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, Treble Costs.

and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit

in other Cafes by Law.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a public Public

Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever,

without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for building a Bridge across the River Wye, between Whitney and Clifford, in . the.

County of Hereford.

WHEREAS the Ferry over the River Wye, between the Villages of Whitney and Clifford, in Preamble,

the County of Hereford, is frequently very dangerous, and sometimes impassable; and it would

4 be of great Convenience to the Public, if a proper and substantial Bridge, for the Passage of Carriages,

c was built over the said River, at or near the said Ferry: And whereas Tomkyns Dew Esquire (Lord of

the Manor of Whitney and Clifford aforesaid) is Owner of the said Ferry, and of the Soil of the Waste

and other Lands on each Side the River: And whereas Thomas Weale of the said Parish of Whitney,

■ 4 Francis Eves of The Hay, in the County of Brecon, Charles Ha\wood of The Sheepcott, in the Parish of

4 Clifford aforesaid, Lewis Chambers of the said Parish of Clifford, and John Philips of The Hay aforesaid,

4 Gentlemen, are willing, at their own Expence, to undertake to build, support, and maintain, such

4 Bridge as aforesaid; and the said Tomkyns Dew is consenting thereto, upon having a reasonable Com*-

4 pensation made to him for his said Ferry: But although the building such Bridge as aforesaid will be of

4 public Utility*, yet the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament:’ May.it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by,the King’s most Excellent:

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Thomas Weale, Undertakers Im-

Francis Eves, Charles Haywood, Lewis Chambers, and John Phillips, are hereby appointed Undertakers for [°st7nc 3°^

building, supporting, and maintaining the said Bridge; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said crXthcRiver

Undertakers, their JHeirs and Assigns, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, within Wye,

the Space of three Years next after the patting of this Act, at their own proper Costs and Charges, by them-

selves, their Deputies, Agents, Officers, Workmen, Servants, and others, to build a good And substantial

Stone

