26i

A. D. 1778. Anno decimo-oftaro Georgii Ilf. C. 52.

XVIII. Provided further, and be it also enabled. That no Suit in Equity shall be commenced by any

Assignee or Assignees of any such Prisoner’s Estate and Effe<fts, without the Content of the major Part in

Value of the Creditors of such Prisoner, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given in the

London Gazette for that Purpose.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk,

or other Officer acting as Cleric of the Peace of every respective County, City, and County Town, and

County Riding, Division, Cinque Port, Liberty, and Place, with whom any Schedules of the Estates of

any Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitives, shall be left, and his Successors, Clerk of the

Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, shall, on the reasonable

Request of any Creditor or Creditors of such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitives, or his or

their Attorney, produce and shew to such Creditor or Creditors, or his or their Attorney, in the Day-

time, the Schedule of the Estates of any such Insolvent Debtor or Debtors, Fugitive or Fugitives, which

shall be left with any such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace,

or his Predecessor in that Office; the Person. so requiring to fee and peruse any such Schedule, paying or

tendering to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or.other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, in whose

Custody any such Schedule shall be, or his Deputy, the Sum of one Shilling for his Trouble in searching for,

and looking out, such Schedule, and attending whilst the fame shall be perused by the Party or Parties re-

quiring to have the fame looked out, and to peruse the fame : And that a true Copy of every such Sche-

dule, ligned by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, in

whose Custody the fame shall be, or his Deputy, purporting the fame to be a true Copy of such Schedule,

without being wrote on stamped Paper, and for which Copy no more shall be paid than Sixpence by the

Sheet (each Sheet to contain seventy-two Words, and so in Proportion for a less Number of Words), shall,

at all Times, be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as legal Evidence of the fame: And if any Clerk of the

Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall, on reasonable

Request as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to any such Creditor" or Creditors as aforesaid, or his or

their Attorney, any such Schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the fame to be inspected as aforesaid, in the

Day-time, on such Payment or Tender as aforesaid being made to him ; or shall ask or take more than

after the Rate of Sixpence by the Sheet, each Sheet to contain seventy-two Words, .and so in Proportion

for less than seventy-two Words in a Sheet; or shall refuse to make and deliver a Copy of any such Sche-

dule, on being requested as aforesaid so to make the fame, and having the Money tendered to him for Pay-

ment of such Copy, after the Rate aforesaid ; shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of

ten Pounds; which shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at

Westminster% by Action of Debt, together with treble Costs of Suit, in the Name of any Person who shall

profectite for the fame: And one Moiety of which Money forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the Party

who prosecuted for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence

shall be committed.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted. That before such Time as any Assignee or Assignees as afore-

said shall enter on, or take any Profit from, any Copyhold or Customary Estate, as aforesaid, hq or they

shall agree and compound with the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors of whom the fame shall be

holden, for the Payment of such Fine or Income as, upon any Surrender and Admission thereto, hath here-

tofore been most usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such Agreement or Composition, the

,/aid Lord or Lords for the Time being, at the next Court, or some subsequent Court, which shall be holden

for the said Manor or Manors, after such Agreement made, shall admit such Assignee or Assignees Tenant

to such Copyhold or Customary Premises, according to the Custom of the said Manor or Manors of which

the fame shall be holden, for and during such Estate and Interest as the said Prisoner had therein at the

Time of his or her being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the Rents, Duties, Heriots, Customs, and

Services, payable and to be rendered in respectc of the said Copyhold or Customary Premises.

XXL Provided also. That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or affe6t any Estate or In-

terest, or Right whatsoever, of any other Person or Persons, other than the said Prisoner or Fugitive, which

may be expectant upon, or subjetft unto, the Estate or Interest of the said Prisoner or Fugitive, hereby

vested in the said Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace ; but

that the Estate, Interest, and Right whatsoever, of every other Person or Persons, shall remain, continue,

and be saved to them, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall ex-

tend, or be construed to hinder or prevent any Mortgage or Mortgages upon the Kftate of such Prisoner or

Prisoners, or any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, comprited

in such Mortgage or Mortgages respectively; nor to prevent any Statute-staple, Statute-merchant, Re-

cognizance, or Judgment, acknowledged by or obtained against any such Prisoner or Prisoners, to take

place upon the Lands, Tenements, or real Estate, of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and also where any In-

quifuion shall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution shall

have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer, upon any such Judgment before such

Discharge shall be given in open Session to any such Person as aforesaid, the personal Estate of every such

Prisoner respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first Place, for so much as shall remain due upon such

Mortgage, Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment respectively, in like Manqer as such Mortgagees and

Creditors, by Statute, Recognizance, or Judgment, would have been preferred to other Creditors of an

inferior Nature, against the real or personal Estate of such Prisoner and Prisoners respectively, if this Act

had not been made; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwith-

standing

4 XXIII. And whereas many Persons who may be in titled to, and claim the Benefit of this Act, are

4 f iled and poflHTcd of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to hold to such Prisoners for the Term of

Vol. XIII. Part II. Mm 4 theic

N*»SirittnFquitjr

to b" com-

rrenced, but br

Cpntcn* of M*.

joriry in Value

of Cted t'TS.

Clerk of the

Peace to exh'bit

to the Cr-ditor,

or l.is .Attorney,

on payment of

I t. the V hedute

of any Prisoner*

I Rate l

Attested Cory

whereof to be

atrrnc.i legal

Evidence.

Clerk of the

Peace refusing

to produce such

Scnedde, or t*

deliver a Copy

thereof, &c.

shall forfeit 10U

and Treble

Costs j

One Moiety to

the Prosecutor,

and the other

the Poor of the

Panrti.

Assigneei of Co-

pyhold or Caf-

tomaty Estate*

to compound

with the Lord

of the Manor,

and to be ad-

mitted Tenant*

thereupon.

The Prisoner*

R ght and In-

terest, &*e. only

to be afte:lcd by

this A&.

All Mortgage*,

&:c. to take

place preferable

to Chirm of as

inferior Nature,

