18 C. 8, 9. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

Duefton to

fire Notice in

the London Ga-

tette of the Day

of Eledtionbj

his A O ap-

pointed.

United Company until the said sixteenth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and

during the whole of that Day; and in respect to the said Directors elected in the said Years, one thousand

(even hundred and seventy-four, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and one thousand seven hun-

dred and seventy-six, fot the respective Terms of four Years; and as to all future Directors of the said

United Company to be elected for the Term of four Years, in case the said respective Terms of four Years

shall happen to expire before the second Wednesday in the Month of April in that Year in which the said

respective Terms of four Years shall expire, yet such Directors shall continue to be Directors of the said

Company until the second IFednesday in the Month of April in which the said respective Terms of four

Years shall end, and during the whole of,that Day; and in case the said respective Terms of four Years

shall not have fully run out on the said second Wednesday of the said Month of April, in any subseouent

Year, in whicK the said Terms shall respectively expire; in such case the fame Terms respectively shall end

and expire at the End of the Day on the said second Wednesday of the said Month of April in such Year in

which the said respective Terms of four Years shall end and expire, in the same Manner as if the whole

Term of four Years was fully run out; any Thing in the said recited Act of Parliament contained to the

contrary in anywifenotwithstanding.

4 III. And whereas Notice hath been duly given, that the Election of Directors in the Year one thou-

4 sand seven hundred and seventy-seven, will be on the thirteenth Day of April, one thousand seven hun-

€ dred and seventy-seven;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Directors of the said

United Company shall, within seven Days after the passing of this Act, cause Notice to be given in the

London Gazette, that instead of the General Election of fix Directors of the said United Company, in the

Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, for the Term of four Years, being made on Sunday,

the thirteenth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, the fame Election will be

made on Wednesday, the sixteenth Day of the fame Month of April; which Notice (together with the said

former Notice) shall be deemed and taken to be good and sufficient Notice of the said Election; any other

Law or Statute in any wise notwithstanding.

Preamble.

Ter font fnilty of

Kifh Treason in

Arr.erica, oral

Sea, or of Pi-

ray, or fufpttt-

thereof, may

be kept in Cuf-

tody til] Jan. if

*77*.

His Majesty may

appoint Places

of Confinement

for such Pri-

fenen.

"What Offences

£all He deemed

Piracy.

No Person po-

juflub'e by this

AO Icf Of-

fence committed

wi hm this

K-a'm.

Tni< AO rc con-

tinue in Ferre

till Jan. j, 1778.

CAP. IX.

An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of,

the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations

in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy.

% \\7 HEREAS a Rebellion and War have been openly and traiterously levied and carried on in cer-

VV tain of his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, and Acts of Treason and Piracy have

4 been committed on the High Seas, and upon the Ships and Goods of his Majesty’s Subjects, and many

4 Persons have been seised and taken, who are expressly charged or strongly suspected of such Treasons and

4 Felonies, and many more such Persons may be hereaftceio seised and taken: And whereas such Persons

4 have been, or may be brought into this Kingdom, and into other Parts of his Majesty’s Dominions, and

4 it may be inconvenient in many such Cafes to proceed forthwith to the Trial of such Criminals, and at

the fame Time of evil Example to suffer them to-go at large;’ be it therefore enacted by the King's most

Excellent Majesty, by apd with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That all and every Person

or Persons who have been, or shall hereafter be seised or taken in the Act of High Treason committed in

any of his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or in the Act of Piracy, or

who are or shall be charged with or suspected of the Crime of High T reason, committed in any of the said

Colonies, or on the High Seas, or of Piracy, and who have been, or shall be committed, in any Part of

his Majesty’s Dominions, for such Crimes, or any of them, or for Suspicion of such Crimes, or any of

them, by any Magistrate having competent Authority in that Behalf, to the Common Gaol, or other

Place of Confinement as is herein-after provided for that Purpose, shall and may be thereupon secured and

detained in safe Custody, without Bail or Mainprize, until the first Day of January, one thousand feveii

hundred and seventy-eight; and that no Judge or Justice of Peace shall bail or try any such Person or Per-

fons without Order from his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, signed by ux of the said Privy

Council, until the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; any Law,

Statute, or IJfage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

4 II. And whereas it may be necessary to provide for such rrifoners within this Realm some other Placed

4 of Confinement besides the Common Gaols;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and

may be lawful for his Majesty, by Warrant under his Sign Manual, to appoint one or moie Place or

Places of Confinement within the Realm, for the Custody of such Rrifoners; and all and every Magistrate

and Magistrates, having competent Authority in that Behalf, are hereby authorised to commit such Person*

as aforesaid to such Place or Places of Confinement, fotobe appointed, instead of the Common Gaol.

ill. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Offences shall be construed to be Piracy within the

Meaning of this Act, except Acts of Felony committed on the Ships and Goods of his Majesty’s Subjects

by Persons on the High Seas.

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby declared. That nothing herein contained, is intended, or shall be

construed to extend to the Cafe of any other Prisoner or Prisoners than such as shall have been out of the

Realm at the Time or Times of the Offence or Offences wherewith he or they shall be charged, or of

which he or they shall be suspected,

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in Force

until the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and no longer.

CAP.

