170 C. 69. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

y 44 >at the Vestry. Qualification of the Persons to be chosen, and of the Vestry-men. Justices to hold a

44 Special Sessions annually; at the first whereof to order a Plan for paving the four principal Streets.

44 Justices to give Notice to the Parish Officers to deliver in Lifts of Persons chose in Vestry $ out of which

44 Lifts they are to appoint Surveyors for the respective Parishes. Parish Officers, for neglecting their

44 Duty, shall forfeit 5 /.; and Persons for not executing the Office.of Surveyor, 1 cl. Duty of Surveyors.

44 Penalty on Neglect. Proviso. Streets'to be paved as the Surveyors direct. On Refusal of Owners,

44 Uc. to pave, the Surveyor may cause it to be done, and levy the Expences by Distress. Proviso. Te*

. 44 nants may deduct the Expences of paving out of their Rents. .Covenants between Landlord and Tenant

44 not to be vacated. Surveyors to give Notice to Inhabitants to alter Spouts, Signs, and Penthouses, Uc.

, 44 If Owners, Uc. neglect fourteen Days after Notice, Surveyors may cause the fame to be done, and

u recover the Expence from the said Owners, Uc. Penalty on Persons causing Annoyances, Uc. Steps,

44 Uc. projecting into the Footways to be altered as the Surveyors shall direct. Clause to enable the

44 Mayor and Burgesses, and the Dean and Chapter, to fell or exchange Lands, Uc. Footways to be

44 swept every Saturday. The Street Soil to be the Property of the Surveyors. Streets to be swept twice

*4 in every Week. Surveyors to keep Accounts of Money raised and expended by them. Justices to

44 order a Rate to be made- Rate may be levied by Distress. Penalty on Overseers refufin® to make or

44 cnlledt the Rate. Justices may provide a Place to lay Soil in Penalty on driving any Wheelbarrow,

u Uc. on Foot-pavements. Penalty on cauiing other Nuisances. Cattle not to be killed, Uc. in the

44 Streets. Swine or Cattle (landing for Sale, or found wandering, to be secured. Penalty. Penalty on

44 sifting Ashes, Uc. in the Streets. Hoards to be allowed under certain Restrictions. Limited Time for

44 emptying Boghouses, Uc. No Carriages to be left in the Streets, on Forfeiture of 10/. Width of

44 Wheels of Ciry Carts, Uc. Bow-windows, Uc. to be taken down. Penalty on Persons throwing

•44 Filth into the Severn^ &c. Recompence to be made for Damages done to or by Water-pipes. Penalty

44 on Persons assaulting Parish Surveyors, Uc. Expences of this Act how to be'paid. Persons aggrieved

44 may appeal to thq. Quarter Selfijns, whole Determinauon shall be final. If the Mayor, Uc. of Glou-

44 ce/ler are interested, then the Appeal shall be made to the Quarter Sessions for the County. Penalties

44 and Forfeitures how to be recoveied. Commissioners may reward Informers. Application of Penalties.

44 Distress not . to be deemed unlawful for want of Form, Uc. Plaintiff not to recover, if Tender of

44 Amends hath been made. Proceedings not to be quaftied for want of Form, or removed by Certiorari.

44 Writings to be without Stamps. Persons liable to repair Pavements, to continue so. This Act not to

44 extend to the Precincts of the Cathedral. The Rights of the Corporation of Gloucester, &c. teferved.

Limitation of Actions. General Hide. Treble Costs. Public Act.”

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, in the*

JLordships of Sawley and Long Eatony in the County of Derby, to or near Langley-bridge%

in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham.

4 XT7H ERE^AS the making a Cut or Canal, for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vef-

4 VV fels, from the River Tient^ at the Place where the fame joins or communicates with the Lord-

4 ships of Sawley and Long Eaton, in the County of Derby, through Part of the fame Lordships, and also

4 through Part of the several Lordships of Samly-acrty Stanton, Little HaUam, Ilkejione, Shipley, and East-

4 woody to or near Langley ^bridge, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, will render the Carriage of

4 Coal, Lime, Limestone, Timber, Lead, and all Kinds or Merchandile, to several Parts of rhe Counties

.4 of Nottingham^ Derby> and Leicester, much cheaper and easier than at present; which will be of great

4 Advantage to the Trade and Manufactures of the said Counties, and also to other Parts of the King-

4 dom, and will be of public Utility : And whereas the several Persons herein-after named are desirous, at

* their own proper Costs and Charges, to make and maintain the said Cut or Canal; but cannot effect the

4 fame without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it therefore please your Majesty that it may

4 be enacted, Uc.

44 Names of Proprietors, who are incorporated. Company of Proprfetors impowered to make a navi-

44 gable^ Canal from the Trent to Langley-bridge \ and to build Bridges, Sluices, Reservoirs, Uc.; and to

44 dig Gravel, Uc. in any Grounds contiguous to the Canal; and to make Towing-paths, Uc. making

44 Satisfaction for E>amages to Owners of Mills, Lands, Uc. Proprietors impowered to cut through two

44 small Gardens. The Map and Book of Reference to be authenticated and copied, and to be aumitted

44 as Evidence. Canal to be made pursuant to Plan and Book of Reference. Names of Land-owners not

44 being in Book of Reference, to be no Obstruction in making the Canal. Lands may be entered for

44 making Surveys, Uc. Breadths of the Canal and Towing-paths. Watering-places for Cattle to be

44 preserved. Company to make Drains, Uc. for conveying Water from adjoining Lands. Bodies Po-

44 litic, Uc. impowered to sell and convey Lands, Uc. Agreements, Conveyances, Uc. to be inroiltd.

44 Copyhold Rights to be preserved. Commissioners appointed : Their Powers. If Parties refuse to sub-

44 mit to rhe Determination of Commissioners, Uc a Jury to be impannelled. Jurors may be challenged.

44 Witnesses to be examined on Oath. Verdict of the Jury, Uc. to be final. Value of Lands, and Da-

44 mages sustaincJ, to be distinguistied. In case Proprietors refuse to accept the Recompence offered, the

44 Company may nevertheless use the Lands, Uc ; but the Proprietors may apply to the Commissioners,

or to a Jury, for Satisfaction. Penalty on Sheriff, Jurors, Uc. for Neglect of Duty. How Expences

44 of Juries mall be paid. Persons requesting a Jury, to enter into Bond to profecuie, Uc. Commis-

44 sioners

