3-2 2

snJ on Panffi

Officers for Ke-

elect* of Duty.

The second and

sixth Sections of

the Articles of

War to be read

to new-raised

Men, Scc.

Commissioners

to certify that

they are in lifted,

and that the ad

and 6:h Sectiqns

of the Articles

of War were

read to them,

Ac.

Names of the

Mcn,Parish, Ac.

to be entered sa

a Book.

AUefleJ Copy

there.if to be

transmitted,

within 40 Da; s,

to the Admi-

ralty, &c,

on Penalty of

20 I.

Aj psication of

the Penalty.

Rewards for

C*mmiiiioners

Uciks,

Officers to pay

to the Parish

Officer', for

their Trouble,

ao». for every

fut h Man j

and to the

Churchwardens,

&c. from 10 s.

to 40 *. if such

Man have a

Wife or Fa-

roily ;

as shall be set-

tled by the

Comm Abners;

and 6 d. per

Diem to the Pa-

ri (h Officers for

the Time they

shall have kept

him,

Pifputes rrhtinst

thereto to be

Comn ifiloners

may a lot, out of

the Morey al-

lowed to Pai i(h

Officers, 2 1. to

the Hi^h Con-

ftjbles.

Eveiy Person

voluntarily in-

Infffip himself

intitled tq 3 1.

3 s Bounty-

Money,

C. 10. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1779.-

Fine not exceeding ten Pounds ; and to cause every such Fine to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Of-

fender's Goods, rendering the Oveiplus (if any be) to the Owners, and to pay the said Fine to the In-

former or Informers.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Commissioners, or such

of them as {hall be present at such Meeting for lifting of Soldiers as aforesaid, shall cause the second and

sixth .Sections of the Articles of War, against Mutiny and Desertion, to be read to every Man raised by

virtue of this Act, in the Presence of the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners shall tender to

every such Man the Oath directeJ by the third Section of the Articles of War to be taken by such Per-

fons as voluntarily enter into his Majesty’s Service (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby au-

thorifed to administer) ; and the said Commissioners, or any three of them present, {hall, and they are

hereby required forthwith to certify, under their Hands, that such Person or Persons is or are duly inlisted ;

setting forth the Name and Parish, or Jaft Place of Abode, of him or them respectively, if known, and

that the second and sixth Sedlions of the Articles of War, against Mutiny and Desertion, were read to him

or them, and that he or they had taken the Oath mentioned in the said Articles of War, or had refused to

take the said Oath, and {hall deliver such Certificate, together with such Men, to the said Officers or Per-

fons appointed to receive them ; and that it {hall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers to confine

such Person or Persons until he or they {hall take the said Oath ; and such Person or Persons {hall be

deemed and taken to be inlisted to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and {hall and may be proceeded

against as if he or they had taken the said Oath according to the said Articles of War ; and the said Com-

missioners shall also forthwith cause an Entry or Memorial to be made, in a Kook or Books to be kept by

them or their Clerks for that Purpose, of the Names of such new-raiftd Men, of the Parishes or Places

of their lift Abode (if they can be known), and of the Time and Place when and where such Men were

delivered to the said Officers or Persons appointed to receive them, and the Names of the Officers or Per-

fons who received them, and for what Regiment or Company they were so received, and the Sums paid ;

and {hall cause true Cop:es or Duplicates of such Entries, attested by the said Commissioners, or any

three or more of them then present, within forty Days after the delivering such Men as aforesaid, to be

transmltted into the Office of the Admiralty, or of his Majesty's Secretary at War for the Time being*; and

every Clerk, for every Neglect or Default in not transmitting the said Copies or Duplicates of such Entries

into the Office of the Admiralty, or of the Secretary at War, as aforesaid, {hall forfeit the Sum of ten

Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety

to such Person or Persons who {hall inform or sue for the same in some of the Courts of Record at IVeJl-

m'wfter, or the Court of Sessions in Scctland.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said several Clerks to the said Commissioners, provided

the said Copies or Duplicates be truly transmitted into the Office of the Admiralty or Secretary at War,

as aforesaid, {hall have and receive, by the Hands of the Paymaster of his Majesty's Land Forces and Ma-

rines, or one of them, such Rewards as the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the

Time being, upon Consideration of the Numbers of Men lifted in the several Counties, Cities, Boroughs,

or other Places, and the Pains and Charges of the several Clerks in this Service, {hall judge the said Clerks

severally and respectively to deserve.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Officers who shall receive impressed Men raised

in the Manner herein-before mentioned, {hall pay to the Clerk appointed by the Commissioners, for the

Use of the Officers of the Parish or Town so employed in the railing such Men, for their Pains and Ser-

vices therein, twenty Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain for every Man so impressed ; and shall

also pay, for every such Man who {hall have a Wife or Family, any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings,

nor less than ten Shillings, of lawful Money of Great Britain, to the said Clerk, to be by him paid

over, as is herein-after directed, into the Hands of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, for the

Benefit of such Parish or Township in which such Man shall have gained a Settlement, and whose Wife

or Family may become chargeable to such Parish or Township respectively; which Sum shall be settled

by the Commissioners present at the Meeting when such Person shall be inlisted or entered, or any three

or more of them, Regard being had to the Number of Children, or other particular Circumftauces of

such Person so inlisted; for both which*Payments the Clerk shall give a Receipt; and the Sum of Six-

pence per Diem for keeping every such Man who shall be so delivered as aforesaid, according to the Num-

ber of Days that the Officers of the said Parish or Town shall have kept him in Custody, pursuant to

the Powers granted by this Act, until such Delivery; the said Allowances of twenty Shillings, and of

Six-pence per Diem, in case of Dispute, to be ascertained and distributed to and among the said Church-

wardens, Overseers, Constables, Headboroughs, Tithingmen, and such other Parish and Town Officers,

or any of them, according to the Judgment and Discretion of the said Commissioners, or the major Part

of them then present.

settled by the Commissioners.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Com-

missioners, or any three or more of them, in their respective Divisions, are hereby authorised and im-

powered, by and out of the said Sum of twenty Shillings, herein-before directed to be paid for the Use of

the Officers of the Parish or Town so employed in the raising of such Men, to allot and order such Sun*

as they {hall think fit to the respective High Constables, within their respective Limits and Jurisdictions,

for their Pains and Service in the Execution of this Act, not exceeding the Sum of two Shillings.

* XXXIX. And, for the Encouragement of fit and able Persons voluntarily to enter into his Majesty’s

c Service,' be it enacted, That every such Person who {hall, on or before the first Day of May, one thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty, voluntarily enter into his Majesty's Service, before the said Commissioners,

at their first or any subsequent Meeting, upon being duly attested, shall receive the Sum of three Guineas

from

