20S

C. 29.

Anno decimo o£tavo Georgii 1IT» • A.D. 1778.

The said Lands,

Tithei, &c. to

be freed from all

Trusts and Li-

mitations ex*

pressed in former

Alts of Parlia-

ment relating to

the said Hospi-

tal.

Other Lands to

be given in Ex-

change, and to

be veiled in the

Commissionen

and Governors,

Arc#

tad to be held

of the Duke of

Northumber-

land as of his

Manor of

Corbridge.

Commldioners

empowered to

let Leases,

without adver-

eifing the fame*

Expeiices of this

Alt how to be

paid.

Fttblic A a.

boundered on the Eall by wafie Ground belonging to the said Duke oF Northumberland, on the Weft and

North by Lands belonging to the said Michael Doubleday, and on the South by the River Alne, or by other

the right Metes and Bounds; one other Parcel ofGrcund, with the Appurtenances, situate near the Town

of Alnwick, being Part and Parcel of a Close or Parcel of Land called The Goose Close, and boundered on all

Sides by the Lands of the said Duke of Northumberland, and which said Messuage or Tenement, Garth,

Garden, and several Parcels of Ground, with the Appurtenances, are situate, lying, and being in the Pa-

rish of Alnwick, in the said County of Northumberland, and contain together by Estimation nineteen Acres

two Roods and twenty-seven Perches, be the fame more or Jess ; the Tithes of Corn and Grain, and the

Tithes of Hay yearly Coming, growing, and renewing, within the Stead Fields of Broxfield, called or

known by the Name of The Forefields, in the Parish of Embleton, in the said County of Northumberlandy

and the Tithes of Hay yearly coming, growing, and renewing, in Le Stank, and the Meadow thereunto

adjoining, called or known by the Name of Ginfield, otherwise Gynfen Meadow, in the Parish of Alnwick,

in the said County of Northumberland fall which laid Tithes were formerly belonging to the Monastery of

Alnwick aforesaid); and a MdTuage, Burgage-house, or Tenement, and Garth, with the Appurtenances*

and Half Acre of Ground, more or less, in a Field called The Hather Leazes, situate at IVarkworth, in*

the Parish of IVarkworth, in the said County of Northumberland.

II. And be it further enacted. That all and every the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and-

Hereditaments, so to be exchanged with the said Duke of Northumberland as aforesaid, {hall he and enure

to, for, upon, and subject to such and the same Uses, Estates, Trusts, Powers, Provisoes, Declarations^

Restrictions, and Limitations, as are now subsisting of and concerning the Estates of the late Duke of So~

tntrfet, in the faiJ Parishes of Alnwick and IVarkworth respectively, freed and discharged, and absolutely.

acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and against, all the Uses, Estates, Titles, Trusts, Powers,

Provisoes, and Limitations, expressed and declared in any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore made con-

cerning any Estates veiled in Trustees for the Use of the said Hospital, or in the said Commissioners and-

Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Lands and Grounds at

or in the Parish of Corbridge aforesaid, to be exchanged with the said Commissioners and Governors of the—

said Royal Hospital, for and in lieu of the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Heredita-

ments, in Alnwick, Embleton, and Warkworth aforesaid, shall be veiled in the Corporation being the Com-

missioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, their

Successors and Assigns, to the Use of them the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital*

and their Successors and Assigns for ever, freed and discharged, and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and

exonerated, of, from, and against all and every the Uses, Estates, Titles, Trusts, Powers, Provisoes, and*

Limitations, in and by any Will, Deed, or Settlement, by which the fame is or are now held or enjoyed,

or now or at any Time heretofore hath or have been made, created, or declared of and concerning the

fame; but nevertheless to, for, upon, and subject to such and the fame Trusts, Limitations, and Uses, as

are by any Act or Acts of Parliament or otherwise limited, expressed, and declared, of and concerning the

several Estates of the said James late Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Ratcliffe, which are now veiled in

the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further declared and enacted. That the Lantfs and Grounds at or

in the Parish of Corbridge aforesaid, so to be exchanged with the said Commissioners and Governors of the

said Royal Hospital, shall, from and after such Exchange, be held of the said Duke oI Northumberland, as

of his Manor of Corbridge, by the like Tenure, and under and subject to the like (but not to any IncreafeJ

Quit-rents, or Free Rents and Services, as such of the said several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes,

and Hereditaments, in Alnwick, Embleton, and IVarkworth aforesaid, so to be given in Exchange as afore-

said, as are lying within and held of the respective Manors of Alnwick and IVarkworth, are now respectively

held by and subject to.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it

shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, and

their Successors, from Time to Time, when and so often as they shall think proper and expedient, to

make, grant, and execute Leases or Demises of any Mines or Minerals within or under any of the Lands

or Grounds veiled in them, and also of any such of the said Lands or Grounds as they shall deem necessary

and proper to be demised, together with such Mines or Minerals, for any Term of Years, not exceeding

twenty-one Years, and from Time to Time to grant Renewals of such Leases or Demises, without adver-

tifing the Letting of such Mines or Minerals, or the Lands so thought proper or Intended to be let there-

with ; provided that no such Renewals do exceed the Term of twenty-one Years from the Time of makirg

thereof, and that such Rents, Duties, Terms, and Conditions, shall be reservr&d, made payable, and

agreed upon, as the said Commissioners and Governors, and their Successors, shall in their Judgments from

Time to Time think mod likely to increase the Revenue of the said Royal Hospital; any Law, Custom,

or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwiihflanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Colls and Charges of this Act frail

be paid in the Manner following ; that is to say. One Half thereof (except such as {hall be due and payable

to the Solicitor and Agents of the said Commissioners and Governors for his and their Trouble and Ex-

pences) shall be borne and paid by the said Duke of Northumberland, and the other Half thereof, together

with such as shall be so due and payable to the said Solicitor and Agents, shall be borne and paid by the said

Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be, and the fame is hereby

declared to be, a public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to take Notice

thereof as such, without foecially pleading the same.

VIII. Saving

