*3

A.D.1777* Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. C. u.

the Time seeing, or tny four of them, in Committee assembled ; and such Treasurer shall, and he is

hereby required, yearly and every Year, at the Quarterly Meeting of the said Committee herein-before

appointed to be held on the Monday before Michaelmas-day, in every Year, for the future, to return and

transnlit to such Committee, at such Quarterly Meeting, a true and perfect Account of all and every the

Sum or Sums of Money which shall have come to his Hands, or been paid by him, since the then last

yearly Account; which said Account shall be laid before the Justices of the Peace for the said Weft Riding

of the County of York, at their General Quarter Sections of the Peace yearly to be held next after Michael-

mas, by Adjournment, at Leeds, in the said Weft Riding, for their Inspetftion and Allowance.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case at any Time hereafter the Monies herein-before

directed and ordered to be paid into the Hand* of the Treasurer for the said Weft Riding of the County of

York, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall, after Payment of all and every the Charges and Expences herein-

before ordered and directed to be paid thereout, amount to the Sum of six hundred Pounds ; then, and in

such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices of the Peace for the said Weft Riding of

the County of York, at their General Quarter Sections to be holden at Leeds, as aforesaid, upon Applica-

tion made to them by the said Committee, or any seven of them, by Writing under their Hands, or upon

Application made to them the said Justices by fifty or more Matter Manufacturers of Combing Wool,

Worsted Yarn, or Goods made from Woifted, within the said Counties of York, Lanc/ifier, and Chester,

by Writing also under their Hands, to make Orders for reducing the aforesaid Twopence per Shilling,

which the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise are herein-before directed to retain in their Hands, to

Three-halfpence, One Penny, or a Halfpenny per Shilling, as they may think necefl'ary, until such Fund

shall be reduced to three hundred Pounds; and from Time to Time, upon like Application, to advance

or reduce the fame, so as the Fund in the Treasurer's Hands shall not exceed six hundred Pounds, nor be

reduced to less than three hundred Pounds, and so as the fame shall never exceed the Rate, Proportion,

or Sum of Twopence per Shilling, herein-before directed to be dedu&ed and retained as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Offender shall be con-

victed as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner , and Form following ;

(that is to say)

The Rate of ft 4.

in the Shilling

may be le-uted,

Ac.

How Justices

•re to proceed on

Conviction of

Offenders.

Persons ag-

grieved may ap-

peal to the

Quarter Sef-

iions.

€ T)E it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of our FormifCon-

c ^ Lord A. B. is convicted before me [or us] viaion.

* of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for [ specifying the Offence,

* and the Place where the fame was committed: and also specifying that it was the fifl, ft con d. or third Offence,

* again/} this Act, as the Cafe fall be].

4 Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.*

TVhich Conviction the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be fairly wrote on Parchment, and returned

to the next General Quarter Session of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town,

or Place, where such Conviction was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, and remain and be

kept among the Records of such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall

find him, her, or fhemselves aggrieved by any Order or Warrant made by any Justice or Justices, or upon

any Conviction before him or them in pursuance of this Atft, such Person or Persons may appeal to the

next General Quarter Sections to be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or

Place, where the Offence shall be committed, which shall not be held within fourteen Days next after the

Cause of Appeal shall arise, giving ten Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons discovering

the Offence on which the Conviction was made ; and if the Justices at the said Quarter Sections either

confirm or disannul the Orders or Proceedings of the said Justice or Justices, they shall allow such Colls

and Charges to the Party aggrieved thereby, as they shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such

Manner as is usual in Cafes of Appeal from any Order of the Justices of the Peace to the Sections, whose

Order therein shall be final.

XXII. Provided nevertheless, That the Person or Persons appealing to the next General or Quarter

Sections of the Peace as aforesaid, shall give Security, to the Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices,

to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to pay the Costs which shall be ascertained by the said General

or Quarter Sections, in case such Order or Judgment be affirmed ; and the Justices in the said General

or Quarter Sections are hereby authorised to hear and determine such Appeal, and to make Order therein,

and to award such Costs, as to them shall appear just; which Order shall be final and conclusive to all

Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable, by any Writ of Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of his

Ms jetty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or el(e where.

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted. That no Order, or other Proceedings, so

made or had, by or before any Justice of the Peace, in relation to the Piemifcs, shall be quashed or vacated

for Want of Form only.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be com-

menced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of

this Act, every such Suit or Action shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fad!

committed, and not afterwards; and shall be severally laid, brought, and tried in the Counties of York,

Lancaster, and Chester, as the Cafe shall happen, and not elsewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in

such Actions or Suits shall and may plead the General Ifluc, and give this Act and the Special Matter in General Issue^

Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of, and by the Au-

thority of this Act: And if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Suit or Action shall be brought

aficr the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other County or Place,

Person* appeal-

ing to give Se-

curity to prose-

cute, Ac.

Order of Juf-

ticei to be final*

Proceedings not

to b? qua/hed

for Want of

Form.

Limitation of

Actions.

