499

A.D.

1779-

Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

C. 75, 76.

both within the County at large, and also within the County of such City or Town, for the Purpose of

carrying this Act into Execution, an^of transadling the Rufinei* of the Assizes for such County at large,

and fur the County of such City or. Town, during the Tune that such Judge or Judges (hull continue

therein for the Execution of-their several Commiflinns.

LXXI. And be it further tjnactedf That if any Suit or Action shall be prufecured against any Person or

Per Ions for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue,*

and give this Act or the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame

was done by the Authority of this Act*; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or

the Plaintiff. or Plaintiffs shall becotpe Nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Adtinn or Actions, after'

Hue joined; or if,on Demurrer, or other,wile. Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

the Defendant or Defendant? shall Recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame a4* any

Defendants have by Law in other Cafes; and though a Verdict shall be given for any Plaintiff, in any such

Aciiori or Suit as aforesaid, such Plaintiff shall.not have Costs against the Defendant, unleis the Judge, be-

fore whom the Trial shall be, shall certify his Approbation of the Verdict.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions, to be commenced against

any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall he laid and tried in the County

or Piace where the Fadt was committed, and shall be commenced within six Months after the Fadt com-

mitted., and not otherwise. ,

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That an Act, made and passed in the sixteenth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorise* for a limited Time, the Punifrnent by Hard Labour of

Offenders who, for certain Crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his Majesty s Colonies and.

Plantations; and which was continued by two subsequent Acts, the one made in the eighteenth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, and the other in this present Session of Parliament, till the first Day of

Jfdy, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, shall, with regard to such Offenders whole respective

Terms of Confinement under and by virtue of the said Acts are subsisting and unexpired at the parting of

this Act, continue and remain in Force till the End or other Determination of their said respective Terms;

the Time limited for the Expiration of the said Acts, or any other Matter or Thing, to the contrary not-

withstanding; save only that such Offenders so confined shall, from and after the said first Day of July, be

.subject to the Orders and Regulations herein-before contained, instead of those contained in the said for-

mer Act. -

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force until the first Day of June,

which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer; except with regard to Offenders whose respec-

tive Tcrm9 of Confinement under and by virtue of this Act shall be then subsisting and unexpired, with

regard to whom it shall cqntirmein Force till *he End or other Determination of their respective Terms.

.: V; c a p. lxxv. ,

An Act for removing' certain Difficulties with respect to the more speedy and effectual Man-

ning of his Majesty’s Navy, for a limited Time.

4 WHEREAS by several Acts of Parliament,* Persons under certain Descriptions are protected from

being impressed into his Majesty’s Service at Sea: And whereas it is equally just and expedient

that such Protections should not be used to obstrudl the public Defence in an arduous and difficult Coo-

4 jundlure;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal; arid Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act, passed in the second Year of the Reign of her Ma-

jesty Queen Anne (intituled, An Act for the Increase of Seamen, and better Encouragement of Navigation, and

Security of the Coal Trade), as grants any Exemption or Protection to any Apprentice or other Person from

being impressed, or permitted or suffered to lift or enter into his Majesty\s Sea Service; and also one Act

passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for the Increase of Mariners

and Seamen to navigate Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships or Vessels); and also so much of an Act,

passed in the second Year of his Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for the better supplying the Cities of

London and Westminster with Fish, and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof and to proto ft and en-

courage Fisherrnen), as grants any Protection to he Persons therein described from being impiefled into his-

Majesty’s Service at Sea; and also so much of an Act passed in the eleventh Year of his Majesty’s Reign

(intituled, An Act for the better Support and Efabiifmnent of the Greenland and IVhale Fifjery), as grants the

like Protection to the Persons therein described, shall be, and the fame are h;reby declared and enacted to*

be of no Force and Effect, for and during the Space of five Calendar Months, to be computed from the*

sixteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

II. Provided nevertheless, That the Suspension of the above-mentioned Acts, so far as they relate to Per—

fons serving on board of Ships and Vessels employed in the Coal Trade, shall not continue longer than

one Calendar Month, to be computed from the sixteenth Day of June aforeUid.

. III. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be sued or molested for taking and im-

pressing, or causing to be taken and impressed, within the Time aforesaid, any Person or Persons for his

Majesty’s Service at Sea, contrary to the Provisions of the before recited Acts, or any of them.

CAP. LXXVL

An-Act for augmenting the Militia.

4 '1WHEREAS by an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An

4 V y Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, dje everal Laws now in being relating to

fit*

the

Persons prose-

cu:ed under this

Act mav plead

the General ,

Issue,

and recover

Treble Costs.

Limitation of

Actions.

So /nuch of 16

Geo. 111. Cap.

43, continued at

relates to the

Terms of Con-

finement of Of-

fenders unex-

pired at the pair-

ing of this Act.

Continuance of

this Act.

Preamble.

Part of an Act*

a Annx, for In*

crease of Sea-

men, See. ;

and 1.3 Geo. flr

Cap. 17. 5

and Pair of

1 Geo. 111. Caps

and Part of 11

Geo. 111. Cap.

lu/pended for

f Mon hs, from

June 16, *779*

Erception in fa-

your of Persons

employed in the

Coal Trade.

No Person to he

molrfted for iro-

pressing, within

the Time af te-

said, cor.trary to

the recited Act a.

Preamble.

Recital of tha

Militia Act

'aGco. UhiT

