A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. C. 22, 23.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons

to whom any Alignment or Alignments shall be macfe by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more

of them, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money lent or to be lent and advanced, or any Annuity or

Annuities to be payable on the Credit of this A&, or who shall be intitled to the Money thereby secured,

shall and may from Time to Time, by proper Words to be indorsed on the Back of his, her, or their Af-

signment or Security, or by any other Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or

Hands and Seals, to be duly executed in the Presence of two or more credible Witnesses, assign or transfer

his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit, to the Principal and Interest Money and Annuities

thereby secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and such Assignee may and 19

hereby impowered to assign the fame again in like Manner, and so toties quoties; which Alignment shall be

in the following Form of Words, or to that Effecft, videlicet:

4 J Do hereby transfer this Assignment, with all my Right and Title to the Principal Money [or An-

4 A nuity, as the Cafe may he] thereby secured, and to all the Interest now due upon the fame, unto

4 his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day of in the

4 Year of our Lord

4 XIX. And, for the better regulating the Manner of setting up or continuing the Lamps in the said

4 Streets, Lanes, or Places, within the said City/ be it further enacted' by the Authority aforesaid, That

the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required

to proportion the Number of Lamps to be set up or continued id each Parish, according and in Proportion

to the Money raised in such Parishes respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates herem-ibefore granted {hall

be ’subje& and liable co the Payment of ail Money now due and owing, or which shall or may hereafter

be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the said recited Acts and this Act, and of all Interest due

and to grow due for the fame respectively.

XXL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said former Acts, as to all and

every Matter, Clause, and Proviso, therein contained, and also as to every Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture

thereby authorised to be imposed, or thereby inflicted for Offences committed, and the Manner of levying

and recovering thereof (except wherein otherwise provided for by this Act), shall be extended and extend

to thi9 Ad, and to the Rates and Assessments hereby authorised and directed to be made, laid, and af-

fest'ed, and be deemed Part thereof, and shall operate, be in Force, and be observed, enforced, and per-

formed in respect to this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpose9, as if the fame werd re*

peated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges and Expences incident

to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid out of the Money raised or to be raised

by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or prosecuted against

any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be

commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be

laid and tried in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint shall arise, and not elsewhere; and

the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Jffue, and give this

Ad and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereon, and that the fame was done in

pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any

Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in

any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants;

and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or fuft’er a Discontinuance

of his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon De-

murrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have

Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for

Costs of Suit in any other Cafes by Law.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a public

Ad; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever,

without specially pleading the lame.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the better Government and Regulation of the Poor in the Town and Parish of Maidstone, in

the County of Kent.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for tit

Encouragement cf Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesifs Navy; and

lor making further Provisions for those Purposes.

4 \\T HEREAS his Majesty, by Order in Council, dated the eighteenth Day of June, one thousand

seven hundred and seventy-nine, was pleased to order that General ReprifaU be granted against

the Ships, Goods, and Subjects, of the King of S^nin; and that as well all his Majesty’s Fleets and

4 Ships, as also all other Ships and Vessels that shall be commissioned, by Letters of Marque or General

4 4 Reprisals,

521

Alignments

may be trans*

ferred.

Form of Assign-

ment.

The Number of

Lamps in each

Parish to be in

Proportion to

the Money raised

therein.

Rates fuljeft t»

Payment of

Monies due on

the former Act«

and this Act.

Provisions of

former Act» ear-

tended to this

Act.

Expences of this

Act how to be

paid.

Limitation of

Actions.

General Issue*

Tieble Costs.

Public Act.

Preamble,

