The TITLES of the STATUTES.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common Stinted

Failure, and a certain Moor or Common, within the

Manor of West Witton* in the North Riding of the

County of York.

12. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Common Fields, Common Failures, Downs, and all

other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet, Vill, or

Tithing, of Ablington* in the Parish of Bibury, in the

County of Gloucester.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Common-

able Lands, in the Parish of Binton* and in the Hamlet

of Draytonr, in the Parish of Old Stratford> in the County

of Warwick.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Heath or Waste Land, and other

Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the

Parish of Colejhill, in the County of Warwick.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields within the Parish of Cobbam, in the County

of Surrey.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Grounds within the Township of Lepton, in the

Parish of Kirkheaton, in the Weft Riaingof the County

of York.

17. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Places, in

the Lordships or Liberties of Knight Thorpe, and Thorpe

Acre, in the County of Leicester.

18. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, cer-

tain Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township

-of AJkwith* in the Parish of Weston* in the County of

York, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons

and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of

Broom* in the County of Stafford.

20. An Act todifTolve the Marriage had between the Right

Honourable Hugh Baron Percy* Lucy* Poynings* Fitz-

payne* Bryan, and Latimer* and the Right Honourable

Ann Baroness Percy his Wife ; and to enable him to

marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act to enable Nathaniel Lee Aston* Esquire, and

the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Sur-

name of Lee before and jointly with the Surname of

Aston* pursuant to the Will of Baptist Lee Esquire, de-

ceased.

22. An Act to enable William House the younger, and

others therein described, to take and use the Surname

and Arms of Newell* pursuant to the Will of William

Newell Esquire, deceased.

23. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange

agreed upon between the Dean and Chapter of the Ca-

thedral Church of The Blessed Virgin Mary of Lincoln* and

the Right Honourable John Lord Monfon* of certain

Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Lincoln.

24. An Act for veiling certain Lands, Tenements, and He-

reditaments, in the Counties of Hertford and Bucks*

(the Settled Estates of Jane Willfon* * the Wife of George

Willfon Esquire) in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged,

and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the

Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

to be settled to the same Uses.

25. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain

Commons or Parcels of Waste Lands, called Dunffey and

Hajfcott Commons, within the Manor and Parish of

Kinver, otherwise fanfare* in the County of Stafford.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields*

Meadows, Furze, Leys, Stinted Common Pastures, and

Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Willingham, in the

County of Lincoln.

Vol. XIII. PartHI.

27. An Act for extinguishing the Cattle Gates or Leas

upon certain Stinted Pastures, within the Parish of West

Stower* in the County of Dorset\ and for allotting

Lands in Exchange for Part of the Glebe Lands, ana

for the said Cattle Gates or Leas belonging to the Im-

propriator of the said Parish.

28. An Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable

Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Common

or Waste Land within the Parish of Aven Daffet* in the

County of Warwick.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea-

dows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of

and within the Parish and Liberties of Badby, in the

County of Northampton.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-

mon Pastures, and all other Commonable Lands and

Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Mayfeyhampton, in the

County of Gloucester.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and all other Com-

monable Lands within the Manor and Parish of Himble-

ton, in the County of Worcester.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and all other Commonable Land, in the

Parish of Grafton Flyford* in the County of Worcester.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands,

within and belonging to the Township of Cropthorn* in

the Parish of Cropthorn, and County of Worcester.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste

Grounds, in the Parish of Elton* in the County of Hun-

tingdon.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, or Commonable Meadows, Pastures,

Lands, and Grounds, and Waste Land, within the Pa-

rish of Herberbury* otherwise Harbury, in the County of

Warwick.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

of and within the Hamlet and Liberties of Woodend* in

the Parish of Blakeffey, in the County of Northampton.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Open Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common or

Waste Grounds, within the Township of Stanton under

Bardon, in the Parish of Thornton* and County of Leiceffcr.

38. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, certain

Open Fields, Ings, Meadows, and Commons, or Waste

Lands, within the Parish of Huttoft in the County of

Lincoln.

39. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain

Commons or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Cain-

ham* in the County of Salop.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common

or Piece of Waste Ground within the Township of Fen-

wick, in the Parish of Campfal, in the Weft Riding of

the County of York.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Common Meadows, Common Failures, Com-

monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor

and Parish of Bucktaml, in the County of Gloucffcr.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open

Common Arable Field, and also certain Commons and

Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Deft

Knighton, in thcCountyof Dorset.

43. An Act to enable John Raincoci* and others therein

described, to take and use the Surname and Arms of

f 'Fleming*

