433

A. D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. , C. 58.

{hall be demanded or taken; and when the said Annuities shall be reduced to one thousand four hundred

Pounds, no more than one Half of the said Rates and Duties shall be demanded or taken; and that when

the said Annuities shall be reduced to four hundred Pounds, no more than one fourth Part of the said Rates

and Duties shall be demanded or taken ; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary hereof

notwithstanding.

4 IV. And whereas A(hcs, Breeze, and other Materials used in making Bricks, are frequently con*

4 veyed upon the said River, under the Pretence of being for manuring ot Land, whereby the Payment

4 of the Rates and Duties is evaded be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Allies,.

Breeze, and other Materials and Things which shall not be used for manuring of Land, shall be liable to

the Payment of the like Rates and Duties as are by the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, and this Act, granted for any Goods, Wares, Merchandise?, and Commodities (ex-

cept Coals, Culm, or Cinders} ; and itlhall and may be lawful for the Collector or Collectors appointed

by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, to demand, collect, and recover the said Rates and

Duties for all such Ashes, Breeze, and other Materials and Things, as such Collector shall have Reason to

apprehend are not intended to he used for manuring of Land, in such Manner, and by the fame Ways

and Means, as the Rates and Duties herein-before granted can or may be demanded, collected, and re-

covered ; any Thing in the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided nevertheless, That in case it shall afterwards be made appear to such ColleCtor, that the

Ashes, Breeze, or other Materials or Things for which the said Rates and Duties shall have been paid as

aforesaid, were for the manuring of Land, that then the Rates and Duties so paid shall be returned by such

Collector to the Owner or Owners of such Ashes, Breeze, or other Materials or Things, or his or their

Agents or Servants, upon Demand.

* VI. And, for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Timber and Wood, to be charged with the Pay-

4 ment of the Rates or Duties granted by the said recited Act, and this Act;* be it enacted and declared

by the Authority aforesaid. That whenever any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, navigated upon the

said River, Cuts, or Canals, shall be laden with Timber or Wood only, such Lading shall, for the Pur-

poses of the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and of this Act,

be deemed Twenty-five Tons, although the fame may actually be a greater or less Quantity; any Thing

in the said recited Act, or in this Act, or any Usage or Custom, to the contrary hereof notwith-

standing.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day

of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, so much of the said recited Act of the seventh

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as requires Persons having the Charge of any Boat, Barge,

Lighter, or other Vessel, to give an Account in Writing, as therein is mentioned, of the Quantity, Qua-

lity, and Weight, of the Goods? Wares, Merchandises, and Commodities, which shall be in such Boat,

Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, and also of the Quantity, Quality, and Weight, of the Goods, Wares,

Merchandises, and Commodities, which shall have been discharged or taken out of such Boat, Barge,

Lighter, or other Vessel, before the Arrival thereof at the Place where such Account is to be given, and a9

infliCb any Penalty on such Persons for not giving such Account, or for giving a false Account, shall be,^

and is hereby repealed.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after

the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, the Owners of, or

Persons felling any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, or any Person who shall deliver any Goods, Wares,

or Merchandise, on Account of such Owners or Persons felling the fame, on board any Boat, Barge,

Lighter, or other Vessel, to be carried or conveyed upon the said River, Cuts, or Canals, shall, and are

hereby required to give a true Account, in Writing under their respective Hands, of the Quantity, Qua-

lity, and Weight, of all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, ito the Steerfman or other Person having

the Care, Charge, or Management of the Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, on board of which such

Goods, Wares, or Merchandise shall be delivered, together with the Date of the Delivery thereof; and the

said Steerfman or other Person shall produce the said Account to the Collector or Collectors of the said

Rates or Duties, and deliver a true Copy thereof to every such Collector; and in case any such Steerfman

or other Person shall not produce such Account, and deliver a Copy thereof as aSorefaid, every such Steerf-

man or Other Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; and in case any such Steerfman or other

Person mall produce a false Account to any such ColleCtor or Collectors as aforesaid, the Person who shall

have signed Such faiSe Account shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pound?.

4 IX. And, for the better enabling the Collectors of the said Rates or Duties to. judge of the Truth of

4 the Accounts of Lading to be produced as aforesaid be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That,

from and after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, all Boats, Barges, Light-

ers, ind other Vessels, which mall be navigated upon the said River, Cuts, or Canals, shall be painted or

marked, in three different Places on each Side thereof, with graduated Figures or Marks, of proper Di-

menfions, at such Distances, and upon such Parts of the Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, as the said

Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall order, under the Direction of some proper and skilful Per-

son ; and so from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require; and the fame shall at all Times be kept so

marked, in a plain and legible Manner; and that, after the said first Day of January, one thousand (even

hundred and eighty, if any Boar, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, shall be navigated upon the said River,

Cut9, or Canals, not being painted or marked in a plain and legible Manner as aforesaid, according to the

true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Owner, or Person having the Care, Charge, or Management,

of such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, (lull forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

4 X. And whereas it might tend to the better Execution of the said recited ACis, and this Act, if the

4 said Trustees were obliged to hold more than one General Meeting in every Yearbe it therefore en-

aCled

All Aihcf,

Breeie, and Ma-

terials not used

for Manure, to

be subject to the

Rates;

but if used for

Manure, the

Rates shall be

returned.

Every Lading of

Wood shall be

deemed 25 Tons,

So much of the

former Act at

requires Steerf-

men to deliver

Bills of Lading,

repealed.

Owners of

Goods, or Per-

fom delivering

any on their Be-

half, shall give

Bills of Lading

to the Steer fmen,

who are to pro-

duce the fame to

the Collectors of

the Tolls.

Penalty on Ne-

gleet, iic.

All Vessels to bt

marked with

graduated Fi-

gures, denoting

their Bunhen ;

on Penalty of 51,

So much of the

former Act as

directs iheTruft-

