295

A. D. 1778. Anno decimo o£Uvo Georgii IIF. C. 68, 69.

tuation, and to keep the fame in Repair; and for applying the Sum of eleven thousand Pounds (to be

borrowed upon the Credit of the Surpluses of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund) to-

wards defraying the Expence of building the said Session-house.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for building a Bridge across the River Taivey, at a Place called The Wich Tree, in the Parish of

Lianfamletty to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Llangevclachy in the County of Glamorgan ; for making

proper Avenues or Roads to and from the said Bridge ; and also for repairing and widening the Road from

Pentre-brook, near a Place called Abcrdwyberthy, in the Parish of Saint Johns, near Swanfeay to the said

intended Bridge.

CAP, LXIX.

An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Stirling.

The Shire to be

divided into

Ei^ht

WHEREAS the Powers granted by Law in Scotland relative to Highways and Bridges, and the Preamble.

Services in Work and Money which are thereby authorised to be exacted and levied, have been

found inefficient to amend and keep in Repair the Roads and Bridges within the County of Stirling; and

that other and further Powers are necessary, in order effectually to carry the Intention of the said Laws

into Exei ution and as this cannot be obtained without the Aid of Parliament; may it please your Ma-

jesty that it may be enabled ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, for the more cafy and efFcftual Execution of the

Powers granted by this Act, the said County shall be divided into eight Districts, as follows 5 videlicet,

The first Dist rift, comprehending the Parishes of Buchanan, Drymcn, Ba\fron9 Killcarny Strath!lane, and

Fintry^ the Place of Meeting being Killcarn : The second District, comprehending the Parishes of Campfey,

Baldernocky Kiifythy and Kilpatrick, the Place of Meeting being Kilfyth: The third District, comprehend-

ing 1 he Parishes of Denny and Dunipace (excepting the Lands of Torw:cdhcad)y the Lands of Aucbenbowie,

Gang lorSy Bannockburny rleariy Shiocky Gardeufhy Blackhilly Saucbiey Chartejhalh Polmaifcy Balquhidercck

on theEast Side of Saint Ninian's Burny the Lands of Grcenyardsy Easter and Wetter, in the Parish of Saint

NinianSy the Weft Barony of Callander, SeabegSy and Cafllecarys in th * Parish of Falkirky the Place of

Meeting being Denny: The fourth District, comprehending the Parishes of Stirlingy Gargunnock and

Kippiny Saint NinianSy on the Weft of Saint Ninians Burny the Lands of Dundc,fj\ Craigengelt and Crin-

gateSy in the said Parish of Saint NinianSy the Place of Meeting being Stirling: The fifth District, com-

prehending the Parish of Alvay the Place of Meeting being Alva: The frxth District, comprehending the

Parishes of Logiey and Lccropty the Place of Meeting being Logie: The seventh District, comprehending

the Parishes of Polmonty Slamannany Muiravonftde9 and the Lands of the East Barony of Callander, in Fal-

kirk Parish, the Place of Meeting being Laurieston: And the eighth District, comprehending the Parish of

Falkirk (excepting as aforesaid), the Parishes of Airthy Larbert and Bothhennaty and the Lands of Tcvvood-

heady in the Parish of Dunipaccy the Lands of Powhouse9 Carnocky Kersey, Cowie, B 0 for nought, Throfky

PofibletreeSy and the two Bandeathsy in the Parish of Saint Niniansy the Place of Meeting being Falkirk.

ll. Provided always, That the aforegoing Division of the County into Districts, and Places of Meeting,

shall be subject to any future Alteration by any*general Meeting of the Trustees under this Act, which shall

be held at any Time before the annual general Meeting in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty,

and not afterwards: Provided always, That Notice of any intended Proportion for such Alteration of the

Districts, at any annual Meeting, shall be delivered, in Writing, to their Clerk, and advertised by him in

the Edinburgh Caledonian Mercury, once every Week, for three Weeks before such annual Meeting.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person, who is at present, or shall

be at any Time after the passing of this Act, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual

Possession and Enjoyment, as Proprietor or Life-renter, of Lands lying in the County of Stirlingy valued

in the Cess Book of the said County at one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, and the eldest Son of

every Person possessed of two hundred Pounds of valued Rent as above; and the Chief Magistrate of the

Town of Stirling for the Time being, and one Master of each Hospital, in the said Town of Stirlingy for

the Time being, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for making and repair-

ing the Highways, Roads, and Bridges, within the said County, and for executing all other the Powers by

this Act given and granted.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person not qualified as aforesaid shall act

as a Trustee, every such Person shall, for such acting, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds Sterling, to be

applied for Reparation of the Roads lying within that District in which he has acted, deducting therefrom

the Expence of the Prosecution, which may be raised and canied on at the Instance of any one of the Truf-

tees, before the Justices of Peace of the County, as herein-after mentioned.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trust-*f«, or any seven or more of

them, shall, in order to carry this present Act into Execution, meet at Stirlingy upon the eighth Day of

Juney one thousand seven hundred and ievemy-eight; and thereafter yearly upon the fame Dav, and at the

same Place, that the Commissioners of Supply for the said County of Stir rug shall be directed, by the

Land Tax Act of the Year then current, to aficmble for the* Purposes of aflefung the Lind, and of choosing

a Convcener, Collector, and Cleik ; and that the said Trustees f:> assembled, at the aforesaid general Meet-

ing, shall have Power, and are hereby empowered to adjourn to the r,< xt, or any after lawful Day, if they

shall fee Cause so to do, and to name a Prefcs or Chairman of their Meeting, and a Clerk during Pleafutc,

who shall attend the Meetings of the said Trustees 2nd fhdl enter their unolc Proceedings icgtilailyin a

Book lobe kept for that Purpose; and like wife shall, as often as required, by any Person or Persons having

<iq 2 an

The aforegoing

Dirifion may be

altered at any

General Meet-

ing before that

of 1780.

Qualification #f

Trustectt

Penalty on Ptr-

font acting with-

out the r.ectllary

Q^alifiCitior.k,

Time and Place

of Meet nz, and

Order cf Pio*

cceding.

