The T I T LE S- of

Linds, and Grounds, in the Parish of Legburny in the

County of Lincoln.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing-the fevera! Open

Fields* Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste

Grounds, within the Majors of Kighlcy. Yhwaitesf *nd

AlewJ}jolme% in the Parish of Kigbley, and County of York.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing the fevera] Commons

and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Matlock y in

the County of Derby,

14. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open Common

Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows, Common

Pastures, Wafto Lancia* and Commonable Places* in the

parish of $iarlton9 in the County of IVilts.

15 An Act for dividing and inclosing all and every the

^Common#, Moors, and Waste Grounds; within the

Township of Heaton* in the Parish of Bradford* in the

Weft Riding of the County of York.

io» An Act for dividing, allotting, and exchanging, the

Lands in the Common Fields and Common raftures,

and other Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Sal-

perton* in the County of douce (lex.

17. An Act for naturalizing Charles Henry Cazenovc and

David DievaU ,

i3. An Act for naturalizingBartholomew Huber.

19. An Act to effect an Exchange between Sir James

Peachy Baronet, and others, Trustees of an Almshouse,

of Charity, at retworth* in the County of Sussex, apd

George Obrien* Earl of Egremoniy of certain Lands and

Tenements belonging to the said Charity, for other

Lands and Tenements belonging to the said Earl of

Egremout•

20. An A&. for establishing and confirming an Agreement

madq between the Lord Bilhop of Norwich, and Robert

FeUotves Esquire, for the Exchange of certain Estates in

- the Cmmty of Norfolk.

if. An Act for veiling absolutely one third Part of three

Crofts of Land, and the Erections and Buildings th^Te-

on, with the Appurtenances, in the Parish of Layton.

otherwise Low Layton* in the County of Essex (dtvued

by the Will of John Smith deceased, for the Benefit of

the Poor of the rarilhes of Saint Switbin and Saint Peter

in Eqjlgate, in the City of LincolnJ9 in Trustees, to be

sold to ^Samuel Bofanquet Esquire, and for laying out the

Money thereby arifi.ig in the Purchase of other. Estates,

. to be settled and affuced for the Benefit of the Poor afore-

said, pursuant to the JDire&ions of rhe said Will.

aa. An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates, late

of John Norris Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for raising

Money to discharge the Legacies given by his Will, a/id

the Codicils thereto, remaining unlatched; and for other

Purposes.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Failures,

and other Commonable Grounds, whom the Manor and

Parish of Swinford, in the County of Ltice/icr.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com*

, mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and

.other Commonable Lands, within the Parish ami Li-

berties of East Farndon, in the County of Northampton.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open 2nd Com-

mon Fields, Common Failures, Common Meadows,

and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Pa-

ji(h, and Liberties of Grendon, in the County of North-

ampton.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Fields, Commons, Cairs, and Waste Grounds, within

the^Lordship or Manor ofLljorntoU) in the Noith Riding

of the County of York.

a;. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

the. STATUTES.

mon Fields* Common Pastures, Common Meadows*

and other tommonable Lands and Grounds, of and

jvithin the Manor and Parish of Tiff eld in the County

of Northampton. * -

2$. An Act for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk,

Common, and Shackace, in and over the Common

Fields, and Half Year Lands, lying within the Parishes

of Suithcnjc and Keiling, in the County of Norfolk, and for

dividingana allotting cerrainWarrens, Heaths, Commons,

Waste Lands, and Commonable Grounds, within the

said Parishes ; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and

Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and

Commons, in the Parishes of NorthiU and Sandy, in the

County of Bedford.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common

called Northwood or Northwood Common. in the Town-

ship of Noke* in the Parish of Pemhridge^ and Count/

of Hereford.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open'Com-

mon and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Teirtriff\

and also a certain Parcel of Open Common and Waste

Lands. called Gwern-y-mynydd% within the Manor o(

Hopton, in the County of Montgomery.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, within the Parish of Ickenbam* in the County of

Middlesex. ,

31. An Act to enable James Bigot Esquire, an Infant

ilately called James Godin), and the Heirs Male of his

lody, and all other Persons who shall become intitled

to the Efhtes late of Peter Bigot Esquire, deceased, un-

der the Limitations comaineJ in his Will, to take and

use the Surname of Bigot, ourfuant to his said Will.

34. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Henry Haldimand.

35. An Act for dividing, a bating, and nclosing, the Com*

mons,Open Fields, and Common Pastures, in the Liberty

of F'ndern, in the Parish of Mickleover, and County of

Derby.

56. An Act for dividing, allowing, and laying in Severalty,

the Open and Common Fields, and Open Downs, with-

in the F ir:ihes of tt ’‘nr mi after and €ofley, in the County

of Wilts* and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the-

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste

Lands, within the said Parishes.

3-. An Act f>r dividing and inclosing several Commons

and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Qldfwtuford* in the

County of IVc reefer.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Commons and Waste Grounos, within the Manor and

Hamlet of Hiltony in the Parish of Marjton upon D<rJef

in rhe County of Derby.

39. An Act for naturalizing Lewis LocLee.

40. An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of Part of the

Estates settled by the will of the most Noble Robnt late*

Duke of Ancaster and Kefteven, deceased, in Trustees,

to be sold, for paying off Deots and Incumbrances affect-

ing the said Estates \ and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

41. An Act to enable John On! Esquire, and John Trim

Esquire, Trustees named in the Settlement maH* pre-

vious to the Marriage of the Honourable Thomas Gnfciv

with Arabella his now Wife, to fell the Rents. Service?,

Duties, Reliefs, Heriots and other Dues and Payment?,

payable, or to be performed or rendered, by the Tenants

of the several Manors or Lordships comprised in ih- said

Settlement, and to enfranchise the Copyhold Tcncm-n s

held of such Manors or Lordships, and for laying nut the

Money which shall arise by such Sale and Enlianchife-

, mint

