A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nona Georg'h III; . 0.72*

4 Battalion, or Company, to ballot for other Men to serve in the Militia, where the Time of any Militia-

4 man shall be within four Months of its Expiration, when the Regiment {hall be embodied, and at a Dif-

€ tance from Home: And whereas Doubts have arisen how far. the fame Power extends when the Regi-*

4 meat shall be embodied, and within the County; and it is highly expedient that the said Clause should

4 be explained and made clear, so that no future Doubts may atife thereupon/ be it enacted by the Au-'

thority aforesaid, That all the fame and like Powers, Directions, and Provisions, given by that Act to the

Commanding Officers, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices, and others, with respect to the ballotting for proper

Men to serve in the Militia, in Lieu of others, four Months previous to the Expiration of their Time,

when embodied, and at a Distance from Home, shall be, and are hereby continued and given to the Com-

manding Officers, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices, and others, to proceed to ballot for such other Men,

and to execute the Powers necessary thereto, at any Time within four Months previous to the Expiration

of their Time, when the Regiment, Battalion, or Company, (hair be within the County, Riding, or

Place, to which it belongs, or in any other County, Riding, or Place; and further, that the Command-

ing Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Company, Xhall have Power to discharge such Number of Men

of his Regiment, Battalion, or Company serving therein, whose Times of Service are within the Time of

the Expiration aforesaid, and to receive such other Men, in Lieu thereof, as shall be so ballotted, or in-

rolled and sworn in as ballotted Men or Substitutes, at any Time within the Term so allowed, whether

the Regiment shall be within the County, or absent from Home in any other Part of the Kingdom; and

the Time of the Service of such Men so received^ sworn in, and inrolled, shall commence at any Time

within the Term allowed as aforesaid, or at the End thereof. ,

ered to discharge so many of hii Men whose Time of Sendee it near expired, as there are others ballotted at aforesaid to supply their

XXII. And whereas it frequently happens that Persons drawn, by Ballot, to serve in the Militia, ne-

c gleet to appear, agreeable to the Order of the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace, to be sworn

in and inrolled, or to find a Substitute to serve in their Stead, or to pay the Sum of ten Pounds, and such

4 Persons so neglecting have not sufficient Effects whereon to levy the said Sum by Distress and Sale, and

4 by the Laws now in being, in case they are apprehended for such Failure or Neelect, can only be pu-

€ nished by three Months Imprisonment in the House of Correction, which Punishment is by no Means

4 adequate, when the Militia in which they are drawn to serve are embodied/ be it therefore enacted, for

Remedy thereof. That, from and after the passing of this Act, whenever any Person drawn, by Ballot,

to serve in any Militia Regiment or Company, shall neglect to appear to be sworn in Or to find a Substi-

tute to serve in his Stead, or to pay the Sum of ten Pounds, or (nail not have sufficient Effects whereon

to levy the same by Distress and Sale, and be afterwards apprehended, by Warrant from any Deputy

Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, for such Offence, instead of being punished by Commitment to the

House of Correction, as aforesaid, his Name shall be entered on the Rolls, and he shall be delivered over

to some proper Officer of the Regiment or Company for which he was drawn, and be compelled to serve

for the full Term of three Years from the Time of his Apprehension, and be liable to the fame Puni(h-

ments for afterwards absconding, deserting, or otherwise, as if he had originally attended, and been duly

sworn and inrolled.

4 XXIII. And whereas, by an Act, passed in the Second Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act

4 to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws relating to the Militia Forces in

that Part of Great Britain called England, certain Powers were granted to Deputy Lieutenants and Juf-

4 tices to hold Subdivision Meetings, and to order fresh Ballots for the Purpose of filling up Vacancies, in

the Cafes therein mentioned, giving seven Days Notice of such Meetings 5 and Doubts have arisen to

4 what Cafes or Vacancies such Powers extend / be it enacted, That the said Deputy Lieutenants and

Justices shall, and they are hereby required, in all Cafes, when a regular Discharge of any Militia Man

shall be produced to them, from any Commanding Officer, certifying the Reason of such Discharge, and

that such Reason renders such Militia Man unfit for Service, to proceed to confirm the fame, and

also to cause the Lifts to be amended, and other Persons to be chosen to fill up such Vacancies, in like

Manner as in and by the said recited Act, or any other Law now in Force relating to the Militia, is di-

rected and provided.

XXIV. And whereas great Inconveniencies have arisen from certain Powers granted by an Act, passed

c in the eighteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Tear, beginning the twenty-fifth

4 Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; and for filling up Vacancies in the Militia, in

the Cafes therein mentioned\ be it enacted, That so much of the said Act as relates to the Powers granted

to Deputy Lieutenants and Justices, and to Colonels or Commanders of Regiments or Battalions, to dif-

charge Militia Men, and order fresh Ballots, before the Expiration of the Term for which such Militia

Men shall have been chosen by Lot, and inrolled to serve, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

. 4 XXV. And whereas, by the Militia Laws now in being, it is enacted, That his Majesty’s Lieute-

nant for every County, Riding, and Place, together with any two Deputy Lieutenants, or in the Ab-

4 fence, Removal, or Death, of his Majesty’s Lieutenant, any three Deputy Lieutenants, shall, for fe-

4 veral of the Purposes in the said Act declared, appoint Subdivisions of the said Deputy Lieutenants,

4 within their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, and shall ifi’ue out their Orders to the Chief Con-

4 (table, and where there is no Chief Constable, to some other Officer of the several Hundreds, Rapes,

? Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, within their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, to require,

4 by Orders under their Hands, the Constable, Tithing-man, Headborough, or other Officer, of each Pa-

4 mb. Tithing, or Place, within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divi-

4 (ions, to return to the Deputy Lieutenants, within their respective Subdivisions, at the Place and on the

4 Day appointed at the said first General Meeting, fair and true Lifts in Writing of the Names of all the Men

Vou XIII. Part IIL Rrr usually.

48s

The fame

Powers given by

that A& to

Commanding

Officers, Deputy

Lieutenants, &c.

respe&irg bal-

lotting four

Months previous

to the Expiration

of the Time of

Service, when

the Regiment,

&c. shall be ac a

Didance from

Home, are here-

by continued,

whether they are

in or out of the

County.

Commanding

Officer impow-

Places.

If any Person

ballotted to serve

in the Militia,

shall not appear

to be sworn in,

nor find a Sub-

stitute, nor pay

101. &c.

but Hull be af-

terwards appre-

hended, his

Name dull be

entered on the

Rolls, and he

shall be delivered

to a proper Of-

ficer, and com-

pelled to serve

three Years.

Deputy Lieute-

nant*, Sec. on re-

ceiving from a

Commanding

Officer a rernlac

Discharge of a rtf

Militia Man,

&c. are to chulc

another in his

Stead.

Psrtof 18 C,eoi

III. Cap. 14,

repealed.

Recital of Part

of former Mili-

tia Laws relating

to the appointing

of Subdivificns

of Deputy Lieu-

tenants,

