A.D. 1779. Anno decimo jiono Georgii III. C. 57.

relative to the said Rates and Assessments: Wherefore, in order to put an End to such Controversies, and

that an Income may be provided in future sufficient for the Maintenance of the Vicar of the said Parish

of The Trinity, to be in Lieu of all Tythes and other Ecclesiastical Dues, within those Parts of the said

4 Parish which lie within the said City of Coventry and Suburbs thereof, except such Endowments, BeT

4 quests, and Stipends, as have been heretofore or shall be hereafter bellowed upon the Vicar of the said

4 Parish, and also except Surplice FeesMay it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it

enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiri-

tual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That the said Act, passed in the fourth and fifth Year of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, in-

tituled, An Act for the Payment of Tythes in the City of Coventry, shall, so far as the fame relates to the

Parish and Vicarage of The Trinity, in the City of Coventry> and Suburbs thereof, be, and the fame is

hereby declared to be repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That within thirty Days after the passing of this Act, and in Easter

Week in every Year afterwards, one Rate or Assessment shall be made, laid, and assessed, by Assessors

to be named and appointed as herein-after is mentioned, to be in Lieu of Tythes, and all Rates, Assess-

ments, or other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments claimed by the Vicar of the said Parish or Vicarage,

under or by virtue of the said Act passed in the fourth and fifth Year of the Reign of King Philip and

Queen Mary (Easter Offerings and Surplice Fees excepted), upon all and every Person and Persons who

do or shall inhabit, hold, or occupy, any House, Garden-ground, or Orchard for Sale, Shop, Warehouse,

Dyehouse, Malthouse, Brewhouse, Kilnhouse, or Workhouse, Yard, Barn, Stable, Shed, Cellar, Vault,

or other Tenement, by whatsoever Name or Description the fame may be known, of the yearly Value of

twenty Shillings or upwards, within those Parts of the said Parish of The Trinity which lie within the said

City of Coventry, and Suburbs thereof; which Rate or Assessment shall be collected quarterly, and made

and laid to raise one Shilling in the Pound per Annum, and no more, upon all and every such Premises

respectively, according to the yearly Value thereof.

III. Provided, That no such Rate or Assessment shall belaid upon any Dwelling-house only, the annual

Rent or Value whereof shall be under six Pounds.

IV. Provided also, That no Messuages, or other Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Orchards, or other Here-

ditaments, shall be construed or taken to be within the Suburbs of the said City, as to the Purposes of this

Act, the Situation or Situations whereof respectively is or are without and beyond the Limits of the fe-

veral Wards of the said City.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Vicar for the Time being, and the Parishioners, of the said

Parish of Trinity, who are liable to be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, shall meet at some Place in

the said City, on or before the fourteenth Day after the Day of passing this Act, and annually afterwards

upon the twenty-fifth Day of March, or within two Days after, of which reasonable Notice shall be

given in the Church on the Sunday preceding; and at such nrft and other Meetings, it shall be lawful for

the Vicar and Parishioners then attending, and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint two Per-

fons, Inhabitants of the said City, not being of the People called Quakers, %o be Assessors of the Rates or

Assessments hereby authorised to be made, laid, and assessed; one to be named by the Vicar, and one by

the Majority of the Parishioners then assembled; and every such Person so to be nominated and appointed

Assessors as aforesaid shall, before he presumes to act in the Execution of the said Office of Assessor, take

an Oath in the following Form, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said City, who

arc hereby directed to administer the fame:

4 T A, B. do swear, That in the Rate or Assessment which I shall make upon the several Premises within

4 those Parts of the Parish of The Trinity, which lie within the City of Coventry, and Suburbs thereof,

4 I will rate and assess each of such Premises at the true annual Value, according to the bed of my Skill and

4 Judgment; and that I will truly and faithfully execute the Trusts reposed in me by virtue of an Act of

the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty, for the better providing of a Maintenance for the Vicar of the

4 Parish of The Trinity, in the City of Coventry/

And if any Person so to be appointed Assessor, shall presume to act in the Execution of the said Office,

before he shall have taken the aforesaid Oath, he shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum

of five Pounds, to be recovered in any Court of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Inform-

ation, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed;

and that the Forfeitures or Penalties so to be incurred (all necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof be-

ing first deducted) shall be distributed, one Moiety thereof to the Vicar of the said Parifl), and the other

Moiety to him or her who shall inform or sue for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such Persons to be appointed Assessors as aforesaid, do and shall,

on or before the thirtieth Day after the Day of passing this Act, and in all future Years in Easter Week,

or within three Days after, according to the best of their Skill and Judgment, ascertain the full and just

annual Value which every of the Premises, by this Act authorised and directed to be rated and assessed,

k really and bona fide worth, to be let; and do and shall make one Assessrnent, according to the Rate here-

in-before set forth, upon the Inhabitants, Holders, or Occupiers, of every the Premises by this Act directed

to be rated or assessed; and do and shall, by Writing under their Hands, certify the Houses and other Pre-

roifes charged by this Act, together with the annual Values, estimated and ascertained as aforesaid, for or

in respect of the fame respectively, and the Names of the several Inhabitants, Holders, or Occupiers

thereof respectively, and the several Sums of Money charged and payable by them for or in respect of the

fame, by virtue of this Act; and likewise do and shall, on or before the said thirtieth Day after the Day

Vol. XIII. PartUI. Kkk of

429

A(\ of Philip

ami Mary re-

pealed.

Rates in Lieu of

Tythei.

Houses under 61.

per Ann. not to

be rated.

Proviso relating

to the Suburbs of

the City.

Two Assessors to

be appointed an-

nually.

Assessors to be

sworn.

Their Oath.

Penalty on Af-

feflors a (fling be-

fore they /hall

be sworn.

Afllflors Duty.

LjOc e

