116

long, i J-half

thick, and 4

v iAc ; and all

Pantiles 13

1 hdf Inches

Ion*; 9 1 half

W d", and half

an Inch thick.

Penalty on

making Bricks

or Tiles of itfs

Dimension*.

Mashes of

Sieves, &c. not

to be more than

a Quarter of an

Inch asunder.

All Contrafts

for ingrossing of

Bucks and 1 iles,

or for hindering

a free Sale there-

of, Sec. (hah be

void.

Penalty on

Brick makers,

&c. who, after

July I, I777»

shall enter into,

f^n, or continue

in, any such

Contract.

Penalties and

Forfeitures may

be levied by

Distress;

a^d shall he piid,

H At to the In-

/oru er, ana Hj f

to the Poor of

the Parish.

On Failure of

O.dress, Of-

fenJer to be

coai4ii(lcd.

How Tudices so

pocet d for Con•

vicV.on of Of-

fenders.

Form of Con-

vi&iou.

Information so

be laid within a

Month after Sale

Dchveiy, See,

C. 42. Anno decimo feptimo Georg 11 III. A. D. 1777.

for Sale in any Part of England, shall, when burnt, be not less than eight Inches and an Half long, and

not less than two Inches and an Half thick, and not less than four Inches wide ; and that all Pantiles

which shall, from and after the said fit ft Day of july> one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, be

made for Sale in any Part of England* shall, when bu nt, be not less than thirteen Inches and an Half

long, and not less than nine Inches and an Half wide, and not less than Half an Inch thick.

il. Arid he it further enacted. That all and every Person and Persons who, at any Time 0rTi1r.es

from and after the said hi ft Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, shall make any

Bricks or Pantiles for Sale, which, when burnt, shall be of less Dimensions in Length, Breadth, or

Thickness, than the fame are herein-before prescribed to be, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shil-

lings for every thousand of Bricks, and the Sum of ten Shillings for every thousand of Pantiles, and so

proportionably for a greater or leiler Number of Bricks or Pantiles that shall be so made for Sale, contrary

to the true Intent and Meaning of this A£L

III. And be it further enacted, That the Size of the Sieves or Screens for sifting or fereening Sea Coal

Afties to be mixed with Brick Earth in the making of Bricks, shall not exceed one Quarter of an Inch

between the Mashes of such Sieve or Screen.

4 IV. And, for preventing all Combinations amongst any Brick-makers or Tile-makers, in order to

* advance or inhance the Price of Bricks or Tiles,’ be it further enadfted, That all and every Contract or

Contracts, Covenant or Covenants, Agreement or Agreements, whether the fame be in Writing or nor,

heretofore made or entered into, or hereafter to be made or entered into, by or between any Biick-maker

or Tile-maker, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever concerned or interested, or to be concerned or

interested, in the making of any Bricks or Tiles for Sale, for ingrossing of Bricks and Tiles, or for re-

straining or hindeiing any Person or Persons whomsoevtr from freely felling the fame, or for limiting or

fixing any certain Price or Prices, under which the fame shall not be (old, shall be and are hereby declared

to be illegal, null, and void, to all Intents and Purposes: And if any Brick-maker or Tile-maker, or

other Penon concerned or interested, or to be concerned or interested, in the making of Bricks or Tiles

for Sale, shall, at any Time afrer the said fiift Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-sevenr

keep up, conrinue, act in, make, enter into, sign, fca), or be knowingly iniercfttd or concerned in any

such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, herein-before declared to be illegal, null, and void, or fhalK

knowingly aor officiate therein as Clerk, Agent, or Servant, to or for any Person so contracting, agree-

ing, or acting, contiary to the true Intent and Meaning of 1 his Add, every Person so offending (hull foifcit

and pay in Manner following; (that is to say) Every Brick-maker or Tile-maker, or other Person con-

cerned or interested in making Bricks or Tiles for Sale, the Sum of twenty Pounds ; and every Clerk*

Agent, or Servant, the Sum of ten Pounds ; one Moiety of which Penalties shal 1 go and he applied to the

Poor of the Parish where ihe Offence shall be committed, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons

as shall sue for the same, within six Calendar Months next afrer the said Offence shall have been com-

mitted ; to be recovered, with full CofL of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any

of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Efloin, Wager of Law, or Protection, (half

be allowed, or more than one Imparlance given.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and afrer the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred

and seventy-seven, all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted or authorised to be imposed, the Manner of le-

vying of which hath not been other wise provided for, shall and may, upon Proof of the Offences respec-

tively, and Comiction before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, wherein

the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or

Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Over-

plus, if any, after dedudling the said Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale,

to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and such Justice is hereby authorised and im-

powered to h-^ar and determine the fame, either by Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath of

one credible Witness, and is also authorised and required to grant such Warrant for the Purposes aforesaid,

and to administer such Oath gratis ; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures Hi a 11 from Time to Time be

paid, one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such OfFen ler or

Offenders shall live ; or in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures

shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required,

by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the com-

mon Gaol, or House of Correction, for the County, Riding, Division, or Place where the Matter shall

aiif>, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize;, for any Time not exceeding two Calendar Months,

unlc's such Penalties and Forfeitures, and ail reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or [u dices of the Peace, before whom any

Person or Persons (lull be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction

to be drawn up in the following Foim of Woids, or in any Form of Words to the fame Erf’eCl, as the Cafe

may be; videlicet:

€ * remembcred, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

4 A B. is convicted before me C. D. one of his Maj fts’s

4 Justices of the Peace fur the County or Place (as tht> Cafe may be); [Specifying the Offence^ Time ana Plaee

4 when and where the fume was cofnn.it ted, as the Cafe shall be J.

4 Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year aforesaid.*

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Penalty infl Cted by this Act, in respect of

the Dune niions of Bricks or Tiles, shall be recovered, unless the Information shall be laid within the Space

of one Calendar Month next after the Sale or Delivery of such Bricks or Tiles, nor shall any Person be

liable to more than one Penalty for any one Oifence.

9 VIII. And

