43+

re* to meet on

the full M> ndijr

in Jun»* yearly,

repealed,

First Meeting of

the Trusteet,

Three General

M*etirg* to be

held in every

Year}

»t Vk hich they

shall audit and

Jettle the Ac-

counts, and

canfe an Ab-

strafl thereof to

he made and en-

tered in the Book

of rhoirProvced-

iiifci.

AftfttwoYfarf,

theTrusteet shall

settle the Ac-

counts at two

several Meetings

in every Year.

No Money to be

borrowed till the

Accounts ate

settled.

Securities for

Money borrow-

ed, and Annui-

ties granted, to

. he valid*

Teufteet im-

ppwered to pay

o(V #ny Princi-

pal Monty now

due j

giving three

Months Notice.

. Proviso,

All Monies fe-

cured by rhe

farmer Ac's,

lhah also be

cha g;d upon the

p efrnt and for-

mer Rates, JAc,

Ttuflee5 net to

gyranr any A n-

r«utie- for the

future.

C. 58. Anno decimo nono Georgii III, A.D. 1779.

acted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited

Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as directs a General Meeting of the Trustees

to be holden on the first Monday in "June in every Year, and Notice to be given thereof, shall be, and is

hereby repealed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall hold a Meet-

ing for carrying the Put pees of the said recited Acts, and this Act, into Execution, at the Sign of the

Rcfe and Crown, at Enfield Highway, in the Parish of Enfield, in the said County of Middlesex, upon the

Monday Seven night atter the passing this Act, and may adjourn such Meeting from Time to Time pre-

vious to their first General Meeting (to be holden as herein-after mentioned), as they shall think proper;

and that the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall hold three General Meetings in every Year,

at or within the respective Times and Places herein-after mentioned; (that is to say) In the Town of

Hertford, upon the last Monday in July> or within six days afterwards; in the Parish of Waltham Holy

Crop, in the said County of Essex, on the last Monday in October% pr within fix Days afterwards; and in

the City of London, on the last Monday in January^ or within fix Days afterwards; and the said Trustees,

or any five or more of them, shall, at such respective General Meetings, appoint the Day, and the House

or Place (being within the respective Times, and at the respective Places, aforesaid) upon and at which

their then next General Meeting shall be holden; and the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being

shall, at1 such respective General Meetings, lay before the Trustees then aff mbled, a full State of the

Accounts relative to the Execution of the said recited Acts, and this Act, up to such of the Days follow-

ing, videlicet, Midsummer-day, Michaelmas-day, and Christmas-day, as shall happen next before the Day of

holding such respective Meetings, in order that the fame may be audited and settled; and the said Trust-

ees, at such General Meetings, are hereby required to examine and pass the said Accounts; and after the

fame shall be examined and passed, an Abstract thereof shall be made out, and signed by fivet;r more of

the said Trustees, and the fame shall be fairly entered in the Book of Proceedings of the said Trustees ;

and all Persons interested in the said Navigation may, at all convenient Times, have a Copy of such Ab-

straft, upon paying to the Clerk to the said Trustees the Sum of two Shillings and Six-pence; and in

case the said Trustees shall not settle and pass the said Accounts at any such General Meeting, then

such Meeting shall be adjourned to the seventh Day then next following, and so from Time to Time,

until the said Accounts mall be settled and passed, and an Abstract thereof made and signed as aforesaid ;

and after the said Accounts shall he completed as aforesaid, the said Trustees may adjourn such respec-

tive Meetings to such Place and Time, previous to the Time of holding their next General Meeting,

a^s the fawl 1 ruftees, or any five or more of them, dhall think proper.

XII. Provided nevertheless, That after the Expiration of two. Years from the passing of this Act, the

said Trustees shall be obliged to examine and settle the said Accounts at two at lean of the said three

General Meetings in every Year, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary hereof notwith-

standing.

XIIL Provided also, That no Money shall be borrowed by the said Trustees, until the said Accounts

shall have been settled, and entered as aforesaid.

( 4 XIV. And whereas Doubts may arise touching the Validity of some of the Securities granted by

1 the said Trustees; to obviate such Doubts, and to secure the several Creditors who have, bonafidt9 lent

and advanced their Money for the Purposes of the said Navigation;' be it enacted by the Authority

aforesaid,.That the several Principal Sums of Money so lent and advanced to the said Trustees, and the

Annuities granted by them, shall be, and they are hereby respectively declared to be charged upon the

Rates or Duties granted and made payable by the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of

.Kis present Majesty, and also upon the Rates or Duties by this Act granted and made payable; and that

the several Securities given and granted for the Payment thereof, are hereby declared to be valid and effec-

tual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes.

4 XV. And whereas Doubts have arrfcn touching the Power of the said Trustees to pay off any parti-

4 cular Securities for Money at Interest already granted, in case they find it necessary so to do;* be it

therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said

Trustees, or any seven or more of them, from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to pay off any

of the Principal Money borrowed and due upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties; provided three

Calendar Months Notice thereof, at the Icaft, shall be given in Writing, signed by them, to the Person or

Persons intitled to the Money so to be paid off, and of the Day and Place at and upon which such Money

will be paid; and in case the Securities given for such Money shall not be produced at the Time and

Place to be mentioned in such Notice, and upon Tender of the Principal Money, and all Interest then

due thereon, shall not be delivered up to the fard Trustees, or to their Clerk, that then the interest of

all such Principal Money shall from thenceforth cease, and be no longer paid or payable.

XVI. Provided nevertheless, That the Principal Money in respect whereof such Notice shall be given,

and also ihe Interest for the fame up to the Time mentioned in such Notice for the Payment thereof, shall

still remain due and payable, until the fame shall be received by the Person intitled to the fame.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all

Payments to be made, and also the Monies due and owing on the Credit of the said former Acts, shall be

payable as well out of the Rates and Duties created by this Act, as out of the Rates and Duties created

by the said former Acts, in the like Course of Payment, and with the fame Priority, and with the like

Remedies for Recovery thereof, as are directed in and by the said former Acts; any Thing in this Act to

jhc contrary notwithstanding.

X Viii And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Annuity or Annuities shall here-

after be granted upon the Credit of the Rates and Duties authorised to be collected by virtue of the find

8 recited

