525

A.D. 17So. Anno vicesimo (jeorgh III. C. 24,

the Collectors to be appointed by the said Trustees, as herein-after specified; and for which Receipts arc

to be given gratis in case the fame are demanded.

1 Vll. And, for the more effectual Execution of this Act, and of the Powers hereby granted,’ be it

further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees before-mentioned shall hold a General

Meeting (five of whom to be a Quorum) at the Town Hall of Kirkcudbright on the second Tuesday in June,

one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and shall form themselves into a regular Meeting, by chusing a

Prefes and Clerk (which Clerk shall continue in Office until the next General Meeting for imposing the

Land Tax), and shall proceed to concert and give proper Instructions for carrying this Act into Execution;

at which Meeting they are also to call for Extracts from the Books of the Clerk of Supply of the Valua-

tion of each Parish in the Stewartry (which Extracts the said Clerk is hereby ordered to mjke out, and

give in to the Meeting gratis): And the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised

and required to fix the Rate of Assessment or Conversion for Statute-labour to be levied in each Parish or

Division for that Year, although the previous State of the Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, may not be made

up, as herein-after mentioned. And the Clerk to be chosen by the Meeting as aforesaid, after finding

Caution for the faithful Execution of the Trust put in him, shall carefully ingross in a Book, to be kept

for that Purpose, the whole Proceedings of the said Meeting, and the Orders given by such Meeting, and

by every other General Meeting: And the said Trustees shall thereafter hold two General Meetings at

the said Town Hall of Kirkcudbright, the first of which shall be held upon the second Tuesday in October

yearly, at which they the said Trustees shall annually receive a Report from each Division (as herein-after

specified) of the State of the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries therein, with Estimates of the Expencesne-

ceftary for repairing them: And the other General Meeting of the Trustees shall be held at the same Place,

m)on the Day appointed by Act of Parliament for imposing the Land Tax; at which last Meeting, the

Clerk to the said Trustees is to be annually chosen, and the Rate of AflVfTment or Conversion, payable by

each Parish or Division for the Year ensuing, is to be fixed; and the said Trustees, or a Majority of them

present at the said General Meetings, are hereby authorised and impowered to adjourn such respective

Meetings to such other Time as they may judge proper; and the Clerk is hereby required to give, at

lead, ten Days previous Notice of such Adjournment in one of the Dumfries or Edinburgh Newspapers:

And the said Clerk shall also receive and ingross in a Book or Books the Reports made to the Genera]

Meeting from Division Meetings (herein-after to be specified); all which Books shall at all Times be open

and free for the Inspection of any of the said Trustees gratis: And that no Act, Order, or Proceeding of

the said Trustees, at any such General Meeting, shall be valid, unless made or done by a Majority of the

Trustees then present, such Majority not being less than five.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Stewartiy shall be classed

or arranged into eight Divisions; that is to say. The first Division to consist of the rariflies of Kirk-

cudbright, Rerrick, and Kclton. The second Division to consist of the Parishes of Borgue, Twynholm, Tung-

land, and Balmaghie. The third Division to consist of Girthon, Anwoth, and Kirkmabreck The fourth

Division to consist of Minnigaff, Kells, Carsfairn, Dairy, and Balmaclellan. The fifth Division to consist

of the Parishes of Parton, Kirkpatrick-Durham, and Crojjmichael. The sixth Division to consist of the

Parishes of Buitle, Orr, Colvend, and Kirkgunion. The teventh Division to consist of the Parishes of Kirk-

bean, New-abbey, and Troqueer. And the eighth and last Division to consist of the Parishes of Kirkpatrick-

Jrongray, Tereaglcs, and Locbrutton. In each of which Divisions the first General Meeting in June, one

thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall appoint a Conveener, who is hereby required to write, or cause

to be written, a Letter to every Trustee rending or having Property in the said Divisions, appointing them

to meet at such Place as may be most convenient for the Generality of the Trustees in the said Division ;

which Division Meeting shall not be later than three Weeks after the said General Meeting in June: And

the Trustees (three of whom to be a Quorum in the Division Meetings), when so convened, are to chuse

& Prefes and Clerk, and to proceed to execute the Instructions that shall be given to them by the General

Meeting; and may adjourn themselves from Time to Time as they shall fee Cause 5 and are to ascertain the

Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, most necessary to be made or repaired, and to contract with proper Un-

dertakers for executing the fame: And they are also to appoint a Collector for each Division, who

must find Caution, to the Satisfaction of the Trustees in each Division, or any three or more of them,

for the faithful Execution of the Tiuft reposed in him, and collect, at the Periods above fixed, the Assess-

ment or Conversion which the General Meeting shall have ascertained to be paid by each Class above spe-

cified in each Parish, in Conformity to the Lifts and Accounts made up and given in by the Assessors above

mentioned. And the Collector shall account faithfully to the Trustees in each Parish for the whole Mo-

ney he shall collect therein, and the fame shall be regularly entered in Books, to be kept by him for that

Purpose, and also reported to and ingrossed by the Clerk of the General Meeting. And the Collector shall

account every six Months, or oftener (if required by any three or more of the said Trustees), upon Oath,

to be administered by any two of the Justices of the reace in the said Stewartry: And in case any Col-

lector, after ten Days Notice being given to him for that Purpose in Writing by three or more of the said

Trustees, shall refuse to give in such Account or Accounts, and to swear to the Truth thereof, or shall

refuse to pay the Balance due thereon, to the Person or Persons appointed by the said Trustees, or any

three or more of them, to receive the same; then, and in such Cafes, it shall and may be lawful for any

two Justices of the Peace for the said Stewartry, to commit the Offender to the County Gaol, there to

remain until such Accounts, and all the Expences attending the Recoveiyof the Balance due thereon, shall

be paid and fully satisfied, or until he shall be liberated therefrom in due Course of Law.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees in each Parish, or any

two or more of them, shall meet at the Parish Church, on the first Thursday in October yearly, and there

make up particular States of the several Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, within the Parishes respectively, and

Estimates of the Sums necessary for making, widening, and repairing the said Roads, Bridges, and Ferries,

Vol. XIII. Part IV. Yy, for

Trustees to hold

a General Meet-

inginJunei/So;

to call for Vila-

irion Booksj

and to fix the

Rate of AftefC-

ment, See,

Clerk.

Two Ceneral

Meetings an-

nually,

who may ad-

journ.

Clerk to keep

Books.

Stewartry ar-

ranged into 04*

fifioac.

Conveners

Division Meet-

ings—their

Duty.

Business of Divi-

fion Meeting

Th-y may ad-

journ, Ac.

Division Col-

le&ort,

their Duty.

Must account ;

every fixMonths,

or oftener.

Penalty.

Parish Meeting

the first Thurs-

dav in O&rber

veaily, must

make of States

and Estimates,

