f 34-

to'produce a'Cer-

tificatr ot* his

P cO^ncc, under

the HjivM of

two P.cctor*,

Scc.; and, as

f 'on as the

Building are

completed t > in-

sure ih-m a-

gainst Fire.

Chufc forjro-

p.vtioniop. the

annual |Javnv n%

in nlc of DfAth,

or r ther Avcid-

a: ICC.

The O dinary

of a;$ Livi >g.

worth ioc I.

p r Ann. which

h v no proper

I+Oufe of Ha;'i-

t ti^p, m y (if

the Incumbent

n tthef to make

A on'ira ion,

&..) procure an

I'iima e, Scc.

and proceed in

t'e Ryrcu1 irn of

this AiJ-, in

I” eft Manner as

tht Patfon is <ii-

T'^ed to pro-

ceed.

AM Money *e-

Crive«< for Dila-

pi 'ationf, Sec.

fmll be aprlied

in Pa t of the

Pay • ents under

the aforeluid

Eltmale.j

•r in making

fe me additional '

Jrmrovemens,

See,

Where new

Puildings are

reccIT.iry for the

R ( fierree of the

Jnonnbrnt, the

O d i ary, &;c.

may p-rthafe

ar y tonvonient

Idot’fe, within

on? Mile of 'he

Church ; and a

<t rtjin Portion

ot Land.

C. 53.^ sAn’no decimo feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1777.

'Certificate shall be in the Form, or to the Effe#, contained in the said Schedule; and that every such

Incumbent shall, annually, at his own Expence, from the Time such Buildings, authorised to be made'

by this A#, (hall'be completed, insure, at one of the public Offices established in London or Westminster ,

for Insurance of Houses and Buddings, the House and other Buildings upon such Glebe, against Accidents

by Fire, at such Sum of Money as shall be rgreed upon by the Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent; and

in Default of the Payment of either the principal or Interest, in Manner aforesaid, or Neglect of the In-

cumbent-to make such Insurance, the Ordinary shall have Power to fequifter the Piofits of the Living till ;

such Payment or Insurance shall be made.

4 VII. And, in order that the Payment of such Year may be justly and equitably ascertained and ad-

4 jufied, between the Successor, and the Parson, Vicar, or Incumbent, avoiding such Living or Benefice

4 by Death or other wise, or his Representatives, in case of Death or other Avoidance, in such Proportions

4 as the Profits of such Living shall have been received by them respe#ively, for the Year in which such

4 Death or Avoidance shall happen be it further enacted. That in case .any Difference shall arise in ad-

juring or settling the Proportions aforesaid, the fame shall be determined by two indifferent Petfons, the

one to be named by the said Successor, and the other by the Person making such Avoidance, or his Repre-

fematves, in case of his Death ; and in case such Nominees shall not be appointed within the Space of two

Calendar Months next after such Death or Avoidance, or if they c.innot agree in adjusting such Propor-

tions within the Space of one Calendar Month after they shall have been appointed, the fame shall be

dttermined by some neighbouring Clergyman, to be nominated by the Ordinary, whose Determination

(h.d] be final and concluuve between the Parties; which No/r.iriations and Determinations shall be made

according to the Forms for that Purpose contained in the said Schedule, as near as conveniently may be.

VIII. And be it further enacted. That where there shall be no House of Habitation upon any Ecclesi-

aftieal Living or Benefice, so defenbed as aforesaid, exceeding in clear yearly Value one hundred Pounds

per or being one, the fame shall be so mean, or in such a State of Decay as aforesaid, and the

Incumbent shall not rdiJe in the Parish twenty Weeks within any Year, computing the fame from the

fbft Day of 'January, it shall be lawful for the Ordinary of such Living or Benefice, with the Consent of

the Patron (in case the Incumbent shall not think fit to lay out one Year’s Income, where the fame may

be sufficient, to put the H.uife and Buildings in proper and sufficient Repair, or to make such Application

as aforesaid, for building, repairing, or rebuilding such Parsonage House), to procure such Plan, Estimate,

and Certificate, as herein dire#ed, and at any Time, within the Course of the succeeding Year, to pro-

ceed in the Execution of the several Purposes of this A#, in such Manner as the Parson, Vicar, or In-

cumbent, is hereby authorised and directed to proceed, and to make and execute such Mortgage as afore-

said ; which shall be binding upon the Incumbent and his Succetfiors, and he and they shall be, and are ,

hereby made liable to the Payment of the Interest, Principal, and Costs; and every such Incumbent, and

his Reptefentatives, shall be, and are hereby also made respe#ively liable to the Proportion of the Pay-

ments for the Year which shall be growing at the Time of the Death of such Incumbent, or Avoidance

of such Living, according to the Directions aforesaid ; which said Interest, Principal, and Costs, and

Proportion of Payments growing at the Time of the Death of such Incumbent or Avoidance, shall and

may be recovered against: such Incumbent, his Successors or Representatives, respectively, byA#ionof.

Debt, in any Court of Record.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Sum and Sums of Money recovered or received, by SuiPor

Compofuions, from the Representatives of any former Incumbent of such Living or Benefice, and not

laid out in the Repairs of such Buildings, shall go and be applied in Parc of she Payments under such Efti-

mate as aforesaid ; and that all Money thereafter to be recovered or received, in case the fame cannot be

had before such Buildings are completed, and the Money paid for the fame, shall be applied, as soon as

received, in Payment of the Principal then due, as far as the fame will extend ; or in case the said Mort-

gage Money shall have been discharged, all such Money arising from Dilapidations shall be paid into the

Hands of the Nominee to be appointed as aforesaid, or of some other Person or Persons to be nominated

by the Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, in case such Nominee shall be dead, or shall decline to a#

therein, to be laid out and expended in making some additional Buildings or Improvements upon the Glebe

of such Living or Benefice, to be approved by the Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent; and in the mean

time, or in case such Buildings shall not be necessary, then rn Trust, to lay out the fame in Government

or other good Securities, and pay the Interest thereof to the Incumbent for the Time being.

X. Provided always, and be it further ena#cd, That where new Buildings are necessary to be provided

or ere#ed for the Habitation and Residence of the Re#or, Viyar, or other Incumbent, pursuant to the

Authority hereby given, it shall and may be lawful for the Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, of every

such Living or Benefice, to contrail, or to authorise, if they shall think fit, the Person so to he nominated

by them as aforesaid, to contract, for the absolute Purchase of any House or Buildings, in a Situation con-

venimt for the Habitation and Residence of the Re#or or Vicar of such Living or Benefice, and not at a

greater Distan^e than one Mile from the Church belonging to such Living, Benefice, or Chapelry; and

also to contract for any Land adjoining or lying convenient to such House or Building, or to the House or

Building belonging to any Parochial Living or Benefice, having no Glebe lying near or convenient to the

fame, not exceeding two Acres, if the annual Value of such Living, to be ascertained as aforesaid, shall

be less than one hundred Pounds per Annurn^ nor two Acres for every one hundred Pounds per Annum,

if of greater Value, and to cause the Purchase-money for such House or Buildings to be paid out of the

Money to arise under the Powers and Authorities of this A# ; in all which Cafes the said Buildings and

Lands shall be conveyed to the Patron of such Living or Benefice, and his Heirs, in Trust, for the (ole

-Use and Benefit of the Re#or, Vicar, or other Incumbent, of such Living or Benefice for the Time being,

and their SuccefTois, and shall be annexed to such Church or Chapel, and be enjoyed and go in Succef-

fion with the fame for ever; but no Contract so made by the Nominee shall be valid, until confirmed by

