204

that the Appel-

lant is over-

rated.

Persons intend-

ing to appeal,

are to five io

Days Notice to

the Aiieilbrs,

See.

Determination

of the Commis-

sioners to be

final:

Except, &c.

Persons diflatif-

fied with the

Determination

of the Commis-

sioners may, in

England or

Wales, appeal

to one of the

Justices of the

Court of King’s

Bench, &c.;

and in Scotland

to or.e of the

Judges of the

Court of Session,

or Barons of Ex-

chequer there.

No Stay of Pro-

fecution to be

admitted in any

Suir for Reco-

very of Penalties

infilled by this

Art.

Constables,

Neadboroufchs,

ice. to aftift in

the Execution

of this Art.

Persons sued for

executing this

Art, may plead

the General

I flue,

and recover

Treble Coftj.

Preamble.

C. 27. Anno decimo ortavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778;

said Commissioners are hereby authorised and empowered, upon every such Appeal, to abate or diminish

any such Assessment to be made as aforesaid, in such Manner as they shall think proper, and agreeable to

the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: And every Person intending to appeal to the said Commissioners

shall, and is hereby required to give, at the least, ten Days Notice thereof to any Assessor or A(TeflTors, Sur-

veyor or Surveyors, of the Parish or Place wherein such rerfon is assessed, of such Intention to appeal, and

such Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, may then and there attend to justify the said Assessment

and Surcharge; and such A (Fedor and Assessors, Surveyor and Surveyors, and Appellant, shall have full

and free Liberty to be present during all the Time of hearing such Appeals, and of the said Commissioners

determining the fame.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Appeals once heard and determined

by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or the major Part of them then present on the

Day or Days by them appointed for hearing of Appeals, shall be final, except as is herein-after directed.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Assessor or Assessors, Sur-

veyor or Surveyors, or the Persons so appealing, in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in Wales*

or in Berwick upon Tweedy shall apprehend the Determination made by the said Commissioners to be con-

trary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with

such Determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors*

or Appellant respectively, to require the said Commissioners to (late specially, and to sign the -Cafe upon

which the Qtieftion arose, together with their Determination thereupon; which Cafe the said Commission-

ers, or the major Part of them then present, are hereby required to (fate and sign accordingly, and to cause

the fame to be delivered to the Party making such Request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to

one of the Justices of the Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or to one of the Barons of the Court of

Exchequer for the Time being; and every such Justice and Baron is hereby required, with all convenient

Speed, to return an Answer to such Cafe so transmitted, with his Opinion thereupon subscribed thereto

according to which Opinion so certified, the Assessment which shall have been the Cause of such Appeal

shall be altered or confirmed: And that if such Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or the Person

so appealing, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall apprehend the Determination made by the

said Commissioners to be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall then declare him-

self or herself dissatisfied with such Determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Surveyor or

Person dissatisfied respectively, to require the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present,

to date specially and sign the Cafe upon which the Question arose,'together with their Determination there-

upon; which Cafe the said Commissioners are hereby required to (fate and sign accordingly, and to cause

the fame to be delivered to the Party making such Request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to

one of the Tudgcs of the Court of Session, or of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland; and every such

Judge and Baron is hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to return an Answer to such Cafe so

transmitted, with his Opinion thereupon subscribed thereto; according to which Opinion so certified, the

Assessment which shall have been the Cause of such Appeal shall be altered or confirmed: Provided always.

That notwithstanding any such Cafe so transmitted to any of the said Justices, Judges, or Barons? the De*

termination of the said Commissioners shall (land with respect to the Payments which shall become due

precedent so the Opinion certified by any such Justice, Judge, or Baron, upon such Cafe.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Stay of Prosecution, upon any Command,

Warrant, Motion, or Order, or Direction by non vult ulterius prosequi, shall be had, made, admitted, re-

ceived, or allowed, by any Court whatsoever, in any Suit or Proceeding, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint,

or Information, or otherwise, for the Recovery of all or any of the Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, upon

any Person or Persons by this Act inflicted or therein mentioned, for or in order to the Conviction or Difa-

bility of any Person offending against this Act

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Constables and Headboroughs, Tithingmen, and

other his Majesty’s Officers, shall, and are hereby required and enjoined to be respectively aiding and act'ift-

ing in the Execution of this Act, and to obey and execute such Precepts or Warrants as shall be to them

directed in that Behalf, by the respective Commissioners hereby appointed, or any three or more of them.

XLV. Ard be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any

Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in

pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall

and may plead the General I flue, and give the special Matter in Evidence, for his or their Defence; and

if, upon the Trial, a Verdict shall pais for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall

discontinue an Action, or suffer a Nonpros, or shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants

shall have Treble Coils awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several'additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar im-

ported into this Kingdom.

4 Aloft Gracious Sovereign,

c T 17 F, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

\V aif mbled, towards raffing, by the most cafy Means, the necessary Supplies to defray your Ma-

(4 jelly’s public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the

4 several Rates, Duties, 2nd Impositions, herein-after mentioned;’ and do most humbly beseech your Ma-

jessy that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

1 Advice

