176

collected by tht

CoUeltor* of tke

Lmd Tu

»ho flull be al-

lowed 5 pet

Cent*

Exemption of

iriUigr&t Per-

son*.

If Coo vet Hon be

not duly paid, it

may be levied by

Distrcis.

Per font apgrev*

od ihalj receive

7'reble Damage*,

Arc.

Every loot..

Bcots to pay t a.

10 d. Stealing

towards build-

ing, See, of

Bridges.

Trusteot em-

powered to bor-

row on the Con-

vection Money

of each PariA,

not exceeding

three Years

I icome}

and to atiign the

Convertior.a as a

Security.

Sscumios to be

entered in a

Book.

Trusteea em-

powered to

make Dr tins,

Bridges, ScQ,

anl to widen or

Brjighten.the

Beads.

C. 7. Anno decimo octavo Georg 11 III, A. D. 1778.

Conversion Money of the Statute Work of the Inhabitants and others redding within such RoyaJ Borough,

in case he shall be desired or required so to do by the Trustees or Commissioners of the District, at their

drft annual or any after Meeting, and shall be bound to account for and pay unto the said Trustees, or

any Person empowered by them, the Monies he shall so collect and receive, after Deduction of five Pounds

per Centum of the Sums so collected to be allowed him for his Trouble; and that under the Penalty of

five Pounds Sterling, to be paid by such Collector, to the Trustees or Commissioners of the District, for

every such Offence in refudng or neglecting so to do, which Penalty shall be levied and recovered in Man-

ner herein-after directed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for a Quorum of the said Truf-

tees to exempt and free from Payment of any Composition for Statute Work, all such Persons as shall

appear to them to be in indigent Circumstances, and unable to pay for the fame.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall neglect or refuse,

on or before the said respective Days, to pay the aforesaid Conversion when required, then it shall be

lawful for the Sheriff depute, or any two or more of the said Justices of the Peace, to grant summary'

Warrants for poinding the Effects of the Defaulter for Payment of the converted Values before-mentioned,

and One-third Part more, besides the Expence of Execution ; which Warrants shall be granted, and the

Sheriff and Justices aforesaid are hereby required to grant the fame, upon an Application made by the

Collector, and an Attestation signed by him, bearing that the Persons complained of had been deficient

in paying the Conversion before-mentioned.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly provided and declared. That the Sheriff-depute, or

the Justices of the Peace aforesaid, or any two or more of them, shall award Damages to theTreblo

Value to be paid to the Persons aggrieved by such Warrant or Warrants by the Collector, if they shall

find a false and improper Accusation has occasioned the said Warrant and Distress: And in case the Col-

lector shall fail to exact the aforesaid Conversions, he shall be liable, and, by Sentence of one or more of

the said Judges, be subjected to pay Treble the Conversion Money so omitted to be exacted by him.

€ XV. And whereas it his been (bund by Experience, from the great Number of Roads and Bridges,

4 and the daily Increase of Carriages, within the said County of frtgton, that the Sum of ten Shilling*

4 Scots upon each hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, authorised to be levied by the (ixtieth A ft of the

4 second Parliament of King Charles the Second, has been inefficient for keeping the said Roads and

4 Bridges in Repair, and for making such others a9 may be deemed necessary;' be it therefore further

enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of

Supply for the said County, or the Majority of those present at the Annual Meeting appointed by the

LandT ax Act, or any other adjourned or General Meeting in Time coming, to assess the whole County

to the Extent of twenty-two Shillings Scots, or one Shilling and Ten-pence Sterling, upon every one

hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent yearly, to be levied by the Collector of Supply at the fame Time

with the Land Tax of the said County, and applied towards building, making, repairing, and upholding:

the Bridges, and repairing the Roads, in the said County, where the Commissioners shall direct*

4 XVI. And, for the more speedy Reparation of the said High Roads within the said County, or any

4 particular Parts of the fame that may be deemed necessary, be it further enacted by the Authority

aforesaid. That it shall be lawful to and for the Trustees of each of the said Districts, at any General fixed

Annual Meeting, two Thirds of the Heritors in the Parish requesting it, upon the Credit of the Con-

versions or Sums by this Act appointed to be paid for the Purposes aforesaid, to borrow any Sum or Sums

of Money that from Time to Time shall be deemed necessary for repairing the said Highways (so as the

feme do not in all, at any one Time, exceed three Years gross Income of the Duties arising from tho

Parish for which the fame is to be borrowed), and to assign the said Conversions and Sums (b appointed

to be paid, or any Part thereof, for such a Term of Years as shall be necessary to repay the Sum or Sums

that shall be so borrowed, with Interest for the fame till Repayment thereof 5 provided that such Sum of

Sums so to be borrowed shall be expended within the particular Parish upon which the Assignment to the*

Conversion is granted ; and that the Conversions or Funds of no other Parish, nor of the County at large,

shall be liable for such Debt so borrowed by any particular Parish : And the said Trustees are hereby di*^

rested to enter Copies of all such Securities, and the Alignments thereof, in a Book or Books to be kept

for that Purpose, declaring however that no Money shall be determined to be borrowed, or the Con-

verf&on Money fixed in any of the Districts heightened or lowered, unless that a Letter from three of the

Trustees to the Clerk of the District, intimating that it is their intention to apply to the General Annual

Meeting for some of those Purposes, shall be lodged with him two Calendar Months previous to the said

Meeting, upon which Letter the Clerk shall mark the Day he received it, and immediately write cir-

cular Letters to the Trustees of the District, intimating his having received such Letter, and the Purport

of it.

XVII. And be it further enacted^ by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees or Commissioners.

in the respective Districts, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered to make

or cause to. be made the said Roads in the best Manner they may judge suitable, and to cut and make

Drains through any Ground lying contiguous to the Roads, and to make and erect Arches and Bridges of

Stones, Brick, or Timber, upon the said Roads, and to pull down any old Bridges that areufeleis and

unnecessary by the Roads being turned about, or otherways, and apply the Materials to the building of

new Arches, or for repairing the said Roads, as they shall fee proper: And also, where they find any Part

of the said Roads are not of sufficient Breadth, they are hereby empowered to widen and extend the fame

to a Breadth not exceeding ten Yards 5 and if they find it proper for (bortening the Roads, or for making

them more accessible and convenient, they shall, and they are hereby empowered to alter the Situation of

the fame accordingly*.

XVIII. Provided^

e

