3io

5*

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1779.

l€th Geo III.

Cap-5*. recited.

hundred and eighty, whether such Muslins or Callicoes shall have been printed, painted, stained, or dyed,

in this Kingdom, or nor, the Exporter or Exporters of such Goods shall he allowed and paid the lame

Drawbacks, under the like Rules, Regulations, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Exporter

or Exporters would be intitled and liable to, in case such Goods had been exported within the Teim of

three Years from the Importation or Return thenof; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary not-

whhstanding.

?art of the said

AO, retiring to

tl\e Drawback

on the Ex;orta-

tion of v olhce to

Ireland or Ame-

rica, extended to

erher foreign

Parts.

Preamble; re-

citing his- Ma-

jelly’s v)rrer in

Coun< il of July

*9. 1778*

»8 Geo. HI.

Cap. 15, ex-

tended .0 P, izes

taken from the

French since

.1 '!y >9* «773>

*c.

Such Prizes,

atier Corviem-

nn.tion, to be

lub]cfl to the

fame Duties, Sec,

33 ether Prizes.

Prize Goods

broight into Ire-

land to be lub-

j«.£t to the fame

Cust-m *, &c. as

if 1 moored there

at Muchar.d;zc,

4 seventy-three), it was, amongst other M hings, enacted. That, for and during the Term of five Years, to

* be computed from the Time of Importation, there (liould be drawn back and allowed, for all Coffee

4 which should be exported from this Kingdom as Merchandise to Ireland, or any of the Brit'jh Colo-

4 nies or Plantations in America, to the Exporter or Exporters thereof, such and the fame Draw backs or

4 Allowances, and under such Rules, Regulations, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Ex-

4 porter or Exporters would have been intitled to in case such Coffee had been exported within the

4 Term of three Years from rhe Times of the Importation thereof: And whereas very small Quantities

4 of Coffee are exported from this Kingdom Ireland or the Plantations, the principal and - hiet of such

* Exportations being to Germany, and other Parts of Europe*, and it is expedient that the said in Parr re-

4 cited Act should extend to other foreign Parts;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authoriry aforesaid,

That the said in part recited Act shall extend, anil be construed to extend, to allow the 1 • ke Drawback

for any Coffee which hath been exported from this Kingdom to any foreign Parts, since the fifrn Day of

April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy* fix, and which then remained in the said Company’s

Warchnufes unfold, or which (Eall he hereafter so exported to any foreign Parts within the Term of five

Years from the Importation thereof, under the same Rules and Regulations, Securities, Penalties, and

Forfeitures, as the former Drawback was allowed ; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act,

to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. V.

An AO: for granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes, with respett to bringing and landing

certain French Prizes in this Kingdom.

* TIJ HE R E A S his Majesty, by Order in Council, dated the twenty-ninth Day of July, one thou-

4 VV sand seven hundred and seventy-eight, was pleased to order that General Reprisals be granted

4 ag3inft the-Ships, Goods, and Subjects, of the French King, and that as well all his Majesty’s Fleets and

4 Ships, as also all other Ships and Veffids that shall be comm ifli oned, by Letters of Marque or General

4 Reprilals or otherwise, by the Com mi (boners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great

4 Britain, ill211 and may lawfully seize all Ships, Vessels, and Goods, belonging to the French King or his

4 Subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the Territories of the French King, and bring the lame to

4 Judgment in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Admiralty within his Majesty’s Dominions: And whereas

4 it is expedient that the several Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, (intituled,

* An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in

4 this Kingdom), should be extended in like Manner to all Prize Goods which have been, or may be, taken

4 from the French, in pursuance of his Majesty’s said Orijer in Council;’ may it therefore please your

Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Confer.t of the Lords‘Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pretent Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, made in the Eft Section of Parlia-

ment, and all the Articles, Clauses, and Provisions therein, ill a 11 extend, and be conllrued to extend, to

all Piize Goods which have been taken from the French since the twenty-ninth Day of July, one thousand

seven hundred and seventy-eight, or which shall hereafter be tnken, during the Continuance of the present

Hostilifies with France, by any of his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels of War, or by any private or other Ship

or Veil’d having Commission or other Authority from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the

Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the Time being, for

that Purpafe.

II. And be it further erndlcd by the Authority aforesaid, That all Ships or Vessels which shall have

been, or which fhrll be so t=ken as aforesaid, shall, upon Condemnation as lawful Prize, be iobject and

liable to the fume Duties, Cufhm% RtftruStions, and Regulations, and shall be intitled to the fame Pri-

vileges and Advantages, in all Rcfpcdis, to which Ships and Vessels taken and condemned as Prize are

subject and liable to, ant) inti-led to, by any Law or Statute of this Realm.

li I. Provided always, That nothing contained in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament

made in this Kingdom, shall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to exempt any Ships, Goods, Wares, or

Merchandizes, which shall be taken a? Prize and brought into the Kingdom of Ireland, from the Payment

of any Customs or Duties, or from being {abject to such Reftndlions and Regulations to which the lame

now*are or may be liable, by virtue of any Law or Statute made in that Kinglom, in case ihe fame h ;d

been imported theie as Merchandize in the o;dinary Couife of Trade, and not brought in as Prize.

1 IV. And

