47

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo feptimo Georg 11 III.

C. 17.

•out of the said Enfield Old Park Allotment of thirty Acres and fifteen Perches, payable half-yearly, at

Lady-day and Michaelmas in every Year, the first Payment thereof to be^in and be nude on Lady day, oner

thoutaiul (even hundred and seventy-eight; and which said Rent-char e of five Pounds (h 11 be, from

Time to Time, applied by the said Overseers of the said Parish of Edmonton, for the Time being, and

their Sucre Hors, in Aid of the Poor’s Rate of the said Parish of Edmonton, in such Manner as (hill, from

Time to Time, by Older of Vestry, be directed, with such Powers of Entry and Difbefs, and other

Powers and Remedies on the said thirty Acres and fifteen Perches, lor Recove, y of the said Rent-charge

ton Nonpayment) and all Arrears thereof, and the Costs and Charges attending such Recovery, as are by

-aw allowed for Recovery of Rents-churge of the Jike Nature; and, in Consideration thereof, the Pa-

riftiioners of the said ParMh of Edmonton shall, at their own Expence, set out, fence, make, and for ever

maintain such Public Way, of such Width as aforesaid; and the Owner and Proprietor of the said Enfield

Old Park\ his Heirs and Assigns, and his or their Tenant or Tenants, shall, from and after the making

of such Public Way as aforesaid, have the Ule thereof for the passing and repassing of his and their Car-

riages-and Cattle, -to and from the said Enfield Old Park ; and until the said Paiifhioners of the said PariCl

#f Edmonton shall set out, fence, and make such Public Way as aforesaid, it shall and nv»y be lawful to

and for the said Owner and Proprietor of the said Enfield Old Parky his Heirs and Assigns, his and their

Tenant and Tenants, with his and their Carriages or Cattle, to pass over the said Edmonton Allotment*?

in the same Manner as he and they are now accustomed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all that Portion or Allotment of Land, within, and Part of, and

set out upon the said Chafe, and described and distinguisoed on the said Survey or Plan thereof, in Words

and by Green Lines from the Rest of the said Chafe, as The Allotment to the Manor of Old Fold, contain-

ing thirty-six Acres, three Roods, and twenty-four Perches; abutting, on the North Part thereof, upon

the South Mtmms Allotment; on the South rart thereof, upon certain Incroachmems made upon the said

Chafe; on the East Part thereof, upon the Allotment of the Incumbent of Monken Hadley; and on the

Weft Part thereof, upon the Great North Road leading from Barnet to Hatfield *K together with all Trees,

Woods, and Underwoods, (landing and growing thereon, shall, from and after the p3fling of this Act*

become, and the fame (h .11 from thenceforth be and remain vtfted in the Owner and Proprietor of the said

Manor of Old Foldy his Heirs and Afiipns, forever, according to his and their Rights and Imerefls in the

said Manor, in full Compensation, Satisfaction, and Discharge, of all such exclusive peculiar Rights,

Claims, and Privileges, within and upon the said Chafe, as the Owner and Proprietor of the said Manor*

ef Old Foldy in respect thereof, is in titled unto, or could or might challenge, or have in the said Chaic,

over and above such Ri^ht as the said Owner and Proprietor is intitled unto or claims in respect of his

Messuages, Lands, or 1 tnements, within the said Parish of South MimmSy in common with other Free- '

holders in that Parish.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Owners and Proprietors of the said Enfield Old Park\

and Manor of Old Fold, their Heirs, Assigns, Lessees, and Tenants, shall and may, notwithstanding the

aforesaid special Allotments made to them, have and be intitled unto the fame Rights within and upon;

and stand interested in the Allotments made and assigned for the Benefit of the Parishes within which the

said Park and Manor are respectively situate, for and in respect of such Rights and Privileges as the said

Owners and Proprietors of the said Park and Manor are intitled unto for the said Park and Manor, in

common with the said other Freeholders and Copyholders in such respective Parishes; any Thing before

contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, That the said Allotments assigned unto the

Owners and Proprietors of the said Park and Manor respectively, shall be subject and liable to all such

Uses, Trusts, Estates, Wills, Limitations, Conditions, Settlements, Provisions, Remainders, Reversions,

Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the said Park or Manor, to which the fame are assigned, are

respectively subject and liable to at the Time of passing this Act, Leases at Rack Rents only acid always

excepted.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the several Pounds or Pinfolds, and Strayfields, within

the said Chafe, shall for ever remain veiled in and be maintained and kept repaired by his Majesty, his

Heirs and Succeflfors, as heretofore accustomed.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case any of the said Pounds or Pinfolds shall be hereafter

found inconvenient in respect of Situation, it shall be lawful for the Steward or Ltflee of the Manor or

Lordship for the Time being, to which such Pound or Pinfold shall belong, by and with the Consent of

the Churchwardens of the Parish wherein such Pound or Pinfold is fuuace, to remove the fame to any

other convenient Place or Places within such respective Manor, or to erect any other Pounds or Pinfolds

for the more conveniently impounding of Cattle trespafling within the said Manors respectively. -

XIII. And be it further enacted. That the said Allotments, herein-before assigned for the Benefit of

the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the said Parishes of Enfield, Ed-

mentony South MimmSy and Monken Hadley, as aforesaid, and to the said Owners and Proprietors of Enfield

Old Parky and Manor ot Old Fold respectively, and their Lessees, Tenants, and Under-tenants, shall be

taken and accepted in full Compensation, Satisfaction, and Discharge of all their Right?, Claims, and

Privileges whatsoever, in, over, and upon all the Residue of the said Cnafe: And that the said several Al-

lotments shall, from and after the pailing of this Act, be, become, and remain freed, exonerated, and for

ever absolutely discharged, of ani from all Right3 of Chafe, Right of Soil, and Right of Common, of the

King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and his and their Tenants and Lessees within or upon the fame;

save and except such temporary Rights of Chafe as are herein-afrer enacted and provided for.

XIV. And be it further enacted. T hat all those several Portions or Allotments of Land, within and

Part of, and set out upon the said Chafe, and described and distinguished on the aforesaid Survey or Plan

thcicof, in Words and by Red.Lincs, from the Rest-of the said Chafe, as The Allotment for Tythes $ (that

v;ho are to make

and murrain

the said Road,

Allotment to

013 FoldManor.

Reservatlon of

Common Right9

to Enfield Pari*

and Manor of

OM Fold.--

P’nfnM$Vefer*d

to the Ciowrt,

Strwtrd, & c.

m5> remove Pin*'

folds, with Con*

sent of Chore hJ

wardens.

Allotments to

he accent d in

lieu of other v

Rnjhtta

IS

Allctmtnt In •-

Dilchaue of

Great ) if

cerui 1 Pails of

the Ckci*.

