A. D. 1779* Anno decfrno nono Georgii Ilf.

C. 20$

335

at the General Collector or Receiver’* Office at Edinburgh, within the Time respectively ^ftfir-mcotioned;

that is to say, Every Minister having a Benefice in the Western or Northern Isles of Scotland, on or before

the twenty-sixth Day of January that {hall first happen after such Minister {hall have had Right to his Be-

nefice for one whole Year; and every other Minister aforesaid, of the Church of Scotland, on or before the

twenty-sixth Day of January that {hall first happen after such Minister {hall have had Right to his Benefice

for one Half Year ; and every Head* Principal, or Master, in any of the Universities aforesaid, on or before

the twenty-sixth Day of January that {hall first happen after he bath held his Office for fqur Calendar

Month*; and every xespective Minister, Head, Principal, or other Master, neglecting to give Notice as

aforesaid, {hall bp deemed and adjudged to have made his Election of the Annual Rate of three Pound*

eighteen Shilling* and Nine-pence, and {hall be liable to the {aid Rate accordingly during his Life.

V• And be it ensded by the Authority aforesaid. That every such Minister, Head, Principal and Maf-

ter, who ha* beep admitted, since the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred

ana seventy-eight, or who {hall hereafter be admitted to a Benefice in the said Church, or to an Office in

any of the Universities aforesaid, shall, a£ the first Term of Candlemas, after he hath notified his Option

as aforesaid, make Payment of the Rate or Rates to which he {hall then be subjeded in virtue of his said

Option, or in Default of his making his Election ; that is to say. If at the said Term of Candlemas, he

shall have enjoyed, and had Right to his Benefice for one Half Year, he {hall be liable to the Payment of

one Half of his yearly Rate; if he was entitled to his Benefice for one whole Year, he {hall be liable to

the Payment of one Year’s Rate; and if be was entitled to hi* Benefice for one Year and an Half, he {hall

be liable to the Payment of one Year and an Half of hi* Rate: And lastly, if his Salary is of such k Na-

ture as to be payable only de die in diem, he {ball make Payment of fu.ch Proportion of his Annual Rate

as corresponds to the Number of Day* from the Date of his Admission to the twenty-second Day of No-

vember, immediately preceding the Time limited for making his Election as aforesaid : And every such Mi-

nifter, Head, Principal, or Maflgr aforesaid, {hall, after the aforesaid Term of Candlemas, when first liable

in Payment of his Rate as before ona&edtj make Payment of a full Year’s Rate, at each succeeding Term

of Candlemas, during hi* Life, nmwithsignding he {hall ccafc to be a Minister of the said Church, or a

Head, Principal, or Master, in any of the Universities aforesaid, by Resignation, Deprivation, or any

other Manner of Way ; all which Rates shall be paid in the Manner herein-after directed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if the said Ministers of the Church of

Scotland, or the Heads, Principals, or other Masters, in any of the Universities aforeijiid, shall, at their

respective Deaths, have Right to only one Half of the Benefice or Salary of that Year in which they {fiall

happen to die; that one Half of the said yearly Rate {hall be payable for that Year put of their Benefice pr

Salary, at the first Term of Candlemas, after the Death of the said Ministers, Heads, Principals, or Masters

respectively, in the Manner herein-after directed.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Miniftw, Head, Principal, and Master,

who i« now possessed of a Benefice in the Church of Scotland, or of an Office in any of the Universities

aforesaid, and every other Perfop who is subject and liable in Payment of one or other of the aforesaid

Annual Rates, who {ball hereafter marry; and every Minister, Head, Principal, or Master, who {hall

hereafter be admitted to a Benefice in the said Church, or to an Office in any of the Universities aforesaid,

and who is or shall be married, shall, in refoed of his Marriage, be filled and liable to a Sum equal to

his Annual Rate, and to the like Sum for each succeeding Marriage : which Sum in respect of the Mar-

riage of a Minister of the said,Church, Head, Principal, or Master, in any of the Universities aforesaid,

{hall be paid, over and above his Annual Rate, at the First Term of Candlemas, which shall be one full

Year after such Marriage, and his Admission into the said Benefice and Office respectively, in the Manner

herein-after directed.

VIII. Provided always. That if any Minister of the said Church, Head, Principal, or Master in the

Universities aforesaid, or any other Person, liable in Payment of one or other of the aforesaid Annual Rates,

shall happen to marry a Widow entitled to an Annuity in pursuance of this Act, such Minister, Head,

Principal, Master, or other Perfop, shall not be subject to the Payment of ,*ny Sum ip respect of such

Marriage.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Ministers of the Church of Scotland\ or

iiich Heads, Principals, or Masters in any of the Universities aforesaid, who have beep ordained, or ad-

mitted A (lift ants and Successors to the Ministers, Heads, Principals, or Masters, having Right to a Bene-

fice or Salary respectively, and who are not already fuMeded to one Qr,other of the aforesaid Annual

Rates, or who shall hereafter be ordained or admitted Assistant* or Successors to Ministers, or to Heads,

Principals, or other Masters, having Right to the Benefice or Salary as aforesaid, where there is no real

Vacancy of such Benefice or Office, {ball (as to all the Pujpofes of this Act) be held as admitted to a Be-

nefice in the said Church, or to an Office in any of the Universities aforesaid, only from the Tijpe tfiat

such Assistang shall come to have Right to the full Benefice or Salary respectively.

X* And .be, it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That so fopn as such Assistants shall come to have

Right to their full Benefice or Salary as aforesaid, they shall be obliged to make their Election of one or

.otherpf the aforesaid Annual Rates, and shall be liable in Payment thereof, in the same Manner, and

wkbin the Time herein-before eqaded, with respect toother Ministers of the said Church, and Heads,

Principals* apd other Masters in the Universities aforesaid, vfhep first admitted to a Benefice or Office

icfpcdively.

XI. And be it further enacted ty the Authority aforesaid, That every Minister, Head, Principal,

ot Master, who shall hereafter be,ordained or admitted for the first Time to a Benefice in the Church of

Scotland, or loan Office in any,of the Universities aforesaid, and who, at the Time of his Ordination or

Aidmission* shall be forty Years of Age, or upwards; apd every Assistant to a Minister, Head, Principal,

or Master, who, upon.coming to the Enjoyment of his fullJBepefice or Salary as aforesaid, shall be forty

X x 2 Years

Rule for Mini.

sten, Sec. mu

king their fit ft

Payment,

and fottitf Pay-

ments.

Rate to be pail

on the Death of

a Minifter/ Sec,

M snifters.. fub~

je& to a Tax on

account of their

Marriage.

Proviso iaia*

roar of those

who marry An*

nuitaota.

Time when or-

daiord Aftiftanta

are subjelted to

Rates;

and when they

shall make their

Tle&ion of

Rates,

Ministers, Ac.

of 40 Years of

Age at Admis-

fton, and having

Children fubjrft

to additional

Rates.

