A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C.45.

4 [mentioning the Person or Per fins, as the Cafe may he 5] To have and to hold the said Rent [or Rents] hereby

bargained and fold, and all Benefits and Advantages thereunto belonging, unto and to the Use of the said

4 A- B. his Heirs and Assigns, for ever; [In case there he any fulfilling Lease of the Rent or Rents fold, Words

4 to the following Effett are to be added,] subject nevertheless to the Term and Interest in the said Rent or

4 Rents now outstanding, by virtue of a Lease, granted under the Seal of our said Duchy, bearing Date on

4 or about [^xprcjfing the Date,] unto [^xt>r effing the Lessee,] for a Term of [as the Cafe may

4 be,] which will expire on or about [e*pre]sing the Time when the Lease will expire.] In witness

4 whereof,

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Chancellor and

Council to treat and contract, on the Part of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with any Person or

Persons, holding any MHTuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by Copy of Court-roll, or being

of the Nature of Copyhold, or of Customary Tenure, or for which any Fine is payable to his Majesty,

his Heirs or Successors, on Descent or Alienation, which are within and Parcel of any of the Honours,

Manors, or Lordships of the said Duchy of Lancaster*, for the Enfranchisement thereof, and for discharging

the fame, and all and every the present and future Owners and Tenants thereof, and their Heirs, from the

Payment of all Customary Fines, Fines of Ingress, and other Fines, Heriots, Reliefs, Quit Rents, and

other Dues and Payments, to which, by the respective Customs of such Honours, Manors, or Lordships,

they are now or would hereafter otherwise be subjedf and liable, at and for such Prices and Considerations

in Money to be paid for the fame, and upon such Terms and Conditions, as shall be agreed upon by and

between the said Chancellor and Council, and the Person or Persons holding such Messuages, Lands, Te-

nements, and Hereditaments; and thereupon to convey and afllire such respective Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Name of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, under the

Seal of the said Duchy, to such Person or Persons, and their Heirs respectively, to be holden to such

Person or Persons, and their Heirs respectively, for ever, as of the Honour or Manor whereof they are

Parcel, in free and common Soccage, freed and discharged from all Fines, Heriots, Reliefs, Quit Rents,

and other Customary Dues and Payments, Suits and Services, whatsoever; and that the Deeds for con-

veying and a (Turing the Came shall be made in the following Form of Wordi, or as nearly thereto as may

be; (that is to say,)

4 T1EORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, pefender

4 of the Faith, and so forth; To all to whom these our present Letters shall come, Greeting: Know

4 ye, that wj, in Consideration of the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, paid

4 into the Hands of our Receiver-genral of the Revenues of our Duchy of Lancaster, by A. B. one of our

4 Copyhold or Customary Tenants of the [as the Cafe may be,] as appears determined by the Receipt of our said

4 Receiver-general, indorsed on these Presents, and by and with the Advice and Consent of our Chancellor

and Council of our said Duchy, do hereby release and confirm unto the said A. B. and his Heirs, for

4 ever, all that [deferihing the Premifes\\ To have and to hold the Premises hereby released, with their

4 Appurtenances, unto and to the Use of the said A B. and his Heirs for ever, to be holden of the Honour

4 or Manor of which the fame is or are Parcel, in free and common Soccage, freed and discharged of and

4 from all and all Manner of Fines, Heriots, Reliefs, Quit Rents, and other Dues and Payments, Suits,

4 Services, and Customs whatsoever, to which the fame, or any Part thereof, are now subjedf, and to be

and continue as Freehold Lands; [and, in case there be any subsisting Lease of the said Fines, Heriots, Re-

4 Bents, Dues, Payments, or Customs, Words to the following Ejfeft are to be added] subject never-

4 theless to the Payment of the usual and accustomed Fines, Heriots, Reliefs, Quit Rents, and other

4 Dues, [or as the Cafe may be,] during the Term and Interest now outstanding by virtue of a Lease thereof,

4 granted under the Seal of the said Duchy, bearing Date on or about [exPrejfing the Date,] unto C. D.

4 for a Term [as the Cafe may be,] which will expire on [t*prcfling the Time when the subsisting

4 Leafi will expire.] In Witness, iffc*

VII. And be it further ena£led,_That the said several and respective Grants, Conveyances, and Aflu-

rances, in the respective Forms aforesaid, under the Seal of the said Duchy, shall be good, sufficient, valid,

and effectual in the Law, for granting and alluring the said Rents unto the several Purchasers thereof, and

their Heirs for ever, and also for conveying and alluring the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and He-

reditaments, therein respectively to be comprised, enfranchised, and discharged, unto and to the Use of the

several and respective Persons therein to be named, and their Heirs for ever; any Thing contained in the

said recited Act of the first Year of Queen Anne to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and that the In-

rolment of the said Grants, Conveyances, and Assurances, in the Court of Duchy Chamber of Lancaster,

shall be of the fame Force and Validity as Inrolments of Bargains and Sales in any of the four Courts at

IFeJlminster.

VIII. Provided always. That where any Lease of any of the aforesaid Rents, Fines, Heriots, Reliefs,

or other Customary Dues or Payments, hath been granted under the Seal of the said Duchy for any Term

now subsisting, that then, and in every such Cafe, the said Grants, Conveyances, and Assurances, so far

as the fame relate to or concern any of the Hereditaments comprised in such Lease, shall commence and

take Effect only upon or from the Expiration or Determination of such Lease respectively; and that such

an Abatement shall be made in the Purchase-money for the Hereditaments so in Lease, as shall be agreed

upon between the said Chancellor and Council, and the respective Purchasers or Persons therein respec-

tively named; and that the Person or Persons entitled to the Benefit of such Lease, shall and may have and

take all such Remedies in the Law, for recovering and enforcing the Payment of the several and respective

Rents, Fines, Heriots, Reliefs, and other Customary Dues and Payments, during the Continuance of such

G g g z Lease,

407

Chancellor and

Council *r the

Duchy inn*

powered to cn*

franchise Land?,

Tenement*, Sec,

Form of Deed*

of Conveyance,

Sec.

Thp aforesaid

Grants, Sec. un*

der the Seal of

the Puchv, to

be valid in Law.

Proviso r»1a*tnf

to such Rents,

Fine*, Arc. a« arc

now under Lease,

