A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. C. 53.

Assigns, all the Glebe Lands, Tythes, Rents, Modules, Compositions for Tythe, Salaries, Stipends,

4 Fees, Gratuities, and other Emoluments and Profits whatsoever, arising, coming, growing, renewing,

or payable to the Rector, Vicar, or Incumbent (as the Cafe shall be) of the said Living in respect thereof,

4 with all and every their Rights, Privileges, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, to have, hold, re-

4 ceive, take, and enjoy the said Premises, with their and every of their Appurtenances, unto the Lid

his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from henceforth, for

and during the Term of Years, fully to be complete and ended, in as full, ample, and

4 beneficial Manner, and with such Remedies and Powers for obtaining and recovering the fame, and every ,

4 Part thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, as the said

4 his Successors, Rectors, Vicars, £sV. (as the Cafe shall be) of the said Church, could or might, or ought

4 to have held, enjoyed, received, taken, or recovered the fame, if these Presents had not been made:

f [And the said A. B. for himself, his Heirs, Executors,

4 In Cafes where the Mortgage by this. A ft directed 1 and Administrators, doth hereby covenant, promise,

4 is to be made by the Ordinary and Patron alone, and agree, to and with the said '

4 without the Incumbent, this Covenant and Proviso \ his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, That he

4 are to be omitted, and the Form is to be varied in I the said A- B. during the Time he shall continue Rec-

4 such other Respects as shall be necessary* for. Vicar, t£c. of the said Parish and Parish Church,

I shall and will well and truly pay, or ckufe to be paid,

4 unto the said his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, Interest for the

4 said Sum of -or so much thereof ks shall remain due at the End of every

4 Year, to be computed from the Day of the Date of these Presents, after the Rate of

4 per Centum per Annum^ by yearly Payments, the first of the said Payments to berin and be made on the

4 Day of next; and also, at the several Times before mentioned

4 for Payment of the Interest, as aforesaid, shall and will well and truly pay, or cause to be paid, the Sum

4 of five Pounds per Centum per Annum of the Principal which remained due at the Beginning of the Year

in which every such Payment is to be paid, in case the said A. B. shall be resident upon the said Living

4 for the Time mentioned in, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of tjje said A St 5 and in case

the said A. B. shall not reside upon the /aid Living during the Time mentioned in, and according to tire

4 true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, he shall pay, or cause to be paid, the Sum of ten Pounds per

4 Centum per Annum of the said Principal Money, by such yearly Payments as aforesaid, instead of the said

4 Sum of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall and will continue such respective Payments of the

4 said Interest, and on Account of the said Principal Money, so long as he shall continue Rector, Vicar,'

4 fcfr. (as the Cafeshall be) of the said PariQi and PariQi Church, unless all the said Principal Money, and-

4 Interest for the fame, shall befooner paid and discharged. Provided always, and these rrefents are upon

4 this Condition, That if the said AB. and his Successors, Qiallwell and truly pay, or cause to be paid,

the said Principal Money, and Interest for the fame, in Manner and at the Times aforesaid, according to

the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, and of these Presents, and also all Costs and Charges whiclv

4 shall have been occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof, these Presents, and every Thing herein con-*

4 tained, shall cease and be void. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful for the said AB. and his

4 Successors, peaceably and quietly to hold, occupy, possess, and enjoy, all and Angular the said Glebe

4 Lands, Tythes, Rents, Modules, Composition for Tythes, Stipends, Fees, Gratuities, and other

4 Emoluments and Profits whatsoever, arising, or to arise, from or in respect of the said Living, until De-.

4 fault shall be made by him or them respectively in the Payment of the Interest and Principal, or some Part

4 thereof, at the Times and in the Manner aforesaid. In Witness, &c.

N O MIN AT ION of & Clergyman by the Bifiojs to settle any Disfute about the Proportion of the Payments

'within the Tear in which any Avoidance shall happen.

4 I The Right Reverend BiQiop of pursuant to the Authority of

4 an Act, passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

4 An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual

4 building, rebuilding, repairings or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the Use

4 of their Benefices, do hereby nominate the Reverend being a Clergyman within

my said Diocese, to adjust and determine the Matter in Dispute between the Reverend

4 Clerk, the present Incumbent of the Rectory, Vicarage, &c, of . within my Dio-

4 cefe, and the feepresentatives of the the last In-

4 cumbent (in case of his Death) or the said (in case of his Resignation or Pro-

4 motion) concerning the due Proportion to be paid by each of the said Parties of the Principal and Interest

4 which accrued due within the Year in which such Death or other Avoidance happened, according to tht

4 Direction, true Intent, and Meaning of the said Act. Given under my Hand, this

4 Day of

AW A R D and DETERMINATION®/'/^ Clergyman nominated by the Bishop.

4 T The Reverend A- B. of in the County of and

4 R Diocese of the BiQiop of Clerk, having been nominated by the said Bishop, purfuanc

4 to the Power given by an Act, passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George

the Third, intituled, An Act to promote the Ref fence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the

4 more fbeedy and effectual buildings rebuildings repairings or purchasing HcufrSs and other necessary Buildings

and TenementSs for the Use of their Benefices, to adjust and determine the Matter in Dispute between the

Vol. XIII. Parti. T 4 Reverend

