C. 21.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

344

Expence of

printing, tec, to

be paid by the

Collector.

Collector to ex-

hibit an Account

of Monry come

to hi* Hands*

Annual Rates

paid by the Mi'

nifters deemed

Part of their

Stipends.

Expence of tbit

A& to be paid

by the Collector.

Former A£s re-

pealed*

Public A&

Preamble.

After April 5,

1779, do Person

to keep a Lor-

te*y.office with-

out a Licence*

Each Licence to

cost 501*

and shall be

granted under

the Hands and

Seals of t«o

Managers*

Licence to set

forth the Name

of the Person

talcing out the

fame, See. and

to continue in

Force for one

Year*

Persont keeping

any Offke con-

trary to this Act,

to forfeit zoo 1*

A.D. 1779*

LXXXII. And, it is hereby enacted, That the Expence of printing the said annual State as aforesaid,

and of supporting and keeping in Repair the before-mentioned House and Hall of the Trustees, and their

other necessary or incidental Expences, shall be paid by the said General Collector or Receiver, and shall be

allowed to him out of his Receipts annually; provided the said Expences do not in any one Year exceed

the Sum of seventy Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said General Collector or Receiver

shall annually, on the said fourth Tuesday of November, exhibit to the Trustees, at their Meeting, a par-

ticular Account of the Sums that shall then have come into his Hands in the Year preceding, distinguishing

by whom paid, and on what Account; and also of the Sums paid by him out of his Receipts 5 and the

said Trustees shall, and are hereby impowered to audit and pass his Accounts, and to acquit and discharge

him and his Sureties, from Time to Time, of the Sums so accounted for.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all future Processes of Modification

and Augmentations of Stipends, the aforesaid annual Rates payable by the Ministers of the Church of

Scotland, by virtue of this Act, shall be deemed and computed as rart of their Stipends; any Thing herein

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Expence incurred in obtaining this

present Act of Parliament shall be paid by the said General Collector or Receiver, at the Sight and by Dir-

rest ion of the Trustees herein-before appointed, and for which he shall have Credit at the first Clearance

of his Accounts thereafter.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of

this present Act, the aforesaid in Part recited Acts of the seventeenth arid of the twenty-second Years of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, shall be, and they are hereby repealed and made

void.

LXXXVII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That this Act shall be deemed and taken to

be a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are to take Notice thereof as such in alL

Courts and Places whatsoever without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXL

An Act for licensing and regulating Lottery-office Keepers*

Most Gracious Sovereign,

c T X 7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great'Britain, in Parliament

c W assembled, think it will be for the Advantage of the Public, and that it will prevent many frau*

dulent Practices used by Persons dealing in Lottery Tickets, and in Shares and Chances of Lottery

Tickets, to grant unto your Majesty the Duty upon Licences, and to establish the several Regulations

herein-afeer mentioned and therefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted 5

and.be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Gonfent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame, That, from and after the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine,

no Person or Persons whatsoever shall, publicly or privately, set up, exercise, keep, or open, by himself,

or any other Person or Persons, any Office or Place for buying, felling, insuring, registering, giving, or

otherwise dealing in, any Tickets or Chances, or Parts thereof, or on the Number or Numbers of any

Ticket or Tickets in any Lottery whatsoever, or shall, by Writing or Printing, publish the setting up or

using any such Office or Place, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose, in Manner hereafter

mentioned, before he, she, or they, shall so set up, keep open, or publish, any such Office or Place as

aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of

April\ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, for every Licence to be taken out by any Person or

Persons, for every such Office or Place used for dealing in or concerning Lottery Tickets, as aforesaid,

there shall be paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (over and above all other Duties, to which

the Person or Persons taking out the fame may be respectively liable, as Brokers, or otherwise), the Sum

of fifty Pounds, immediately upon taking out such Licence; and every such Licence shall be granted un-

der the Hands and Seals of two or more of the Managers and Directors of the Lottery for the Time being,

and the Duty for the fame shall be paid at their Office in London, or at such other Place, and to such

Person or Persons, as the said Managers and Directors shall appoint to deliver out such Licences respec-

tively, and to receive the said Duties; and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant

and deliver such Licences to all Persons applying for the fame, upon their Payment of fifty Pounds for each

Licence as aforesaid.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Licence shall set forth

the true Name and Place of Abode of the Person or persons taking out the fame; and also the Place

where such Business or Dealing shall be carried on; and such Licence shall continue in Force for twelve

Calendar Months from the Date thereof, and po longer; and every Person acting or dealing in any of the

Matters therein contained, after the Expiration of such Licence, without first taking out such Licence,

and renewing the fame yearly, in Manner aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit, for etch Offence, the Sum

of one hundred Pounds; to be recovered and distributed in Manner hereafter mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who, after the said fifth

Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, shall publish, open, set up, or keep, any

such Office or Place, under any of the Denominations aforesaid, or any like Denominations, contrary to

the

