498 C. 74. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1779.

Prison, or escape

from lavrful

Custody.

If *ny Person

shall refeue, or

attempt to ref-

cue, any Offen-

der ordered to

hard Labour;

or any Perron

having the Cus-

tody of foeh Of-

fender shall to*

Juntarily permit

his Escape,

or any other

Person shall be

•(lifting therein;

every such Per-

son shall be guil-

ty of Felony.

Method of Trial

and Conviction

of Offenders for

making Escape, '

or breaking Pri-

son $ and of Per-

fooafor assisting

therein*

Pemlties of this

A£\ how to be

recovered and

appl.cJ,

Allrwar.ee to be

mode to the

County of M d-

dlrftx for their

ditpreportonatc

Expences,

Regulation re-

lat ve to the

Lodaingi of the

Jue^s at

Couiity Allies.

escape from the Place of his or her Confinement, or in his or her Conveyance to such Place of Confine-

ment, or from the Person or Persons having the lawful Custody of such Offender, he or she so breaking

Prison or escaping, shall be guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy ; but in case he or she so breaking

Prison, or escaping, hath been ordered to Hard Labour instead of T ranfportation, he or the shall be pu-

nished by an Addition of three Years to the Term for which he or she, at the Time of his or her Breach

of Prison, or Escape, was subject to be confined ; and if such Person, so punished by such Addition to the

Term of Confinement, shall afterwards be convicted of a second Escape, or Breach^of Prison, he or the

shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. , r-

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall refeue any Offender, who by Force of this

Act, or any Part of it, shall be ordered to Hard Labour, in any Place of Confinement appointed by virtue

of this Act, either during the Time of his or her Conveyance to the Place appointed for such Hard La-

bour, or whilst such Offender shall be in the Custofty of the Person or Persons under whose Care and~

Charge he or she shall be so confined; or if any Person shall be aiding or assisting in any such Refeue ;

every such Person so refeuing, aiding, or assisting, shall be guilty of Fdony, and may be ordered to Hard

Labour in any Place of Confinement appointed by virtue of this Act, for any Term not less than one, nor

exceeding five Years: And if any Person having the Custody of any such Offender.as aforesaid, or being

employed by the Person having such Custody, as a Keeper, Under-keeper, Turnkey, Assistance, or Guard,

shall voluntarily permit such Offender to escape; or if any Person whatsoever shall, by supplying Arms,

Tools, or Instruments of Disguise, or otherwise, be in any Manner aiding and assisting to any such Offen-

der in any Escape, or in any Attempt to make an Escape, though no Escape be actually made, or shall

attempt to refeue any such Offender, or be aiding and assisting in any such Attempt, though no Refeue be

actually made, every such Person so permitting, attempting, aiding, or assisting, shall be.guilty of Felony ;

and if any Person having such Custody, or being so employed by the Person having such Custody as afore-

said, shall negligently permit any Aicfy Offender to escape, /uefy Person so permitting shall be guilty of a,

Misdemeanor; and, being lawfully convicted of the fame, shall be liable;to Fine or Imprisonment, or to*

both, at the Discretion of the Court.

4 LXVII. And, to the Intent that the Prosecutions for Escapes, Breaches of Prison, and Rescues, may be

* carried on with as little Trouble and Expence as is polhble ;’ be. it further enacted, That any Offender

escaping, breaking Prison, or being refeued, in Manner aforesaid, may and {hell be tried before the Juf-

tices of Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, or at the Great Seflipns for the County where he or (be

shall be apprehended and retaken; and in case of any Prosecution for any such Escape, Attempt.to escape,^

Breach of Prison, or Refeue, either against the Offender escaping, or attempting to escape, orhaving

broke Prison, or been refetfed, or against any other Person or Persons concerned therein, or aiding, abet-"

ting, or afliffing the fame, a Copy, properly atteiled, of the Certificate herein-before dire£led to be given

to the Sheriff or Gaoler by the Clerk of the Assize, or other Clerk for the Time being of the Court in

which such Offender shall be convicted, and by such Sheriff pr Gaoler to be delivered, together with the

Offender, to such Governor dr Superintendant as aforesaid, and by such Governor or. Super^ntcr^dant to

be transmitted to the,Clerk of the Peace, to be filed with the Records of the Sessionsi shall, after Proof

made that the Person then in Qu^ftion before the Court is the fame that was delivered .with, such Certifi-

cate, be sufficient Evidence to the Court and Jury* not*only of the Nature and Fail, of the Conviction,

itself, *and the Species of Confinement to which such Person was ordered, but' alfd that the Person then in

Question is the fame that was so convicted, and ordered to such Confinement.

LXVill. And be it further enacted. That any pecuniary Penalties created by this'A£l, for the Recovery

of which no Mode is herein-before prescribed, shall be recoverable before two or more Justices of the'

Peace in the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough, Town, dr Place^ in which the Offence

(halF be committed,* onTnKjf of the Offence by the Oath or Oaths of t>rfe or^hftore credible Wirf.efs orT

Witnesses, or on Confession of the Offender; and one Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Use of the Pen!-*

ttfntiary House, or other Place of Confinement, to which the Offence more immediately relates, and the

other. Moiety to the Informer' or Informers prosecuting for the fame ;land in case of Nonpayment* shall

he levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands* and

Seals of such Justices ; apd the Overplus of the Money raised, after deducting the Penalty,- and the Ex-

pences of the Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner; and for Want of sufficient Distress the

Offender shall be sent by such Justices to the Prison of such County, Riding, Division, City, .Borough,

Town, orPJace, for such Tqrm, not exceeding six Months, nor less than, one Month, as such Justices

shall think, most proper. * • j v y * t ' i ’ . , ♦ ^ * -r , ;•>• . *r

L XIX. Providedt always, and be.vk further enacted. That in Confidefetion of the great and disproportionate

Expences which the County of fyliddl'sex will probably incur, in providing for the temporary Reception and

Maintenance of great Numbers of Offenders as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for .the Commissioners of

his Majesty’s Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the l ime being, to issue and allow to the Treasurer of the

fain County of J^diddkfex^ from Time to Time,.till such Certificate shall ;be made as aforesaid, such Sum

or Sums of Money as shall appear 4to be reasonable, in Aid of ,such extraordinary Expences, not exceeding

the Sum of three hundied .Pounds for one Year, and so in Proportion for any,longer or (liorter.Time.

4 LXX And whereas the Courts of Assize, Nift Pritis^ Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol'Delivery, for

4 several Counties*t large in this Kingdom, arc often htlfl j-ft or ihear,Cities or Towns that are Counties

4 of themselves, and at the fame Time with the like Courts/drithe said'Cities pr Towns ; and Inconvenien-

* cies frequently arise, in transarSfing the Business of the several Courts, for that the Lodgings of the Judges

4 aie situate either only in the County at large, or only in the County of such City or fl own;’ be it there-

fore turther cnacltd, 'That whenever the Courts of Afiize,' Ni/i P.rius,* Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol De*

lu cry, for. any C°u;Hy aslftr.ge; m ^hat Part of Great Mritf/m called England, shall be held in or 1 c -r any

City or Town, font is also.a,Cpunvy.o( itself, ^and at the fa i>e-Time with the like-or any of the like Courts

for the said Cj{y wJ.kWbiVW Lo&VW of .the Judges Judge ukcjLto.be V-tu *ie

2 £ bo.h

1C

j j

