A.D. 1778. Aflno decimo octavo'GEOKGfi III* C. 71— 75.

. XXIX. And be it further enaftld by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sheriffs^ Justices of the Peace,

Judges and Magistrates, with their Officers, Mell'engers at Arms, and all other Officers and Executioners

of the Law whatsoever, and every of them, are hereby required to be aiding and affilling in putting this

Act into due and effectual Execution: And that this Act {pall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all the

Courts of Law and Equity, as a Public Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take No-

tice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LX XL

An . Act for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common

f Council assembled* to make a Street or Opening from Moorfields, opposite Chiswell-street^towards the

East into Biftoop[gate-street \ and also from the East End of Chfwell-street Westward into Barbican; and

to raise, upon the Credit of the Surpluses to arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called Fhe Orphans

Fund, the Sum of sixteen thousand five hundred Pounds for such Purpose.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for erecting a Building for holding the Courts and exercising the Jurisdiction of the Dean and

Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter in Westminster, within the City and Liberty of Weft-

minfte>\ and for holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace and transrfting the other public Business of

the said City and Liberty; and for appropriating Part of the Surpluses, of the Orphans Fundy toward*

defraying the Expence thereof.. '

c< Preamble. Commissioners appointed, who may purchase a Piece of Ground for erecting a Court-house.

*4 No more than 7,500l. to be expended therein. Bodies Corporate, &c. empowered.to fell and,convey

44 Lands. The Purchase-money for Lands in Settlement, to be laid out in Purchase of others to the fame

*4 Uses. Commissioners empowered to build the Court-house. . Court-house not to be taxed higher than

“ the Premises purchased were taxed. Commissioners not to purchase any Ground till valued by a Sur-

€C veyor. Commissioners not to begin building the Court-house, untihthey have approved of a Plan, and

<4 agreed to an Estimate thereof, and contracted for building thereon. The Expence of repairing the

<4 Court-house to be defrayed out of the County Rates. By whose Order the Court-house mall be re-

€t paired. Recital of Act 5 iff 6 Gul. & Mar. for establishing the Orphans Fund; and 21 Geo. II. and

<4 7 Geo. III. for augmenting the fame. City of London to pay an Annuity of 247 /. 10 r. to the Commis-

44 sioners, by Half-yearly Payments. The Mayor, idc. to grant fifty-five Bonds for securing the Annuity.

44 The Bonds to be numbered, and may be fold. Annuities to be redeemable by the City on six Months

44 Notice. The Orphans Fund charged with the Payment of the Annuities. The Justices to pay to the

44 Commissioners (out of the County Rates) such further Sum as {hall be necessary, not exceeding 2co0/.

44 Expences of this Act how to be paid. Commissioners may appoint Officers, and allow them Salaries.

44 Place and Time of first Meeting. - Fifteen Commissioners may appoint an extraordinary Meeting.

44 Proceedings to be entered in a Book. A yearly Account of all Monies received and paid to be made

44 by the Treasurer, and deposited with the Clerk of the Peace. Persons may inspect the Books, &c.

44 When the Court-house is built, &c. the Authority of the Commissioners to cease, and Court-house

44 hefted in the Dean of Westminster, &c. Saving the Rights of the Justices for Middlesex to hold their

44 Meetings in Westminster. Writings to be without Stamps. Limitation of Actions. General Issue*

44 Treble Costs. Public Act.”

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for paving jfhe High Street or Road leading from Aldersgate-barsy in the Parish of Saint Botolph

without Aldersgate, London, to the Turnpike near the Errd of Goswell-street, in the County of Middlesex ;

and for applying the Sum of five thousand Pounds, to be raised upon the Credit of the Surpluses to aiife

out of a certain Fund commonly called Floe Orphans Fundy for such Purpose.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, more effectually to

enable the Pariflnoners of the Parish of Christchurch, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or

ere Si a Workhouse, for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for the mote cjfeflual

Support and Employment of the Poor therein.

CAP. LXXV. /

An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Basingflole, in the County of

Southampton, to communicate with the River Wey, in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County

of Surrey; and to the South-east Side of the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Furgifs, in

the said County of Southampton.

WHEREAS the making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Basingfloke^ in the County of

Southampton, through or near the several PariOies, Hamlets, or Places oi Basingftoie% Ea/tropy

4 Basing) Maplederwell, And welly Nately, Skewers, Newnhaniy Ro: Lerwick} Hartley - wejlf a ll, Fur fifty

4 Hcckfotdy

305

Justices, &c. to

afiift in the Ex-

ecution of this

Alt.

Public Act

Preamble

