5*3

delivered to the

Clerk of the

Peace at the

next (Quarter

Seffins.

Penalty on Af-

feil'or, &e. who

shall alter, or

neglect to deliver

any Duplicate as

above, rtire&ed.

If Clerk of the

Pta'e shall not

receive all the

Duplicates before

the end of Mi-

chaelmas Sef<

fions yearly, the

Court rtiall im-

mediately fine

the Chief Con-

fl i^h s making

Default.

On Failure of

Payment, Fines

ns«y he levied by

Distrcfs.

Cafe Chief

Copfiables make

Oath that Af-

feffors neglected

to deliver feid

Duplicates to

thwa,.

then the Finos

shall be levied on

the said Assess’ora,

except they de-

Ii»er the Im-

plicates, Ac.

within ten Days

after Notice:

But if AflVfTors,

within faidTimr,

shall produce to

the Clerk of the

Peace the Chief

Constables Re-

ce pt, then the

Fine shall be le-

vied on laidCon-

ItJOlfS.

Fines t£> be paid

to the Treaiurcr

of the County,

&c.

When AiTefT-

mei ts are not

made, and re-

turned to the

Chrk of the

Pr.-ce. Justices

may order them

to be made and

returned fotth-

with.

0*17. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A. D. 1780.

such Vkffeffors are hereby required to deliver such Duplicate, fa amended, within ten Days after the Re-

ceipt thereof, to one of the Chief Constables of the Hundred, Lath, or Wapentake, within which the

Parish or Place for which such Assessment was made shall lie, taking the Receipt of such Chief Constable for

the fame, and which Receipt such Chief Constable is hereby required to give; and such Chief Constable is

hereby also required to deliver such Duplicate upon Oath (which Oath the fa id Magistrates are hereby

impowered to administer), without any Alteration, at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for

the County, Riding, or Division, within which such Assessment shall be made, in open Court, the first

Day of such Sessions, to the Clerk of the Peace attending such Sessions, to be by him filed and kept

amongst the Records of the Sessions.

IV. And be it further enacted. That if any Assessor shall neglect to deliver such Duplicate so amended,

to such Chief Constable as aforesaid, or if such Chief Constable, to whom the fame shall be delivered, shall

neglect to deliver the fame to such Clerk of the Peace, at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace as

aforesaid, or shall wilfully alter or deface any such Duplicate ; every such Ail'essor and Chief Constable so

offending shall, for every such Offence, and for every such Duplicate so negletted to be delivered as afore-

said, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in the Manner herein after mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That at the Michaelmas Sessions in every Year, the Clerk of the Peace,

t>r his Deputy, attending such Sessions, in every County, Riding, or Division, as aforesaid, shall, before

the Conclusion of such Sessions, examine whether the Duplicates of all the Assessments within such

County, Riding, or Division, shall have been delivered for that Year ; and if it shall appear ithat any

such Duplicates have not been received by or delivered to such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, by the

proper Chief Constables, then and in such Cafe such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall report the

fame to the Court, and the Court shall immediately set and impose the said Fine or Fines of five Pounds

upon such Chief Constables, for the Hundred, Lath, or Wapentake, within which the Parish or Place

for which such Duplicate or Duplicates of the Assessment or Afleftinents not returned shall lie* and the

said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall give to such Chief Constables immediate Notice of such.

Fine or Fines ; and if the fame is or are not immediately paid, the Justices affmbled in the said Quarter

Sessions shall, by Order of Court, issue a Warrant of Distress for the Recovery thereof, directed to the

Constable or Constables of the respective Parishes or Places where such Chief Constables (ha)J Jive;

and such Warrant shall be delivered or transmitted by the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, to such

Constables, or one of them, who is and are hereby required to levy such Fine or Fines, by Distress and

Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuchChief Constables, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners

of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Distress.

VI. Provided always. That if such Chief Constables shall voluntarily make Oath at such Sessions, that,

such Duplicate or Duplicates was or were not delivered to them, or either of them, by such Assessor or

Assessors, then, and in such Cafe, the said Fine or Fines, herein before directed, shall be set and imposed*

upon such Assessor or Assessors of the Parish or Place, Parishes or Places, for which such Duplicate or Du-

plicates shall not be returned ; and the Justices assembled in such Quarter Sessions shall, by Order of

Court, issue a Warrant of Distress for the Recovery thereof, directed to the Constable or Constables of*

such Parish or Place, or respective Parishes or Places, or to such other Person or Persons as such Justices

shall think proper; and also shall, by Order of Court, require the Chief Constables, or one of them, tOx

give Notice to such Assessor or Assessors, that such Fines have been set and imposed ; and such Chief Con-

stables are hereby required to serve such Notices upon such Assessors within fourteen Days next after such

Sessions; and if such Assessors, or one of them, shall not deliver such Duplicate, or the Chief Constable’s*

Receipt for the fame, to the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, for such County, Riding, or Division*

within ten Days after being served with such Notice, then and in such Cafe the said Clerk of the Peace*

or his Deputy, shall deliver or transmit such Warrant of Distress against the Assessor, to the Person or

Persons to whom the fame shall be directed, who is hereby required to levy the said Fine set upon such

Assessor, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Assessor or Assessors, rendering the Over-

plus (if any) to the Owner or Owners, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Distress.

VII. Provided always. That if such Assessors, or either of them, shall, within the said ten Days after

such Notice, produce to the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, the Receipt of such Chief Constables,

or one of them, for such Duplicate, then and in such Cafe such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall*

deliver or transmit the Warrants against such Chief Constables, or such of them who shall have signed

such Receipt, to the proper Constable or Constables to whom the fame shall be directed, that the fame

may be executed a> afoielaid, and the Warrant or Warrants for levying the Fine or Fines upon such Affciior

or Assessors shall not be executed.

VIII. And be ix further emitted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Fines to be set and imposed upon>

such Chief Constables and Affcfl'ors as aforesaid, shall> after the fame shall be so levied and recovered, be,

by the Person or Persons who shall levy and recover the fame, paid to the Treasurer of the County*.

Riding, or Division, wherein the fame shall be levied or recovered, or the lawful Deputy of such Trea-

surer, to be applied and dispoffd of as Part of the County Stock, unJer the Diiettion of the Sessions of

such County, Riding, or Division.

IX. And be it further enacted. That whenever any Affefiinertt shall not have been made by the Assessor<

or Assessors of any Parish or Place, and returned to the Chief Constable* and by the Chief Constable to

the Clerk of the Pe*cc, by the Neglect or Default of any Person concerned therein, it shall and may be

lawful for the said Justices at the said Quarter Sessions, or any two Justices for such County, Riding, or

Division, out of Sessions, to order and direct such AffefimeiK or Affdlinents forthwith to be made and

returned in Manner aforesaid ; and such Assessmenis so made and returned, shall have the.fameand the like*

Eft'edt as if made and returned at the Time and in the Maimer herein before directed..

X. An d

