524

♦n Burgh Rood*,

on Innkeeper*,

Caitc rs, *:c.

er.IIou sch older«,

on Tratkfmen,

on Occupier* of

Land under 201.

Sco/s of Valua-

tion*

Exception of

yearly Servants,

Cottcri, &c.

of Clergymen

and Schoulmaf-

ten.

of indigent Per-

foos.

"Where a cumulo

Valuation,

I?roprieois and

their FatiorMo

make up State*,

In Default, may

be compelled to

pay for all the

Lands so valued

in cumulo.

Tenants may

complain of such

•States,

Proprictois have

Relief.

Mode of sHV fling

Burgh Ronds,

Burghs, Vil-

lages, dec,

Assessors to re-

turn, on Oath,

■Lift of Occupier*

of Burgh Roods

and Houses,

of Rtnts of

Burgh Rood* s

Return also Lifts

of the lnhab t-

an» of each Pa-

ri fh :

of Horses and

Servants 'or Hi re.

Afllflois cbliged

to act.

Proviso*

AflVflrnents, dec.

payable half-

yearly.

G. 24.

Anno vicesimo Georg 11 Ilf.

A.D. 1780*

occupied by them respectively, according as the said Lands (land valued in the Tax-roll of the Stewartry,

at a Kate not exceeding the Sum of fifteen Shillings Sterling for each hundred Pound Scats of such valued

Rent* except as to the fourth Division, as herein-after mentioned : And all Occupiers of Burgh Roods,

or Lands lying in the Territory of Royal Burghs* whether Proprietors or Tenants, shall pay, as Assess-

ment or Conversion for Statute-labour, a Sum not exceeding three Pence Sterling per Antium^ for each

Pound Sterling of yearly real Rent, payable for Burgh Lands occupied by them, which shall be diminished

in the fame Proportion that the aforesaid Assessment or Conversion of Lands in the Parish shall be dimi-

nidled : And all Innkeepers, Carters, Carriers, and other Persons keeping Horses for Hire, shall pay a»

AiTcfTment or Conversion for Statute-labour of such Horses, the Sum of two Shillings Sterling yearly for

each Horse so kept for Hire, and one Shilling Sterling yearly for each Person working the said Horse:

And all Householders or Inhabitants of Royal Burghs and Villages, that now are, or hereafter may be,

erected, and the Occupier or Occupiers of any House within the said Stewartry, shall, in the Place of

their Statute-labour, pay yearly an Assessment or Conversion of one Shilling and six Pence Sterling for

every Dwelling-house occupied by them, whereof the Rent exceeds fifteen Shillings Sterling yearly: And

all Tradesmen and their Journeymen, not being Householders or Occupiers of Land (Apprentices bound

by regular Indentures excepted), shall, in Lieu of Statute-labour, pay each one Shilling and six Pence

Sterling yearly. And where Householders occupy any profitable Land near to their Houses, on which a

Horse or Horses are employed or used for its Working or Improvement, the Valuation of which Land does

not exceed twenty Pounds Scotsy the said Householder or Occupier shall pay, as Assessment or Conversion

for the Statute-labour of the said Horse, one Shilling Sterling for each Horse yearly, over and above what

he shall be rated at for the Valuation of his Land.

IV. Provided always, That Servants hired by the Year, and Cotters of other Labourers who are en-

gaged to work by the Year, whose Matters shall be bound to pay an Assessment or Conversion as Occu-

piers of the Lands wherein such Servants, Cotters, and Labourers reside, shall not be liable to pay any

Conversion for their Statute-labour. Provided also, That Clergymen and School matters shall not pay any

Assessment or Conversion for their Manses, Glebes, or Houses, nor for Servants occupied therein, unless

they shall be Occupiers of other Lands as Tenants or Proprietors; in which Cafe, they are to pay, for.

such other Lands so occupied by them, according to the Rate of the Class to which they belong. Pro-,

vided also. That it shall be in the Power of the said Trustee3 at their Division Meeting (herein-after men-

tioned) to exempt from Payment of Assessment or Conversion for Statute-labour, fuen Persons as to then^

shall appear to be in indigent Circumstances.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where any Lands rated at a

cumulo Valuation in the Books of the said Stewartry arc occupied by Division or in separate Possessions, the

^Proprietors of such Lands, or their Factors, shall and are hereby required to make up and deliver to the

Clerk of the General Meeting* upon the second Tucfdaj in June, as herein-afeer mentioned, or in ten

Days thereafter, a true State or Account of the Valuation of such respective Lands, with the Names.of

the Tenants who occupy the fame* and of the Parishes wherein they are situated, and the Proportion of

valued Rent falling upon each Farm, suitable to the yearly Rent of the fame: And, in case any Proprietor

shall fail to give in such State or Account, it shall be in the Power of any five or more of the said Trustees,

or any Person or Persons authorised by them, to compel such Proprietor or Proprietors to pay for the

Whole of such Lands so valued in cumulo, according to the valued Rent thereof* in the Valuation Books

of the said Stewartry* and to cause the fame to be levied in the Manner and for the Purposes herein-after

mentioned : And* in case any Tenant shall think such State of Valuation given in by the Proorietor un-

equal, it shall be lawful for such Tenant to complain to the next or any subsequent General Meeting of

Trustees herein-after mentioned, whose Determination thereon shall be final. And the Proprietors may

recover in Manner herein-after mentioned from their Tenants the Sums they may be obliged to pay for

them respectively.

4 VI. And, for ascertaining the Conversion payable by the Occupiers of Burgh Roods and Houses in

* Royal Burghs and Villages, and by other Householders as above-mentioned,9 be it further enacted, That

any five or more of the said Trustees, at their fi:ft General Meeting in June, or at any adjourned General

Meeting of the said Trustees, and yearly thereafter, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to

nominate and appoint two or more Assessors for each Borough, Village, and Division, within the said

Stewartry, who, within the Space of one Calendar Month after their Appointment, shall yearly return

upon Oath (to be administered by a Justice of the Peace, or a Magistrate of any of the Royal Burghs)

to the Clerk of the General Meeting, as herein-after mentioned, an exact Lift of the Occupiers of the

said Burgh Roods and Houses, and the Rents of the said Burgh Roods, where the fame arc in Tenantry,

or to the best of their Judgment the annual Value of such Burgh Roods, where they are in the natural

Possession of the Proprietor, or where the Rent paid by the Tenant cannot be ascertained: And the fsid

Assessors shall and are hereby required and empowered to make up full and distinct annual Lifts of all the

Inhabitants of each Parish, who are chargeable with any of the Conversions imposed by this Act, other

than the landed Proprietors for their Valuation Lands: And also Accounts of the Horses and Servants

kept therein for Hire and otherways, specifying the different Classes to which the said Inhabitants and

Horses belong : Which Lifts and Accounts, when so made up, shall be delivered to the said Trustees at

their Division Meeting, or to their Clerk, herein-after mentioned : And the said Assessors are hereby re-

quired, and shall be obliged to act and to perform their Duty faithfully, according to the Intent and Mean-

ing of this Act, tinder the Penalty of five Pounds Sterling for every Offence, to be levied and applied as

herein.after mentioned : But no Person shall be obliged to hold the Office of Assessor for more than two

Years successively, nor shall again be obliged to accept of the said Office, during the Space of six Years

thereafter: And the whole Sums arising from the aforesaid Assessment or Conversion shall be paid in two

equal Moieties^ on or before the twenty-fifth Day of June% and twenty-fifth Day of December yearly, to.

the

^

