230 C. 40, 41^ Anno decimo octavo Georott III. A.D. 1778.

“ the passing of this Act; and on or before Dec. 25, 1778, qualify themselves, shall be indem-

' “ nified against ^ot to indemnify any Person for any Penalty incurred by neglecting to qua-

‘t jjfy t'erfons producing Appointments and Admissions before Dec. 25, 1778, {hall be confirmed,

" and qualified to act as Cleric, Officer, or Member of Corporations, CV. may enjoy all Offices into

“ which they have been ele&cd; and shall be indemnified from all Penalties and Damages incurred by rea-

“ son of Omissions. _Not to extend to restore Persons to any Office avoided by Judgment. Persons who

shall cause Affidavits to be filed before Michaelmas Term,- 1778, are indemnified and discharged from

“ Penalties. Persons prosecuted and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the General Issue.

CAP. XL.

An Act to repeal such Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to

the Manner of discharging Bonds given for the due Exportation of certain Goods from

Great Britain to foreign Parts; and to extend such Part of the fame Act, as obliges the

Master of British or Irish Ships, failing from any of his Majesty’s Dominions into the

Baltic, to deliver a Manifest of their Cargoes to the Consul residing there, to the

like Vessels failing into Denmark, Norway, and Archangel.

Preamble.

*7 Geo. 11K

Cap. 41, recited>

and, in Part,

repealed*

Part of the said

AO relating to

the Pons in the

Bailie, extended

to Denirark,

Ac,

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act to brevent the

clandestine unshipping from and receiving Goods at Sea on hoard Vessels employed in the Euft India Com-

party1 s Service \ for ascertaining the Manner of discharging Bonds given for the due Exportation of certain Goods

from Great Britain to foreign Parts; and to oblige the Majlen of British or Irish ohips, foiling from any of

4 his Majesty s Dominions into the Baltic, to deliver a Mantfefto of their Cargoes to the British Consul residing

4 there), it is amongst other Things enacted, That no Bond, given in pursuance of any Act or Acts of.

4 Parliament, for the due and regular Exportation of any Goods, which are or may he prohibited to be

worn, or used, in Great Britain, or which are or may be intitled to any Drawback, Bounty, or Pre-

4 mium, payable out of any Money arising by the Revenue of Customs, Upon Exportation from this King-

4 dom into foreign Parts, shall be delivered up, cancelled, or discharged, until Certificates shall be pro-

duced of the Exportation to, and landing such Goods at, the Ports and Places mentioned in such Bond,

04 or until Proof be made upon Oath in relation thereto, in such Manner and Form as in the said recited

4 Act is directed: And whereas it has been found very prejudicial to the Trade of this Kingdom, and in

4 many Cafes impracticable for the Exporters of such Goods to obtain the Certificates, and make the

4 Proof, in the Manner required by the said Act for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most

excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after

the passing of this Act, such Part of the said recited A<£t, as requires Certificates to be produced, and Proof

to be made, for the Discharge of any Bonds entered into in this Kingdom, for the due Exportation of the

Goods therein mentioned to any foreign Parts, shall be, and the lame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day

of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, such Part of the said recited Act, as requires the

Master, Commander, or other Person having the Charge of any British or Irish Ship or Vessel, failing from

Great Britain or Ireland, or any other Part of his Majesty’s Dominions, to any Port or Place in the Baltic,

to deliver to the British Consul residing there, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed for

that Purpose determined by him, a true Manifest, in Writing, upon Oath, specifying the Particulars of the whole

Cargo of such Ship or Vessel, with the Marks and Numbers of the Package containing the fame, shall ex-

tend, and be construed to extend, to such British or Irish Ships or Vessels, as shall fail from Great Britain

or Ireland\ or any other Part of his Majesty’s Dominions, to any of the Parts of Denmark, Norway, and

Archangel in the same Manner, and under the fame Restrictions, in all Refpedb, as is and are dnedted

and required by the said recited Act, with regard to such Vessels failing to any Port or Place in the Baltic

CAP. XLI.

An Act for uniting the Free Grammar School of fames King of England, within the Town of Henley upon

Thames, in the County of Oxford, with the Charity School founded in the fame Town by Dame Eliza-

beth Periam Widow; and for the better Regulation and Management of the find Endowments.

44 The Preamble recites the Letters Patent of King fames I, and the Will of William Gravett; Dame

44 Elizabeth Periam's Foundation of a Charity School; the present annual Income of the two Schools; the

44 present Governors of the Free Grammar School; and of Dame Elizabeth Periam's; Inconveniencies'at-

44 tending the present Establfthment. It is then enacted that the two Charities shall be consolidated, and

44 united together, by the Title of The United Charity Schools in Henley, in the County of Oxford. The

44 Governors of both Schools united together as Trustees f* r the new Establi!) nu n:; Who are to be a Body

44 Corporate: T heir Name, and Powers. Estates and Effects of both Scho Is veiled in the Trustees;

44 w ho are empowered to dispose of the fame for the Purposes this Act. Expe,-. — *f 'his Act to be first

44 paid. To promote and facilitate the Sale and Exchange of *.he Eft.c^s Pu'« .1 e to hold the Lands,

44 discharged from all Uses, Trusts, &c. Trustees authority d ro g*ant > ! g 1 i*t Lea es for

44 long Perms of Years, without taking Fines, &c. M 'Tts, Uih-'.s, s.’ f t> ' ' ' c , p -mted by

44 the Trustees; who are to allow them Salaries. Trustees to cW M * e n 'tad,

44 &c. and may make Bye-laws; to be allowed by the 13;.lip of ' */he

