508 C. ii—-14. Anno vicesimo Georgii; Ilf« A.D. 1-780.

This A& not t* VI. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein

bm^of^port before Contained shall extend to, or be construed to extend to, the imposing any Condition or Restriction

to, or import uP°n or in respect of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which by an Act passed in the eighteenth Year

from, America of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to permit the Exportation of certain Goods directly from

or Africa, grant- Ireland into any British Plantation in America, or any British Settlement on the Coafi ^Africa; and for further

cdto thelrift by encouraging the Fisheries and Navigation of Ireland; or which by any other Act or Acts of Parliament may

any ormerAS. D0W ]e^ajjy exported from Ireland to any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America and thoJVefi

Andies^ or to the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, or which may flow be legally imported, into

Ireland from any of the Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements aforesaid; any Thing hereinbefore con-

tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

NoPersonto VII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that this Act shall not

trade to any Co- extend, or be construed to extend, to allow any Person or Persons to trade to, from, or in, any Colony

lony in America . or Plantation in America, during such Time, and in such Manner, as the Trade or Inrercourse of Great

Trade ii^rohi- Britain with such Colony or Plantation is or shall be prohibited or restrained by any Act or Acts of Par-

bite/by Act of lament made, or hereafter to be made, in this Kingdom; but whenever Trade and Intercourse shall be

'Parliament. permitted between Great Britain and such Colony or Colonies, the fame Trade and Intercourse shall in

like Manner be permitted and allowed between Ireland and the said Colony or Colonies.

CAP. XL

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act:, made in the thirty-second Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for laying a

Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one fix lb Part of a Penny Sterlings upon every Scots Pint of

Ale^ Porter, and Beer, which Jkall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within

the Town of Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for finishing a Bridge cross the River Tweed,

and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Preamble.

Act 32 Geo. II.

recited.

audforther con-

tinued for si

Y fart,

Public KQu

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late

c VV Majesty King George the Second, a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Ster-

ling, was laid upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, which should be brewed for Sale, brought

into, tapped, or fold, within the Town and Parish of Keifo, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for finishing a

4 Bridge cross the River Tweed; for repairing the Streets of the said Town; for procuring and conveying

4 to proper Places within the said Town a sufficient Supply of fresh and wholesome Water; and for build*

4 ing and erecting a Workhouse for maintaining and employing the Poor of the said Town and Parish, and

for purchasing proper Materials for setting the said Poor to work; which Duty was to commence and have

Continuance from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June* one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine,

f for and during the Term of twenty-one Years, and to the End of the then pext Section of Parliament:

4 Aqd whereas the Trustees appointed for putting the said Act in Execution have caused the said Bridge

to be finiQied, and have expended the whole Produce of the said Duty, together with a considerable Sum

■4 of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, in finishing the said Bridge only; which Money cannot be

4 repaid, and the other Works, directed by the said Act, carried into Execution, unless the Term and

4 Powers of the said Act be continued :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fatae. That the said Act shall continue in full Force and be executed, from the Expiration of the Term

thereby granted, for and during the further Term of twentyj-one Year?, and from thence to the End of

the then next Section of of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act {hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public Ad;

and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, with-

out specially pleading the same.

CAP. XII. . ’

An Act for puniQiing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their

Quarters.

CAP. XIII. ‘

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred

and eighty.

CAP.

