C. 75. Anno decimo ofitavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778*

€ HcdfuM, G/ swell> 0diham 1 JVinchfield, ttogmenfieli^ Crondell, Yately, Alderjbotty Ash% Purbright, TVo*

4 ki>igy Horsel!% and Chertsey, to communicate with the River in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County

4 of Surrey, and from the South-east Side of the Turnpike Road in the said Parish of Turgtfs, over or near

4 Turgifs-green, and through the said Parish of Hartley-weflpall% to communicate with the said Canal at a

4 Farm called IIulPs Farmy in the said Parish of Hartley-wejlpall, will tend to improve the Lands and

4 Efbtes within the said Counties, and will be of public Utility: And whereas the several'Persons herein-

4 after particularly named are desirous, at their own proper Coils and Charges, to make and complete

4 such Navigable Canal as afore said, in case they {hall be authorised so to do by Authority of Parliament:9

May it therefore, LV.

Names of Proprietors; who are incorporated. Their Title. Company of Proprietors empowered to

€4 make a Navigable Canal from Baflngfloke to the River IVey, and to build Bridges, Tunnels, Sluices,

* &c. and to dig Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, and make Towing-paths, batisfaction to be made

4 for Damages. Canal may be carried through any Land, which, on^fan. 1, 1777, was not a Garden,

<4 tsfc. Power to enter upon Lands to take Levels, WV. Width of the Ground to be taken for the Canal,

44 &e. limited. Owners of Lands, who are under Incapacities, empowered to sell and convey the fame,

44 Sales and Conveyances to be valid. Conveyances to be inrolled. Copyhold Lands to be surrendered.

44 Commissioners appointed to settle Differences respecting the Value of the Lands, or the Damages to be

*4 sustained. If any of the Parties are dissatisfied with the Determination of the Commissioners, then the

44 Value of the Lands, and the Damages, to be ascertained by a Jury. How the Jury {hall besummoned.

44 Jurors may be challenged. Verdict of the Jury, and Judgment thereupon, to be final. Previous No-

44 tice^to be given. Penalty on Sheriff, Coroner, Jurors, making Default. By whom the Expences

44 of the Jury {hall be paid. Party requesting the Jury, to give Security for prosecuting the Complaint.

44 Commissioners not to receive any Complaint, unless Application be first made to the Proprietors. How

44 Persons giving false Evidence {hall be punished. Upon Payment or Tender of the Money agreed for,

*4 the Company of Proprietors may take Possession of Land;, and cre6l any Works thereon. Deter*

44 minations of the Commissioners or Jury to be recorded by the Clerk of the Peace, and may be given in

44 Evidence. Lands veiled in the Company of Proprietors. The Purchase-money for Lands in Settle-

44 ment, if above the Sum of 20/. to be laid out in Purchase of others to the fame Uies; and until such

44 Purchase, to be placed in the Funds. Commissioners to determine what Share of the Purchase-money

44 shall be paid to Persons having particular Interests. How Purchase-money may be recovered from the

44 Company of Proprietors. If Damages and Cods are not paid in four Months, they may be levied by

44 Distress. Annual Rents charged upon the Rates. Method of Recovery thereof. The Canal to be

44 carried through only certain Parts of the Estates of Mr. Ashe and Mr Penruddocke, unless they consent.

44 Bridges to be built across the Canal. A Bridge to be made over Tundry-pond* in Dogmerjfield-park 5

44 and Bridges across the Canal, along the Roads made by Solomon Dayrolles Esquire, near Henley park.

44 Nothing shall be done to prejudice Mr. Dayrolies's Ponds or Mills. Certain Brooks and Streams run-

44 ning into the River Loddon not to be diverted. *• Water not to be diverted to the Prejudice of the IVey

44 Navigation. Clause to indemnify Lord Onslow from any Loss in his Tolls, provided such Loss be oc-

44 cafioned by means of the Canal. How the Damages are to be ascertained. Company of Proprietors

44 not to divert any Water which usually supplies Lord Onslow's Ponds. Persons wilfully destroying the

44 Works, to be punished as Felons. Penalty on obstructing the Navigation. Clause for securing Coals,

44 Iron-stone, tdc. to the Owners of the Lands where found ; who may cut Soughs, efr. to unwater the

44 fame; but not work any Mines within a certain Distance of any Tunnels, without Consent of the

44 Company of Proprietors. No Mines, iffc. to be worked within twenty Yards of the Canal without

44 Consent of Proprietors. Proprietors may examine whether Mines are worked within twenty Yards of

44 the Canal; and in that Cafe, the Canal to be secured from Damage at the Expence of the Owners of

44 the Mines. Company of Proprietors to contribute 86,000/. to be divided into Shares. No Proprietor

44 to have less than one nor more than forty Shares. Application of the Money. The Money to be

44 divided into 860 Shares. Shares vested in the Subscribers. What Proportion of the Profits of the Na-

44 vigation each Subscriber will be intitled to Company of Proprietors empowered to raise among thera-

44 selves a further Sum of 40,000/.; of which, any Proprietor may subscribe for ten Shares. Subscribers

44 to be paid Intereil. Every Subscriber for one 860th Share deemed a Proprietor 5 and may vote by

*4 Proxy; and shall be intitled to give one Vote for every 100/. subscribed. General Meetings of the

44 Company of Proprietors. Committee to be appointed, rower to hold special Meetings. Committees

44 to be subject to the Controul of the General Meetings of the Company. Books of Accounts to be

44 locked up. On Failure of a sufficient Number at the General Assembly, no Committee shall be ap-

44 pointed, but another Meeting held for that Purpose. Penalty on Proprietors not attending the second

4‘ Meeting. General Assembly to audit and settle the Accounts. General Assembly and Committees em-

4< powered to make Calls. Committees to manage thfc Affairs of the Company. Proprietors to pay the

44 Calls at the Time required, under a Penalty for Default; and if not paid within two Calendar Months,

44 then to forfeit their respeflive Shares. No Forfeiture of a Share to take place unless declared at a Gc-

44 neral Assembly within six Calendar Months, tdc. General Assembly empowered to remove any of the

44 Committee, and any of their Officers, and to revoke or alter any Rules, Directions, £5fc. Power to

4< make Bye-laws. Executors, Administrators, Guardians, &c. liable to pay the Calls.# In case of De-

44 ficiency of Affetts, any other Persons may become Proprietors of the Shares, on paying the Money ad-

44 vanced thereon. Proprietors enabled to fell or dispose of their Shares, iffc. After a Call is made, no

44 Person to fell till such Call be paid. Form of the Conveyance of Shares. Company of Proprietors not

?4 10 begin any of the Works till 86,000 /. be subscribed, and 10 per Cent. paid to the Treasurer. A Cleric

44 to

7

ooooie

