40 8.

Tenants for Life

of^O pyh. Id

Lvnis, Ac. imy

purchase F.n-

franco ifcment

thcuof ;

*Mt* ch.vge the

I *:t milfi « ith

the Payment of

tlicfjid Puichdfc

Money.

Grant*, Ac.

where the Con-

Sderation shall

not exceed to I*

not subject to

Stsfmp duty.

Enfranchised

Fremifes to re*

main subject to

Entails, Settle-

neiiti, Ac.

Grant* to fee

made at the Ex-

pence of the

Grantee*,

Officers Fees.

C. 45. Anno ^ecimo nano Georgii III. A. D. 1779,

Lease, as h,f> (he, oi they would, could, or qiight have had or taken in case this Act had not been made

ac\y Thing herein contained to the contrarynocwiihstanding.

4 IX. And whereas it may be convenient to Persons who are seised of Copyhold Lands and Estates (being

‘ within arid Parcel of the Honours, Manors, or Lordships, of the said Duchy of LancajUr), as Tenants

4 for Life only, to have the fame enfranchised,’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ic

shall and may be lawful for all such Tenants for Life, who are or (hall' be seised of any such Copyhold

Lands and Estates as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to contract and agree with

the said Chancellor and Council for the Enfranchisement, and for the Purchase of Timber thereon for dif-*

charging the said Copyhold Lands and Estates from the Payment of all Customary Fines, Fines of Ingress,

and other Fines, Heriots, Reliefs, Quit Rents, and other Dues and Payments, to which, by the respective

Customs of such Honours, Manors, orLordftiips, the fame are now, or would hereafter otherwise be subject

and liable to, and to pay to the said Chancellor and Council such Price or Consideration as shall be agreed

on for the fame: And after any such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be so en-

franchised and discharged from such Fines, Rents, Dues, and Payments, as aforesaid, it shall and may be

lawful for the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, being Tenants for Life as aforesaid, to charge

such Copyhold Lands and Estates with the Payment of the Money to be paid for the EnfranchisemcnC

thereof, and for discharging the fame from such Fines, Rents, Dues, and Payments, as aforesaid ; and for

ftcuring the Repayment of such Money with Interest, by Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under

their iespective Hands and Seals, to be duly executed by them, and attested by two or more credible Wit-

nefles, to grant, mortgage, lease, or demise, or otherwise subje# the Lands and Estates so charged as afore-

said, unto ftrch Person or Persons as shall advance and lend the fame respectively, for any Term or Number

of Years, so as such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise, be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease

and, be void, or with an express Trult to be surrendered, when the Money thereby to be secured, with the

Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied,; and also with a Covenant, that such respective Tenants

for Life shall pay and keep down the Interest of the Money to be thereby respectively secured during their

respective Lives, in such Manner that no Person afterwards coming into Possession of any such Lands and

Estates, shall be subjefi or liable to pay any farther or larger Arrear of Interest than for one Year pre-

ceding the Time when the Title to such Possession shall accrue and commence; and every such Grant,

Mortgage, Lease, or Demise, so to be made as aforesaid. shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law*

for the Purposes thereby intended, notwithstanding any Settlement, Will, Trust, Use, Remainder, Limi-

tation, or other Incumbrance, of and concerning the fame Lands and Estates, or any Part or Parts there-

of, then in being or capable of taking Effe#.

X. And be it further enacted. That where the Money to be paid as the Consideration for any such

Grant, Conveyance, or Assurance, shall not exceed the Sum of ten Pounds, such Grants, Conveyances,

and Assurances, under the Seal of the said Duchy, shall be subje# to no Stamp-duty for the fame; and

where the Consideration Money to be paid shall exceed ten Pounds, that the said Grants, Conveyances,

and Assurances, shall be subjelt only to such Stamp-duty as is or are, or hereafter may be by Law requifue

for any Deeds, whereby Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are conveyed.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted. That all and Angular the Premises to be enfranchised and dif-

charged as aforesaid, under and by virtue of this AS, shall, from and after the Conveyance and Assurance

thereof respectively, remain, enure, continue, and be subjeS and liable to all such Entails, Wills, Settle-

ments, Mortgages, Leases, Judgments, Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders, Reversions, and all other

Incumbrances, as the fame rremifes now are, or'at the Time of the making such Conveyances and Af-

furances thereof shall or may be subje# and liable to, in as large and ample Manner and Form as if this

A# had not been made ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Grants and Assurances to be made under the Seal aforesaid by

virtue of this Act, shall be sued forth and inrolled in Manner herein-before directed, at the Expence of the?

respective Grantees therein to be named; and that the several Fees hereafter mentioned, and no.more*

shall be charged for the fame by the Officers of the said Duchy; (that is to say,)

For Grants of

Reals

For Grants of Rents.

To the Register* for drawing and entering the Order for every Contract

To the Auditor, for the Particular and Certificate for the Grant

To the Clerk of the Council, for drawing, ingrossing, and inrolling the Grant

For Parchment 1 s. (or its real Cost, if exceeding 1 besides the Stamp-duty,.

if any required) - - - - -

To the Sealer, for the Seal and Wax - - -

Fpr the GranllFor every aidU

of i Angle Rent.'ional Rent ifr

/. S.

O 5

o 5

o 10

o

o

I

4

d.

o

o

o

o

o

the same Grant.

k s. d.

010

030

O f o

0

1

o

o

Total of Fees for a Grant of a single Rent - - •

And for every additional Rent contained in the fame Grant

o to o

For

