A.D. 1780.

Anno vicesimo Georg Hr.

C. 65.

60

Court, upon Application being made to them for that Purpnfc, to order the Clerk of, eh? said Court to

allow and pay to every such Prisoner, from and out of the Fees of the said Court, such Sum of Money

not exceeding four Pence per Day, or otherwise, as shall appear to them necessary for the Relief of every

such Prisoner.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Debtor or Debtors whosoever, shall be sum-

moned or have Notice or Warning to appear, or shall be compelled to appear, to answer any Debt or

Debts at any of the aforesaid Courts, save such as shallhe held within and for such of the aforesaid Districts

wherein such Debtor or Debtors shall have his, her, or their respective Dwelling-house or Place of Abode,

or Place of Dealing or Working.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the Parties in any Suit which shall be brought in the said Court, tocompromife and settle such Suit, either

before Hearing, or after Judgment, without having the Leave of or being obliged to apply to the said Court,

or any Person or Persons whomsoever, for that Purpose, and without any further or other Costs than those

which shall have been then incurred.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Isaac lFillfo*y of Bradford aforesaid,

Gentleman, shall be, and is hereby constituted and appointed, Clerk of the faiu Couitof Requests, during

his good Behaviour; and shall have yearly paid unto him, for the Service of hicnfelf and Deputies, and

also to find and provide the Books and Registers of the said Court, the Sum of two hundred and twenty

Pounds, and no more, by the Treasurer herein-after mentioned, from and out of the Fees of the fame

Court.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Isaac IFiUfon shall give Security, by Bond or otherwise,

to the good Liking and Approbation of the Commissioners, or the major Part of them, who shall be

assembled at the Court to be holden at Bradford upon the second Monday in August, one thousand seven

hundred and eighty, to three or more of such Commissioners, in any Sum not more than five hundred

Pounds, nor less than three hundred Pounds; and every other Clerk who shall at any Time hereafter be

elected, shall, immediately upon his Election, to the good Liking of the major Part of the Commissioners

who shall be then present, give sufficient Security, by Bond or otherwise, to any three or more of such

last-mentioned Commissioners, in any Sum not more than five hundred Pounds, nor less than the said Sum

of three hundred Pounds, for the Delivery of all Books, Papers, and Writings, belonging to or in any-

wife respecting the said Court of Rcquests, and for the accounting (which Account shall be upon Oath,

if required by the Treasurer herein-after mentioned) and due Payment by such Clerk of all Monies which

shall come to his Hands, either for the Use of the Suitors of the said Court, or as Fees due for the Ser-

vices of himself and Beadle, or either of them (and all which Fees every such Clerk shall and is hereby

impowered to receive), to the said Treasurer, annually, or oftener, if thereunto required by such Trea-

surer; and every such Clerk shall, from Time to Time, pay all the said Monies (except the Sum of fifty

Pounds, which shall always be left in the Hands of every Clerk to answer the Claims of the Suitors) unto

the said Treasurer, whensoever he shall be required so to do by such Treasurer \ and the Receipt and Re-

ceipts in full of such Treasurer, shall release and discharge the Clerk to whom the fame shall be given, and

his Sureties, of and from such Bond or Obligation as he and they shall have entered into, and of and from

all Claims and Demands by the Suitors, or any other Persons whomsoever, for or on account of the

Monies so received 3s aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until the Expence$ of procuring and

passing this present Act are discharged, the several Fees herein-after mentioned and expressed, and no

other, shall and may be taken for the respective Services of the said Clerk and Beadle; and that after such

Expences are discharged, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners, or the major Part of

them who shall be fitting and acting in Court at Bradford aforesaid, upon every second Monday in Sep-

tember in every Year thenafter, for ever, and they arc hereby impowered to fix, adjust, and appoint what

Fees shall be taken for the Services of the said Clerk and Beadle, in the Execution of this Act, for the

Year then next following such last-mentioned respective Court Days, and which shall be settled, as near

as can be, to answer and pay the several Salaries of every Officer or the said Court, and the several Pur-

poses of this Act, and shall in no Cafe exceed the several Sums herein-after expressed j (that is to say):

(To the Clerk,

\ To the Beadle,

For every Summons or Subpoena, to the Clerk,

For calling the Plaintiff or Defendant to appear.

For entering an Appearance, to the Clerk,

5 To the Clerk, * -

for every Hearing, $ To the Beadle,

For every Order or Nonsuit, and entering the fame, to the Clerk, -

For the Service of every Order, Summons, or Subpoena, upon a Petfon not in Court, to

the Beadle, -

And upon a Perfoit in Court,

For a Copy of every Order to be served, to the Clerk,

For every Execution, j To t‘hl Sadk,

Acknowledging Satisfaction in full, to the Clerk,

For every Search in the Books, to the Clerk,

Acknowledging Satisfaction in Part, to the Clerk,

For paying Money into Court, to the Clerk,

4 I

A

O

0

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

0

1

1

o

o

o

o

d.

4

2

2

4

h

z

4

6

a

4

o

6

6

a

2

8

Debtor? mt com

pellibif 0 appear

at any Court but

that held in thcif

respective Oil*

taitf i.

Parties may com*

prr'm’f: Matter!

without Appli-

cation to the

■Court.

Mr. WiLTon ap*

pointed Cleric,

with a Salary.

Clerk to g'veSe*

cuMjr,

Commiftonert td

(certain the

Fees to be paid*

fable of Fee* 1

A printed

