394-

on Fofeitort of

200 1.

Afttr the Vati

are emptied, the

Water* <hall re-

main in the

Frames, &c. un-

dilhirbed for 48

Houis.

Staichmaker to

give the Olhcer

a Notice iff

Writing speci-

fying the Hour

when each Vat

was emptied;

on Forfeiture of

1001*

Starchmaken to

give proper No-

tice to Officers

before they lake

utF the Slimes

and Wa/h from

Che lour Waters j

on Forfeiture of

jool.

When the ‘

Slimes are put

into a Tub, &c.

they shall re-

main there 24

Hours.

Starchmaker dis-

turbing them

during that

Time, See. shall

forfeit tool.

Duty on Starch

to be paid ac-

cording to the

Cange taken io

the four Wa-

ters.

Starchmaken

to eive No rice to

Officers before

they boa their

Starch, pait.cu-

Jarizing the

Frame, T1 b,

fee from which

it i* to be boxtd;

on Forfeiture cf

200 1.

C. 40. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

such Vat or Vats 5 and in case such Maker or Makers of Starch shall not begin to empty or wa{h out the said

Vat or Vats, at the Hour and Times mentioned io such Notice, or within two Hours next after, then every

such Notice shall be, and is hereby declared to be, void, and every such Maker and Makers of Starch shall,

and is hereby obliged to give a fre(n and like Notice in Manner aforesaid : And in case any such Maker or

Makers of Starch shall neglect or refuse to give such first Notice before he begins to empty or wash out his,

her, or their Vat or Vats, or to insert in such Notice the Particulars herein-before required, or to give at

fresh Notice in Manner aforesaid, before he begins to empty or wash out the Vat or Vats, in case he, (he*

or they, shall not begin and proceed to empty or wash out the said Vat or Vats at the Hour and Time

mentioned in the said first Notice, or within two Hours next afterward, such Maker or Makers of Starch

shall, in every, such Cafe, for every such Offence, forfeit and Jose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so soon as the said Vat or

Vats shall be so emptied or waited out as aforesaid, and the Waters shall be put into the Frames, Tubs, or

other Utensils, uftd for preparing and making the same into Starch, the said Waters shall remain unmoved

and undisturbed in the fame Frames, Tubs, or Utensils, for the Space of forty-eight Hours, at least, from

the Time of emptying and washing out the said Vat or Vats, agreeable to the said Notice, and that the

Slimts and Wash shall not, dating the said Space of forty-eight Hours,»be taken off the fame : And that

the Officers for the Duties upon Starch may be able to ascertain when the said Waters were so put into the

said Frames, Tubs, or Utensils, after the said Vat or Vats have been emptied or washed out, as aforesaid,

every Maker of Starch shall give, or cause to be given, to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such

Maker of Starch shall then be, a Notice in Writing, specifying therein the particular Hour or Time of the

Day when such Maker of Starch did finish the emptying or washing out of each and every Vat and Vats ;

and if any Maker or Makers of Starch shall, after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred

and seventy-nine, neglect to deliver such Notice as 1 aft aforesaid, he, (he, or they, shall, for every such

Neglect, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Maker or Makers of

Starch shall be desirous to take off from the four Waters the Slimes or Wash so put into the Frames, Tubs,

or Utensils, after the fame shall have been and have remained unmoved and undisturbed for the Space of

forty-eight Hours, as aforesaid, he, (he, or they, shall give to the Officer of Excise of the Division or Dif-

trid where his, her, or their Starch-house is situate, twelve Hours Notice, if such Starch-house shall be

wiihin the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or if such Starch-house shall be in any other

Part of Great Britain, twenty-four Hours Notice, of the particular Time and Hour when and at which he

intends to take off such Slimes and Wafti; and in case such Maker or Makers of Starch shall not begin

and proceed to take off the Slimes and Waft as aforesaid at the Time and Hour mentioned in such Notice,

or within Two Hours next after, then every such Notice shall be, and is hereby declared to be, void, and

every such Maker and Makers of Starch shall be, and is hereby obliged to give a fresh and like Notice, in

Manner aforesaid ; and in case any such Maker or Makers of Starch shall neglect to give such first Notice

before he begins to take off such Slimes or Waft), or to insert in such Notice the Particulars herein-before

required, or to give a fresh Notice, in Manner aforesaid, before he begins to take off such Slimes or Waft),

in case he, (he, or they, shall not begin and proceed to take off such Slimes and Wafti at the Hour and

Time mentioned in the said first Notice, or within two Hours next afterwards, such Maker or Makers of

Starch shall, in every such Cafe, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted. That when the Slimes shall be taken off, as aforesaid, and the fame shall

be put into any Tub or Tubs, or other Utensil, the fame shall remain in the fame Tub or Tubs, or other

Utensils, into which the fame shall have been first put, for the Space of twenty-four Hours after the fame

shall have been so taken off ; and if any Maker or Makers of Starch shall move or disturb the Waters after

the fame shall have been so emptied or wafbed out of the Vat or Vats into any Frame, Tub, or Utensil,

or shall take off the Slimes or Wash during the Space of forty-eight Hours, as aforesaid, or shall move or

disturb the Slimes after the fame shall have been put into such Tub or Tubs, or other Utensil, during the

Space of twenty-four Hours, as aforesaid, then, and in every such Cafe, such Maker and Makers of Starch

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

4 X. And, the better to prevent any Frauds by the secreting or concealing of Starch/ be it enacted

by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Officer or Officers for the said Duties upon Starch shall at any

Time miss any Quantity or Quantities of Starch, of which an Account had been taken by Gauge, whilst

the fame was in the four Waters or Slimes, respectively, and before the said Starch has been put into the

Boxes, and shall not, upon reasonable Demand, receive Satisfaction what is become of the fame, then,

and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers to charge the Maker of such

Starch according to the Gauge taken of the fame in the four Waters or Slimes, as aforesaid, respectively,

and every such Maker shall pay the Duty so charged.

4 XI. And, for the further securing the Duty on Starch/ be it further enacted by the Authority afore-

said, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, when

any Maker or Makers of Starch shall give Notice of his Intention to box, as required by an Act, made in

th* fourth Year of the Reign of his Tate Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act to prevent

Frauds in the Revenue of Excise with respect to Starchy Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate), every such Maker of

Starch shall, in each such Notice, express and declare the particular Frame, Tub, or other Utensil, from

which he, (he, or they, intend to box any Starch 5 and that when any such Maker or Makers of Starch

shall begin to box such Starch, they shall proceed and continue to box the fame until the whole Quantity

of Starch in each such Frame, Tub, or other Utensil, shall be perfectly boxed; and if any Maker or

Makers c f Starch shall, at any Time after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-mre, n-*gled to give Notice of his Intention to box his green Starch, or shall neglect to insert ip

every such No ice the particular Frame, Tub, or other Utensil, from which the btarch is intended to he

3 boxed

