A. D. 1777* Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 62. 159

* IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, it Persons m»y foe

shall and may bejawful to and for all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who now hath or have, or for Debl1 uadc*

hereafter shall or*may have any Debt or Debts, not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, due or owing 40 i#

to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or as Executor, Administrator, Guardian, or

Trustee, by or from any other Person or Persons whatsoever, inhabiting or residing within the Parishes

aforesaid, or trading and dealing, or seeking a Livelihood therein, to apply to either of the Clerks of the

said Court, or his or their Deputy or Deputies for the Time being ; who (nail immediately make an Entry How Officer*

in his Book of the Cause, expressing the Names of the Parties, and the Sum demanded; and shall there- »re to proceed,

upon make out and deliver a Summons in Writing under his Hand, directed to such Debtor or Debtors,

expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and the Name or Names of such Party or Parties de-

manding the fame; thereby requiring and commanding such Debtor or Debtors to appear, at a certain

Time and Place, before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Demand ; and the Serjeant

or Serjeants of the said Court shall forthwith serve, or cause such Summons to be served, on such Debtor

or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the fame at the Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, Lodging,

Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing or working of such Debtor or Debtors within the Pa-

rities aforesaid ; and the said Commissioners, or any threeor more of them, shall, upon Proof made of the

Service of such Summons, have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to make due Inquiry

concerning such Demands, and to pronounce and give such final Sentence or Judgment, and to make such

Interlocutory or final Orders and Decrees therein as to them shall seem moil just and equitable.

4 X. And, for the better regulating the Proceedings of the said Court, and rendering this Act effectual Commissionero

4 for the Purposes thereof,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Commissioners for the way reguire

Time being, or any three or more of them, being a Majority of the Commissioners assembled in Court as the CouVt^*

aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, and as often as c u'

they (hill fee Occasion, at any of the said Courts, to make such Rules or Orders for the better regulating

the Practice of the said Court, as to them shall seem necessary and conducive to the Purposes of this Act, so

&s they shall be consistent with Equity, and do not tend to lefien, abridge, or alter the Fees herein-after

allowed by this Act to be taken by the respective Clerks and Serjeants or Officers of the said Courts for the

Time being, or to the Exercise of any Jurisdiction inconsistent with the true Intent and Meaning of this

Act, and do relate to the Process, Practice, and Method of Proceeding of and in the said Court only: Ac- tn4 deterrriot

cording to which Rules and Orders, so from Time to Time to be made, the said Commissioners, or any ?!l}iulta/or

three or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to proceed upon, and Dc un cr4*8#

to hear and determine all Matters of Debt not amounting to the said Sum of forty Shillings, which shall be

brought before them by virtue of this Act, and to make and pronounce such Judgments and Decrees con-

cerning the fame, and the Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem agreeable to Equity and good Conscience.

4 XT. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and for the more solemn Determination of all the Comm»ffioner*

4 causes and Matters'which shall be depending in the said Court,* be it further enacted by the Authority way adminifttf

aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of 041

them assembled in Court, and they are hereby impowered, to administer, or cause to be administered, an

,Oath to the Party or Parties, Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, and also to such Witness

or Witnesses as shall be produced by either Party, and also to the Officers of the Court, and to any Person

or Persons whatsoever, whose Evidence shall, to the said Commissioners, or to the major Part of them

assembled at the said Court, appear necessary.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Debtor or Debtors, who shall OuNon.ty-

have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall, without some good Cause to be allowed by the said Court, f^danuhe

refuse or neglect to appear in the said Court at the Time mentioned in the said Summons, then it shall and com may pro.

may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Proof being made cecde*putt»

upon Oath of the Service of the said Summons, in Manner before directed, to proceed to hear the Cause on

sche Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, and to

award such Costs, as to them dull seem meet.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if, upon the Day of the Return of Or may unri.

the Summons, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall CofoonNoa.

rot appear, or appearing shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Debt or Demand to the Satisfaction of p|\ot 'I14

the said Couft, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, #IDU

to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plain-

tiffs to pay the fame, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the enforcing of the Payment of

Debts and Costs ordered and decreed to be paid by the said Court.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Cafe where the said Commit Commiflr,7,!'i

sioners, or any three or more of them, shall have made any Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, k

shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award Execu- BoJy or Good*

tion, either ag dnft the Body or Goods of the said Party or Parties against whom such Order or Decree shall

be made; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Cleik or Clerks of the said Court, at the Jfegainftthe

Rcqucftofthe Party or Parties prosecuting such Order or Decree, to issue a Precept, under his Hand and Body, tneCleilt

Seal, to the Serjeant or Serjeants of either of the said Courts, who, determined by*Virtue of any such Precept idued ™avc

upon the Execution awarded against the Body or Bodies of such Party or Parties, shall and may, and is

and are hereby impowered and required to take and apprehend, or cause to be taken and apprehended, such \hc Party 1

Party or Parties, being within the Parishes aforesaid, and to convey him, her, or them, to fomc common

Ciaol or House of Correction within the said C<>uncy of Lincoln, there to remain until he, (he, or they shall

perform and obey fijeh Order, Decree, or Judgment, so as no Person shall remain in Confinement upon

any such Execution for any longer Space of Time than three Calendar Months : And such Serjeants, by Hagiinftthe

virtue of any such Precept i/Tued upon she Execution awarded against the Goods of any such Party, shall ^td^al^clc^cr"

thTsuftolc

- ... ' Lioogie

