The TITLES of the STATUTES.

lending from Union-point near the Tovjn tf/'Uckfield, hi

the County of Sussex, to Langney-bridge tn the Parifi) of

Weftham, in the said County* fend for more effectually

repairing ihe l«iid Road; and also for amending, widen-

ing, and keeping in Repair the Road from the Side-gate

on the Herse-bridge Turnpike Road, in the Parish of

Hellingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cross-in-

hand to Burwash* in the said County.

98. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Combe-bridge* through Winjley and Bradford, to Stayer-

ton-bridge* and to the Trowbridge Road on Ashton-com-

tn on, and also the Road from Bradford-bridge to Cockhill-

gate* all in the County of Wilts; and for making effec-

tual Provision for maintaining a Bridge over the River

Avon at Stokeford, in the same County.

99. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road

from the Town of WarminJhr* in the County of Wilts*

to a Place where the Roads to Bath and Bristol divide;

and from the Town of Frame to the Town of Beckington*

in the County of Somerset; and for repealing an Act,

made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and /or repairing

the Road from or near the Red-lion in the Parish of Wool-

verton* in the said County of Someirfet* to Rode-bridge,

and from the said Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading

fiom Trow-bridge by White-trough to Beckington aforesaid.

100. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads lead-

ing to and from the Towns of Bala and Dolgelly* in the

County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein men-

tioned, in the Counties of Montgomery* Denbigh, and

Salop.

101. An Act for repealing so much of three Acts, made in

the eleventh, seventeenth, and thirty-third Years of the

Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several

Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby* in the

County of Derby, as relates to the Road leading from

the North Side of Cavendish-bridge, in the said County

of Derby, through the said Town of Derby to BraJJing-

, ton, in the said County; and for making more effectual

Provision for the Repair of the said Road.

102. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the

Town of Skipton to the Turnpike Road leading from

Leeds to Riport, near Okbeck, in the Township of Bilton,

with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with

the Road leading from Knaresborough to Wether by* in the

Weft Riding of the County of York.

103. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair the Road leading from Crookbill* in the Parish of

Chickrell* to the Turnpike Road leading from Bridport

to Bridport Harbour, and several other Roads therein

mentioned, in the County of Dorset.

IC4.. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and

keeping in Repair several Roads therein mentioned,

leading from a Gate in the Town and County of Poole

called Poole-gate* and for repealing two Acts of Parlia-

ment of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth Years of his late

Majesty relating to the said Roads; and also for apply-

ing a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, towards

paving and repairing a certain Street or Way within the

said Town and County.

105. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the

Parish of Ajlhall* in the County of Oxford* to the Turn-

pike Road at or near Buckland* in the County of Berks.

ic6. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the

Town of Halifax, in the Weft Riding of the County of

York* to the Town of Shfield* in the lame Riding.

IC/. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in

the County of Dumfries; and for converting the Statute

Labour within the said County into Money; and for ap-

plying the fame towards repairing the Highways within

the same County.

108. An Act for amending the Road from the South East

End of the Town of Loughborough* in the County of

Leicejhr to Derby-bridge* near The Rujhes, and from *he

said Bridge, to the South End of CavendiJ)jrbridge* in the

fame County.

109. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King

George the Second, for repairing and widening certain

Roads leading to and from the City of Lincoln; and for

repairing and widening the Roads from the Termination

of the present Turnpike Road, at the Foot of Brace-

bridge Bridge, over the said Bridge, Westward, to the

Extremity of the County of Lincoln* near a Place called

Potter-hill5 and from the Termination of the prefenc

Turnpike Road at the Foot of Can wick-hill* Southward,

to a Windmiil at rhe Top of the said Hill.

110. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Gateshead in the County of Durham* to the Church-lane

near Ryton Lane-head; and from the Bar-moor to the

Hexham Turnpike Road near Dilston-bar* in the County

. of Northumberland; and also the Road from Mickky-

b<ink to Lead-hill or Silver-hill* and also for making a

Road cross certain Grounds belonging to Crozier Surtees

Esquire, in Lhe Parish of Ryton in the County of Dur-

ham.

in. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act

made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road

leading from Tal y Cafn Ferry, in the County of Caernar-

von, and through the Towns of Conway, Bangor, and

Caernarvon, to the Town of Pwllhcly in the same County;

and also for repairing and widening the Roads from Taly

Cafn Ferry aforesaid, on the Denbighshire Side of the Ri-

ver Conway, to join the Turnpike Road between Conway

and Saint Asaph* at a Place called Sam y Mynech; arid

from the Turnpike Road between Bangor and Conway*

at the Village of Aber* over Bwich y Ddwyfaen Moun-

tain to Taly Cafn Ferry aforesaid, and from thence to

the Town of Llanrwjl in the County of Denbigh.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 17 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons

t\ and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Parish of

Crownthorpe* in the County of Norfolk.

2. An Act for naturalizing Andreas Gottlieb.

3. An Act for naturalizing Gilles Prudent Mehffe

4. An Act for naturalizing Dorothea Margreta Hartman

5. An Act for naturalizing Paul Johan Christian Tax and

John Fallicntine Gottlieb-

6. An Act for vesting the several Reftories, Parfonnges,

Churches, and Chapels, of Rcckburne, Beeamore* South

Charford, Hale* Whitsbury* and Quidcjlcy, with the Glebe

Lands, Tithes, and other Appurtenances, thereto re-

spectively belonging. Part of the settled Estate of the

most Noble George Duke of Manchester* in Trustees,

upon certain Trusts therein expressed; and for settling

other Lands and Hereditaments of the said Duke, in lieu

thereof, to the several Uses therein mentioned.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pas-

tures, within the Manor and Parish of Tloorpe Malfor* in

the County of Northampton.

. 8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common ai d

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste

Grounds, in the Parish of Tanfor* in the County of

Northampton.

9. An

