l6 2

If the Fine 5*

not inimediatrly

pai *, it may be

levied by

Dilirefs, &c.

Copy of the last

preceding Clause

to be stuck up in

theCourt-house.

Gaolers, Sec. to

receive Per Tons

committed.

Penalty on Re-

fufal, or ot*r-

mitting Escape.

No Action for

Debt recoverable

by tnii Atf, to

be brought in

»ny other Ccurt*

To what Debts

this Act thill

not extend.

Penalty on wil-

ful Pcijury.

Penalty on not

obeying a

Subpceaa.

This A A not to

obstruct the Ex-

ec-iti *n cf an

A& of 16 Gee,

Ji.

C. 62. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III, A. D. 1777*

as the Fines herein before mentioned are directed to be applied : And if the said Offender or Offenders {hall

not pay the said Fine in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices,

by VVarrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause the fame to be levied by DifEefs

and Sale of the Offender’s Gx)ds, or to commit such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid to feme

common Gaol or House of Correction in the said County of Lincoln, there to remain for any Space of Time

not exceeding three Calendar Months, or until he, she, or they, shall pay the said Fine-

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks of the

said Court shall fix, or cause to be fixed or stuck up, in some public Parc of each of the said Court-houses,

or other Places where the said Cornn.iftioners {hall meet, a true Copy of the last preceding Clause of this

Act, to the End that no Person or Persons shall or may plead Ignorance thereof

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the respective Keepers, for the Time

being, of the respective common Gaols, or Houses of Correction, within the said County of Lincoln, shall

and may, and they are hereby required and commanded to receive and take into Custody respecttvcly, all

and every Person and Persons who shall be committed, or ordered to stand committed, by any thr*-c or

more of the said Commissioners present in Court; or by virtue of any Warrant, Attachment, Execution,

or other Procels, Bluing out of the said Court of Requests : And in case the Keepers of the said Gaols, or

Houses of Corredfi- n respectively, or either of them, shall negledf or refuse to receive and take into his or

their Custody, any Person or Persons committed by virtue of this Act, cr before the Expiration of the Time

for which any Person or Persons shall be so committed to his or their Custody, shall discharge such Person

or Persons, or wilfully permit and fufter such Person or Persons to go at large without a Warrant, Order,

or Authority for that Purpose in Writing, signed in Court by five or more of the said Commissioners;

cveiy Keener offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, and being thereof convicted before one or more of his

Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the Parts of Holland, in the said County, upon the Oath or Oaths of

one or mo;e credible Witness or Witnesses, or on his or their own Confession, shall forfeit and pay, for

every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Di fere cion of

such Justice or Justicev ; and such Sum shall be immediately paid, by the Person or Persons so offending^

into the Hands of the Justice or Justices before whom he or they shall be convicted ; or in Default thereof,

shall and may be levied by Distreff and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the

H.ind and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices; and which Sum, when paid or levied, shall

be applied in like Manner as the Fines herein-before mentioned are directed to be paid and applied.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit for any Debt,

not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Re-

quests, shall be brought against any Person or Persons, residing or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction there-

of, in any of the King’s Courts at Westminster, or any other Courts whatsoever, or elsewhere, out of the

said Court of Requests 5 and no Suit that shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance

of thi^ Act, nor any Proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior Court; but the

Judgments, Decrees, and Proceedings of the said Court, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and

ryrpofcs.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein

contained, shall not extend to any Debt for Rent upon any Lease or Contract, where the Title of any

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real Con-

tract ; nor to any Debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any Cause concerning any last Will or Testa-

ment, or Matrimony, or any Thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts ; nor to any Debt for

Money won at or by Means of any Horse-race, Cock-match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming“or Play;

nor for any Forfeiture upon any penal Statute or Bve-lavy; nor to any Debt whereof there hath not been

a Contract, Acknowledgment, Undertaking, or Promise to pay, within six Years before the taking out of

the Summons for the fame, although such Debt {hall not amount to forty Shillings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority afnrciuid, That in case any Person or Persons making

Oath or giving Evidence, in any Ciufe or Mu'tcr whatsoever depending in the said Court of Requests,

shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof duly convicted according to Law, such Person or

Persons {hall incur and fufter the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful

and corrupt Perjury is or are liable to, or {hall be subject to, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in case any Person residing within

the Parishes aforesaid, who shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons, to be issued out of the said

Court ot Requests, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shall neglect or refuse to ap-

pear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, at the Time and Place therein mentioned, and due Proof

shall be made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no Cause of Absence be H ewn or assigned

to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present at the Court to which such Person shall be by such Sub-

poena or Summons required to appear; and Oath shall he made before the said Conimillion is, by the

Party at whose Instance and on whole Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued, that the Person lerved

therewith was a material Witness for such Party ; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commis-

sioners, or any three or more of them, aft'embled in such Court, to impose and lay a Fine not exceeding

fifty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to be levied (if not immediately paid on Otmano) by Distress

and Sale'of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commflijmrs, or

any three or more of them ; which Fine, when paid or levied, shall be paid over to the Paity at whose In-

stance such Subpoena or Summons issued.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or

be consti ued to extend, to prejudice, obstruct, prevent, or defeat the Execution of an Act made in the

twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for the n;:re

easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Borough of Bolton and Skitbeck Quarter, and the Parishs

