482 G 7X.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A. D. *779;

fame to the

County Trea-

ft.rer < ut of the

Pjrish Ratei.

Proviso relating

to peculiar Juris-

distions.

Captain-lieute-

nants to be ap-

pointed.

Their Rank.

Qualifications of

Captain-lieute-

nants.

Officers who

have neg'eftfd

to qualify them-

selves a^reeab’e

to Militia Act

l8 Geo. ill not

liable to the Pe-

nalties thereof t

Provided they

/ball so qualify

them (elves on or

before the First

of Dec. next.

All Militia Of-

ficers above the

Rank of Lieute-

nant, to transmit

to the Clerk of

the Peace, on or

before the first of

Dec. next,

or within fix

Months after

accepting their

Commissions, a

Description of

their Qualifica-

tions, dec*

How Lord Lieu-

tenant to pro-

ceed respecting

theft Offic*rs

who fh«U neglect

to deliver in

their Qualifica-

tions.

Account to be

•published in the

Gazette o‘ the

Dates of the new

Commissions,

&c. and the

Names of the

Officers whom

tries made, and

Expences incurred on account of the Militia are by the Militia Law9 now in being directed to be parted

and allowed. x '

V. Provided always. That in all Places having peculiar Jurisdictions, and not contributing to the

County, such Account shall be made over to the Treasurer, Receiver, or other public Officer belonging to

such peculiar Juiifdidtion, to be by him reimbursed, accounted for, and allowed, in Manner aforefard.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the parting of this Act,

it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty’s Lieutenants of Counties to appoint Captain-Jieutcnants

to all Regiments or Battalions of Militia to which such Appointment hath not been already made; and

that all Captain-lieutenants shall rank with the Officers of his Majesty’s other Forces of equal Degree as

youngest of their Rank.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the future all Persons to be appointed

Captain-lieutenants, shall have the fame Qualifications as Persons serving as Captains are required to have;

Provided that it shall not be necessary for any Person having acted as Captain-lieutenant before the first

lay of July) one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, to hold any other Qualification than as a

Lieutenant.

VIII. And be it further enacted. That in case any Officer or Officers of Militia shall have neglected of

omitted to deliver in his or their several respective Qualification or Qualifications, agreeable to the Direc-

tions of an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act to amend and ren-

der more effectual the Laws relating to the raijtng and training the Alilitia within that Part cf Great Britain

called England ; and to establish certain Regulations with respect to Officers serving in th * Corps of Fencihle Men

directed to he raised in that Part of Great Biita*n called Scotland, and certain other Corps therein mentioned

such Officer or Officers, notwithstanding such Omission or Neglect, shall not be fitbjeft or liable to any

of the Penalties imposed by the said recited Act; and all Acts done by them in virtue of their respective

Commissions as Officers in the Militia are hereby declared to be valid and of full Effect ; any Thing in the

said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always. That this Act shall not extend to prevent’such Officer or Officers, who shall ne-

gleft or omit to deliver in his or their respective Qualification or Qualifications, on or before the first Day

of December next, according to the Directions of the Act of the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, to amend and render more effectual the Laws relating to the raising and training the Militia within that

Part of Great Britain called England ; and to establip) certain Regulations with respect to Officers serving in the

Corps of Fencible Men directed to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain ether

Corps therein mentioned, from being liable to the Penalties imposed by the fame for Rich Neglect or

Omission.

X. And be it further enacted. That every Officer now holding, or hereafter accepting a Commission as

Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, or Captain, in the Militia, shall, on or before the first Day of De-

cember, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, or within six Months after having accepted any such

Commission in future, transmit to the Clerk of the Peace of the County in the Militia whereof such Of-

ficer shall serve, a true Description of his Qualification for holding such Commission as aforesaid, and also a

Certificate of his having taken the Oaths required ; and the Clerk of the Peace shall forthwith enter and

inrol the fame, and also shall transmit to the Lieutenant of the said County, a true Copy of every such

Lift and Certificate so entered as aforesaid ; and the Lieutenant shall (unless just Cause be shewn to the

Contrary within the Time by this Act limited), on Receipt thereof, give Notice to the Officer or Officers

who shall not have been certified by the Clerk of the Peace to have entered his or their Qualification, that

he shall proceed to the Appointment of other fit Persons to serve in the Militia, if proper Persons duly qua-

lified shall offer themselves for such Service, in the Room of such Officers as shall, at the Time or Times

above mentioned, have omitted so to deliver in the said Lifts and Certificates respectively; and such

Lieutenant shall, and he is hereby required and directed to declare, in the London Gazette, within fix

Weeks, the Commission of such Officer to be vacant, and shall proceed to such Appointment accordingly:

And that, for the better ascertaining the Time of granting any such Commissions, the said Lieutenants

shall, from Time to Time, cause to be inserted in the London Gazette, the Dates of the Commission, and

Names and Rank of the Officers, together with the Names of the Officers in whose Stead they are so com-

missioned, in like Manner as Commissions in the Army are published from the War-office; and the said

Clerk or Clerks of the Peace shall, on or before the first Day of December in every Year, transmit to one

of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, in order that they may be laid before Parliament, a true

Copy of all Entries to be made and inrolled, and also an Account of all Returns so transmitted by him to

the said Lieutenants, together with the Dates of the Lid Entries and Returns; and every such Clerk of the

Peace being guilty of any Neglect herein, shall he liable to the fagie Penalties as by the Militia Laws now

in being are imposed on Clerks of the Peace for any Neglect of Duty.

they succeeL Clerk of the Peace to transmir, annually, to one of the Secretaries of State, to be laid before Parlianrcnt, a Copy of ill En-

Returns by him tra&lmitted to the Lord Licutetenants, &c. v

Pena!tv on Per-

fons who shill

• receive Mcneyto

serve as Substi-

tuter, and fha;l

neglect to ap-

pear to be I worn,

agreeable to Act

2 Geo. HI.

XI And be it further enacted. That in case any Person or Persons shall take and receive of and from

any Man ballotted to serve in the said Militia, or of and from any Person employed by him for th it Pur-

pose, any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of serving as a Substitute in the Militia, in the Room of

such ballotred Man, as aforesaid, and shall afterwards neglect to appear at the usual Meeting appointed for

swearing the Militia Man, or before some one Depu’y Lieutenant, in the Manner and according to the

Directioni of an Act, made in the second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act to ex-

plain, amc d% and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the raijtng ami

training the Alilitia within that Part of Great Britain called England), such Person or Persons so neglecting

as aforesaid, upon Conviction thereof before any Justice of the Peace, or before any Deputy Lieutenants

4 at

