136 C. S3.

Anno decimo fepdmo X5eorgii HI. A.D. 1777^

Lords of Ma-

nors, which

Contain any

wade Lands

contententfor

the Purposes of

this Act, may

<grant a Part

thereof in Per*

.potuhy, &c«

spefthre Hands, in the Foitn or to the Efteft* for that Purport* contained in the Schedule hereunto*nneild;

and that in all such Cafes where such Deed is hereby required to be executed by the Patron as well as the

Ordinary and Incumbent, such Deed (kali be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, if

executed by the Ordinary and Incumbent only, after such Consent (kali have been obtained as aforesaid

from the said Lord High Treasurer, First Commissioner of the Treasury. Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper,

Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster respectively, as the Cafe

shall -be, provided such Consent shall be registered at the Register Office aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That itihall and may oe lawful for any Archbifbopor Bishop of any

Diocese, and also for.any Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole or Aggregate, being Lord or Lords of any Manor

within which there shall be any Waftcor Common Lands, Parcel of the Demesnes of such Manor, lying

convenient for the House and Buildings, and other the Purposes of this Act, to grant a Part or Parts ot

such Waste or Common Lands m Perpetuity for the several Purposes of this Act, leaving sufficient Common

for the several Persons having Right of Common upon such Wastes or Commons, ana obtaining the Con*

sent of the Lessee of such Lands, if the fame shall be in Lease,

SCHEDULE to which the Bill refers.

FORM of the CONSENT of the Ordinary and Patron (to be written on Parchment ).

A B. Rector, Vicar, (as the Cafe /hall be) of the Parish, Chapelry, or perpetual Curacy (as the

€ Cafe shall be), of in the County of under the Jurisdiction

c of the Ordinary, having produced to us the said Ordinary, and Patron of the said

Church and Living, a Certificate under the Hand of a (kilful and experienced

Workman, or Surveyor, of the State and Condition of the Buildings upon the Glebe belonging to the

4 said Church, Chapelry, or perpetual Curacy (as the Cafe shall be), and of the Value of the Timber, and

other Materials, thereupon, fit to be sold, or employed about such Buddings; and also a Plan, made by

the said of the Work proposed to be done by new Buildings and Repairs upon

the said Glebe, and an Eftiniate of the Expence attending the fame, after applying the said Materials, or

the Money to arise from the Sale thereof, in such Buildings and Repairs; and also a particular Account

in Writing, signed by the said A- B. of the annual Profits of such Living, and of the Rents, Stipends,

4 Taxes, and other Outgoings, annually issuing the Teout, verified upon Oath, pursuant to the Direftions

4 of an Act, passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, to promote

the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the morefoeedy and effectual buildings rebuilding,

4 repairing, or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the Use of their Benefices;

and having considered such Certificate, Plan, and Account: Now, we do approve thereof; and do con-

4 sent, that such Buildings and Repairs shall be made as therein specified j and that the said A. B. do bor-

4 row and take up at Interest the Sum of being the Estimate of the Expences,

4 after deducting the Valueof the Timber, and other Materials, thought proper to be sold, and which ap-

4 pears to us, from the said Account, a Sum not exceeding two Years neat Income and Produce of the said

4 Living; which Money is to be paid to (a Person nominated by us and the

4 said A. B,) and applied according to the Direction of the said Act.

FORM of the MORTGAGE.

THIS Indenture, made the Day of in the

Year of the Reign of his Majesty and in the Year of our Lord

between the Reverend Rector or Vicar, Uc. of the Parish Church, Curacy, or

Chapelry, of ' (n the County of and the Diocese of the Bishop

of of the one Part i and of of

the other Part. Whereas the said pursuant to the Directions of an Act, parted

in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled. AnAfl to promote

the Refulence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provssion for the more speedy a ltd effectual building, rebuilding,

repairing, or purchasing Houjes, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the life of their Benefices,

hath obtained the Consent of the Ordinary of the said Diocese, and the Patron of the said Church and

Living, to borrow and take up at Interest the Sum of to be laid out and

expended in building, rebuilding, repairing (as the Cafe shall be) the Parsonage House, and other ne-

ediary Offices, upon the Glebe belonging to the said Church, Chapel, or Curacy, as appears by an In*

strument, signed by the said Ordinary and Patron, hereunto annexed: And whereas the said

hath agreed to lend and advance the Sum of upon a Mort-

gage of the Glebe, Tythes, Rents, and other Profits and Emoluments, of the said Living, pursuant to

the Direction and the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act: Now this Indenture witnesseth. That

the said in Consideration of the Sum of five Shillings to him in Hand paid,

and of the Sum of paid at or before the Sealing and Delivery hereof,

into the Hands of (a Person or Persons (as the Cafe shall be) nominated by

the said Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, to receive the same, pursuant to the Direction of the said

Act (which Nomination is also hereunto annexed) and which Receipt of the said Sum of

the said have or hath acknowledged, by an Indorsement

on the Back of this Deed) hath granted, bargained, fold, and demised, and by these Presents doth grant,

bargain, fell, and demise, unto the said his Executors, Administrators, and

VAffigns,

