* T2

2nd all Money

?dv>need on Ac-

« i.i,nr vf such

C»f.tra:?f, to h?

with in-

tv r:i\

Pon vlty on Per-

i. ns '-.i'1'! • ufhng

C-lir"' in the

I-v-; uiion of this

/•. v I.

fm'rjes and

f <! 'cituits how

t.> bt recovered

and applied.

Afi 29 Geo, TI.

i( r gr firing Du-

t ir< cr. Silver

repealed.

Per ft-m fucd.for

ex^cutinp tliia

Act, may plead

the general

I line,

and recover

table Coftf*

Preamble.

Act 16 Geo.III.

recited.

Any Person au-

thoi i fed by h s

M^j *y to grant

pjrcinns See.

rra v gr jftt a Li-

crnce to .tarry

Captures in'O

any Port in

America.

C. 4.0, Anno decimo feptimo Georcsii III. A. D. 1777.

and of no Efleft; and in case any Sum or Sums of Money shall have been advanced and paid by any Pur-

chafer or Purchasers for or on account of any home-made Glass or Glass Bottles, which shall not be

delivered on or before the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, all fuel^

Sums of Money shall be forthwith repaid to the Person or Persons who shall have advanced and paid the

fame, together with legal Intereil for the fame, from the Time and Times that such Sum or Sums of Mo-

ney shall have been respectively advanced and paid.

XL. And it is hereby enacted^ That if any Maker of Ghfs, or any other Person or Persons, shall ob-

flruft or hinder any of the said Officers in the Execution of any of the Powers given him or them by this

Act for ascertaining and Securing the said Duties upon Glass, the Person or Persons so offending therein

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and

Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, shall be Sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means,

and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be recovered of mitigated by any Law or

Laws of Excise, by this Act, or by Action of Debfj Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's

Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court or Exchequer in Scotland; and that one Moiety of every

such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety

to him or them who shall discover, inform, or Sue for the fame.

4 XLII. And whereas it has been found by Experience, that the Rates and Duties arising by an Act*,

4 made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled. An

4 Act for granting to kis Majesty several Rates and Duties, payable by all Persons and Bodies Politic or Corporate

4 having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, are very vexatious and troubldome in the levying and collecting

4 the fame, and of small Advantage to the Public;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, the several

annual Rates and Duties charged by the said recited Act shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or

payable ; and that then, and from thenceforth, all the Powers and Authorities given and granted, and the

Rules and Regulations established and prescribed by the Lid recited £ft, or by any other Act or Acts of

Parliament for or in relation to the managing, securing, ascertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and

paying the said Rates and Duties, and ail Penalties and Forfeitures in respect thereof, shall also cease, de-

termine, and be no longer put in Execution ; save only and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering

any Arrears which may at that Time remain unpaid of the said Kates and Duties, or to any Penalty or

Forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon or at any Time before the said fifth Day of^Wy, one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven; any Thing hereln-before contained to the contrary notwith-

landing.

XLIlI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons shall, at

-any Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in.

pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall

and may plead the general Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if,

upon the Trial, a Verdi# shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become

nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XL.

An Act to authorise the carrying of the Captures therein mentioned into any Part of his

Majesty’s Dominions in North America; and for ascertaining the Value of such Part of

Ships and Goods as belong to the Recaptors.

4 W PEREAS by an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled,

4 An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Maftachufet’s Bay,

4 Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the three lower Counties on Delaware,

* Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present

4 Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively ; for repealing an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign

4 of his present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, Jading or shipping, of Goods, Wares,

4 and Merchandise, at the Town and within the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of Massachuset*s Bay \

4 and also two Acts, made in the la ft Sejfon of Parliament, for refraining the Trade and Commerce of the Cobs-

4 nies in the said Acts respectively tnentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and authorised by his

4 Majesty to grant Pardons* to iJJ'ue Proclamations, in the Cafes, and for the Purposes therein mentioned); it

4 was (amongst other Things) provided and enacted. That no Captures which mould be taken by virtue

4 of the said Act, should be carried into any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, therein before par-

4 ticularly mentioned, during and so long Time as such Colonies or Plantations respectively should con-

4 tinue in a State of Rebellion : And whereas many such Captures have been, since the passing of the said

4 Act, carried into the Port and Harbour of New York, and it may be expedient to allow that such Cap-

4 tures should be carried into the said Port and Harbour, or into any other Port, Harbour, or Place, in his

4 Majesty’s Dominions aforesaid, provided the fame be done with the Consent, Licence, and Warrant, of

4 the said Person or Persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant a Pardon or Pardons to any

1 Number or Description of Persons be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Per-

fons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant Pardons, as aforesaid, and they, or either or any of

them, fcrfc hereby hnpowered to grant his or their Licence or Warrant, authoring any Captor or Captors,

or

e

