A* D. 1780.

Afch® vicesimo Geough IIL

C. 49,

575

to the Premises; that then the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, an,d the Jurors to be

impannelled and sworn upon fijeh Jnquqft, fba\I proceed,. upon the best Information they can get or have,

to make such Inquest, Judgments, and Decrees, as before directed $ and all such Judgments and Decrees*!

being entered and certified a* aforesaid, shall be nnal and condufiye. , ,

Viil. And be it further enacted’ by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately from and after the Time

that Payment ffaaH be made of the Spm.and Sums,of Money so to be agreed for or aide fled by the said'

Jury, and decreed and adjudged by the f^d Commissioners, or any five or more of them, tQ the Owners

and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, herein-before mentioned, or to any

or either of them, the Trustees herein-before mentioned shall be deemed and adjudged to Hand seised of

such Part and Parcel of the said Premises as shall be so paid for, to and for the Uie of his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, forever, freed and discharged of and from all and all Manner,of Right, Title,

Claim, and Demand whatsoever, that can.pr maybe made by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or

Corporate, Ecclesiastteal or Civil*

IX. And whereas that Part of the Turnpike Road called The New Chatham Turnpike Road* which

4 extends from the East End of Star-lane to the Foot of Chatham-hi//, is included within the Lands to be

4 purchased for the Purposes of this Act: And whereas it may be necessary, for the public Service, to

4 alter the Course of the said Turnpike Road,* be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to

.and for the said Commissioners, and they, or any five cr more of them, are hereby authorised and im-

nowered, if they think proper, to set out, within the Lands so to be purchased, another Road of the

Breadth of thirty Feet, and to mzke and form the fame in the Manner of a Turnpike Road; anti that;

from and after the Time that the said new Road shall be so completed, and fourteen Days Notice thereof

given to the Clerk of the Trusttcs of the said Turnpike Road, the said new Road (halt be vested in the

said Turnpike Trustees for the Purposes, and subject: to the Powers and Provisions of the Act for making

the said Turnpike Road, and that that Part of the said Turnpike Road which extends from the End of

Starftane to the Foot of Chatham-hill, shall no longer be subject to the Power and Controul of the said

Turnpike Trustees; but the Trustees by this Act appointed shall be deemed and adjudged to Hand feifea

of the fame, to and for the Ui'e of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever.

Xl And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and fof

the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, upon the Complaint of any Owner or Owners, Oc-

cupier or Occupiers, of any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, adjoining to any Part of the

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, by this Act vested in the said Trustees, that he, she, or they have

received any Damage by the erecting or completing of the said Fortifications and Intrenchments, or of any

of the Works thereto belonging, or any other the Purposes of this Act, to examine into and hear every

such Complaint, and shall make an Estimate of such Damage, and shall return such Estimate with, and

Vli the Manner they are herein-before directed to return, the aforesaid Judgments and Decrees.

XhiAnd be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no private Building or Buildings shall ty

wade or.erected upon any of the Lands vested by this Act as aforesaid; and that the whole Profits arising,

or that shall hereafter arifc, from the said Lands, be, and are hereby appropriated and applied for and to^

wands the Ereflion and Reparation of the said Fortifications and Intrenchments, and to no other TJfe Or

Purpose whatsoever; and all and Angular the Premises shall be, and are hereby enacted and declared to be.

unalienable from the Crown; neither shall any Part of the said Premises bedemifed or demifeable, otherwise

than during Pleasure only. ,

> Xlli Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Commissioner, who shall be employed in the Exfi-

cution of this Act, shall be liable, for or by reason of such Execution, to any of the Penalties mentihnejl

in art Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for

preventing Dangers which may happen from Popi(h Recusants; or in one other Act, made in the first Year

of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Sitpre-

ntacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths; or in one other Act, made in the Parliament holden in the

thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of the hte King bVilHam the Third, intituled, An AftfoY

the better Security of his Majesty s Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extin-

guishing tlse Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abet-

tors; or in one other Act, made in the Parliament begun and holden in the first Year of the Reign of King

George the First, intituled, An Act for the better Security of his Majesty s Person and Government, and the

Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Pr.incefs Sopnia, being r rot eft ants \ and for extinguishing the

Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and Jeeret Abettors.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That such Commissioners as his Majesty shall nominate for the

Purposes in this Act, or any of them, shall not by reason thereof in any Sort be disabled or disqualified

from fitting in the House of Commons, or their Election thereby become void; any Law or Statute to the

Contrary thereof in anyvrife notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall in any Manner

Jeffen, affect, abridge, prejudice, or derogate from* any Right, Privilege, or Franchise of the City Of

Kechester, in the County of Kent, or the Jurisdiction of the Mayor and Citizens of the said City within

the Limits of the said City; but that the fame shall continue in the fame State and Condition as they were

entitled to before the making of this Act.

ers mike De-

fault in appear-

ing, &c.

On Payment of

the Sumsafllflcd

by Jury, Sec.

Trustees to be >N

deemed seised

of the Hremifc*,1

for the UCe of

his Majesty.

Comhmrtioneri

impowered'to "1

make a new

Turnpikr Road

instead of that. (

included in the

Lands io be pur*

chafe<fYur the f

Purposes of this

Act.

Commissioners

to examine into

Complaints of

Owners of ad-

joining Lands,

.dee. and to male#

an Estimate of

the Damages*,

received.: ,

How the Profit!

of Lands vrfted

in the Trusteea

fit all be applied.

Commissioners

not liable to the

Penalties men-

tioned in an Act

of as Car IL

or in i Gul Sk

Mar. Cap. S;

13 and 14 Gul.

UI.Cap.fi;

I Geo, I. Cap.

«*

Commissioner!

not disqualified

from being >.

Members of 1

Parliament.

Thia A A mtf so

aft'ed the Privi-

leges af the City

oi Rochester*

T>,) ' . :■

!’ *. r , h , , ,

G. . . ' ' hi », *1

<;■ J '! i’ t ‘1 1

4

CAP.

