542

Jurors maybe

challenged*

Witnessea may

be examined on

path*

VerdiA of Jury,

&c* to be bind-

ing on all

Pardee.

The Money ad-

judged by the

Jury, to be paid

to Mr. Dew.

Persone ag-

grieved may ap-

peal to the Quar-

ter Sefiiod,

giving zi'iDaye '

Hotice. .*

limitation of

Actions.

General Iffae.

^Treble Coflj,

Public Act.

G. 27. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

faii County, without Fee or Reward, confiding of twelve substantiai and ififinterested Persons, qualified

to serve on Juries, upon the Trial of IiTues at Law, and to cause them to be sworn, well and truly, on

their Oaths, to ascertain and award the Compensation to be made for the said Ferry $ to which said Jury

the Parties interested shall have their lawful Challenges, when they come to be sworn; and any one

Just ice of the Peace for the said County is hereby authorised and impowered (upon Application made to

in® by any of the Parties interested). by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to call before the Justices at

such Session, or the Adjournment thereof- any Person or Persons who shall be thought proper to be ex-

amined touching or concerning the Premiles; and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, and also

the Oaths to be taken by the Persons who shall appear to be examined and give Evidence as aforesaid, any

one of the said Justices 1$ hereby impowered and required to administer) shall enuu\rcr touching the Value

of the said Ferry, and shall ascertain and award what annual Sum of Money shall be paid by the said Un-

dertakers, their Heirs or Assigns, to the said Tomkyns Dew, or the Lord of the said Manors for the Time

being, or his Lcffee of the said Ferry, as a Compensation for the fame, and also the respective Times of

Payment thereof; and the said Justices shall and may give Judgment for the Money so to be ascertained and

awarded by the said Jury as aforesaid ; which Verdict of the said Jury, and the Judgment thereupon de-

clared and pronounced by the said Justices, shall be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes

whatsoever, upon all the Parties interested, and shall be fairly entered and kept araongst the Records of

the Quarter SeiHons for the said County; and the fame^ or true Copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken

as good Evidence and Proof, in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever ; and all Persons may have Re-

course thereto, and may take Copies thereof, or Extracts therefrom, on paying the usual Fees paid in

Cafes of the like Nature.

XV. And be it further enacted, That after the said Verdi# shall have been given, and Judgment

thereon declared and pronounced, aS aforesaid, the said Undertakers, their Heirs or Assigns, shall pay, or

1 cause to be paid, to the said Tomkyns Dew* or the Lord of the said Manors for the Time being, or hr»

Lessee of the said Ferry, the said annual Sum of Money, and at the Time or Times to be ascertained and

awarded by the said Jury as aforesaid ; and in Default of such Payment, the said Tojnkyns Dnvy and the

Lord of the said Manors for the Time being, or the Lessee of the said Ferry, shall and may have, use*

exercise, and take, such and the fame Powers and Remedies, by A#ion, or by Entry, Distress and Sale, or

otherwise, for recovering the said Sum or Sums of Money from the said Undertakers, their Heirs or Af-

signs, as by the Laws now in Force are provided for and given to Landlords, or as they can use and take

for Recovery of Rack Rents in Arrear.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any

. Thing done in pursuance of this A#, such Person may appeal to the Justices, at any General Quarter

Sessionof the Peace to be holden for the said County of Hereford, within four Calendar Months after the

Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, the Person appealing first giving, or causing to he given, twenty-

one Days Notice in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Marter

thereof, to the said Undertakers, their Heirs or Assigns, or to one of them, or to their Colle#or; and

within seven Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for

the said County of Hereford, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the

Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by, the Justices at such Session \ and the Justices at

the -said Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such

Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Matter of every such Appeal, in a summary Way,

and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against, as the said Justices shall think proper

and such Determination shall he binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XVII. And be it further ena&dd. That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or prosecuted against any

Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this A #, every such A#ion or Suit shall be com-

menced within three Calendar Months next after the Fa# committed, and not afterwards, and shall be

laid and tried in the County of Hereford, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in fitch

Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this A# and the Special Matter in Evi-

dence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and ib9t the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority

of this A#: And if the fame shall appear to itave been so done, or if any such ASion or Suit shall be

brought after the Time before limited for brpffcing the fame, or shall be brought in any other County

than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find fot the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdi#, or if

the PJaintifF or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their A#ion or

Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be

given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall

have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit, in any other

Cafe9 by Law.

XVIII, And be it further enacted. That this A# shall be deemed a Public A#; and shall be judicially

taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially plead-

ing the fame.

CAP.

