A. D. 1779. Anno deeiroo nono Gh orgi i Ilf.

G. 67,

455

Kocon&miflio*>ed

Ship to hive

Sh<re ia any

Prize while /he

it under Cnmroy*

All Hrite Ship*

legally condemn*

td /hall bedeem*

ed Briuib-built

Ship*.

Afamal'y m*y

revoke Commifi'

OD'ffinng granted

to Privateers.

Secretary of the

Admiralty to

give Nonce of

suchs Revocation

to the Owners,

&C,j

be the Captor thereof, their Agents or Factors, as the proper Goods and Chattels of {uch Owner or

Owners, and the Persons who shall be intitled thereto by virtue of such Agreements among themselves ;

and that neither his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Admiral, Vice-admiral, Governor, or other

Pfcrfbn, commissioned by or claiming under his Majesty,' his Heirs or Successors, or any Person or Persons

whatsoever, other than the Owner or.Owners of such Ship or Vessel, being the Captor of Rich Prize,’

Ship, or Vessel, Arms* Ammunition, Store* of War, Goods, and Merchandises, and'the Persons claim-

ing under*him or them, shall be intitled to any Part or Share thereof (except as to the Customs and

Duties payable by any Act or.Acts of Parliament); any Custom, Statute, or other Law, to the contrary

notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall intitle any Ship having a Commission,

and which shall receive Orders from, and put herself tinder, the Convoy of any of his Majesty’s Ships or

Vessels, to share in any Prize or Prizes taken by such Convoy, or by such Ship having a* Commission,

whilst the said commissioned Ship shall remain under the Care and Protection of such Convoy.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Prize Ships or Vessels which shall be

legally condemned, shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, be considered a* British-built Ships

or Vessels, and be deemed and taken as such, and shall be intitled to have and enjoy all and every the fame

Rights, Liberties) Privileges, and Advantages, in all Respects whatsoever, with British^built Ships or

Vessels, and shall be subject and liable to all and every the Rules and Regulations that British-built Ships,

or Vessels are subject and liable to; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise

notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the:

Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral'

of Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, at any Time or Times hereafter, to.

revoke and make void, by any Order or Orders, in Writing under his ot their Hand or Hands, any Com-

million or Commissions which hath, have been, or shall be issued forth to any Person or Persons who hath,

have been, or shall be nominated Commander or Commanders of any Ship or Vessel,. either in pursuance

of his Majesty’s aforesaid Order in Council, or this present Act.

VI. Provided nevertheless. That the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being shall, with all con-

venient Speed after any and every such Commission shall be so revoked, cause Notice thereof in Writing

H> be forthwith sent to the Owner or Owners, or Agent or Agents, or Surety or Sureties, or some one or

them, of the Ship or Vessel named or described in such Order of Revocation 5 and in case such Ship or

Vessel shall be in the Channel, the said Order of Revocation shall be effectual to superfede and annul the

said Commission at the Expiration of twenty Days from and after such Notice gitfen as aforesaid, or (boner*

if Notice shall be actually given in Writing, by the Secretary of the Admiralty, to the Captain or Com-

mander thereof; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in the Northern Seas, at the Expiration of thirty

Days; and in case fqch Ship or Vessel shall be to the Southward of Cape Finijierrey or in the Mediterra-

neatly at the Expiration of six Weeks; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in North America, or the

West Indies, at the Expiration of three Months; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in the East In-

diesy at the Expiration of six Months: And any Commander or Commanders, Owner or Owners,

Agent or Agents, Surety or Sureties, of any such Ship or Vessel, whereof such Commission or Commis-

fions, issued or to be issued forth as aforesaid, shall be so revoked, may complain thereof to his Majesty

in Council, within thirty Days next after the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being shall cause

Notice thereof to be given as aforesaid; and the Determination of his Majesty in Council touching every

such Complaint shall be final.

VII. Provided always. That in case any such Order of Revocation shall be superfeded, such Commis-

fion shall be deemed and taken to have continued in Force; and all Prizes taken by virtue thereof shall

belong to and be the Property of such Owners and Captors, in.such Manner as the same would have been

m case such Order of Revocation had not been made.

‘ deemed to have continued

VIII. Provided also, That no Person shall be liable to be punished for doing, before he shall have re- Pro*ifo.

ceived personal Notice of such Order of Revocation,*any Matter or .Thing which he might have law-

fully done under the Authority of such Commission, in case such Order of Revocation had not been

made.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, before the granting or ifftiing of any

Commission in pursuance of this Act, such Bail and Security shall be taken as have been usual upon the

granting or ifltiing of Commissions for private Ships of War; and that, previous to the taking of such

Bail and Security, the Persons who propose to be bound and give such Security, shall severally make

Oath, before the Tudge of the High Court of Admiralty of England, or Judge of any Vice-admiralty

Court in his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations, or his Surrogate, or other Person or Persons by such Judge

or Surrogate lawfully commissioned, that, at the Time of their being sworn, they are respectively worth

more Money than the Sum for which they are then to be bound, over and above all their just Debts;

and moreover the Marfoal of the said High Court of Admiralty, or any Vice-admiralty Court in his Ma-

jesty’s Colonies or Plantations, for the Time being, or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons so commis-

fioned as aforesaid, is or are hereby required and directed to make diligent Enquiry into, and satisfy him-

self or themselves of the Sufficiency of such Bail and Security, and make a Report thereof to the said

Juctee, or his Surrogate, before any such Commission shall begranted or issued.

A. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, who

shall apply to the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the OfRce of Lord High Ad-

miral fox the. Time being, or any Person or Persons by him or them impowe.ed and appointed, in or-

who may com-

plain thereof to

his Majesty in

Council,

When anyOrdeff

of Revocation

/hall be super-

feded, Com mi f-

fion /hall be

in Force.

Bail, &c. to he

taken before

granting any

Commission*

N n n 2

der

All Persons ap-

plying fer uny

Commission, to

f:t Io:th in Wri-

ting an cxi& Dc»

