212

C. 31.

Anno decimo o£avo Geo-rgii III. A. D. 177ft.

and to be

charged upon

mey of the he

?!drary Duties

which, by

1 Geo. III.

Cap 1. were

made Part of

the Aggregate

Fund, dtc.

No one of the

Princes to have

a greater An-

nuity than

15,0001. a

Year.

His Majesty em-

on the five Prin

ce files hi*

Daughters an

Annuity of

30,000!. per

Annon, to

comr^ei ce from

the Demise of

his Majesty ;

on the Duties

above-men-

tioned.

by even and equal Portions, on the four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; (that i9 to say) the fifth

Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October; the fir(i Pay-

ment thereof to be made on such of the said Days which shall next happen after the Demise of his said Ma-

jesty ; and that such Annuity, or yearly Sum of Money as aforesaid, shall or may, by such Letters Patent

as aforesaid, be given and granted to issue, and (lull accordingly issue and he payable out of, and be charged

and chargeable upon, all or any Part or Parts of such of the hereditary Duties, Revenues, and Branches,

as were by the said Act, made in the fiift Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Act for the

Support of his Majesiys Household^ 'and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, carried to,

and made Part ot, the said General or Aggregate Fund, and shall be then fubJifting 5 and out of and upon

such Part of the Rates of Portage granted determined by the said Ac\, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act to alter certain Rates of Pcfiage •, and to amend, explain, and enlarge, several Pro~

visions in an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in other Acts relating to the Revenue

of the Post-cffice, 2s shall then belong to, and be Part of, the hereditary Revenues of the Crown.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act, or in theLetters Patent to be made in pursuance thereof*

contained, or to be contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give and grant a greater Annuity

or yearly Sum than fifteen thousand Pounds by the Year, to any one of -the said Princes.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

Kimfs most Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patent, or by several Letters Patents, under the Great Seal

of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to give and grant to their Royal Highnesses Princess Charlotte Au-

powered 10 feitle gufia Matilda, Princess Augusta Sophia, Princess Elizabeth, Princess Alary, and Princess Sophia, and to the

«n fK.fi»*Pnn. Survivors and Survivor of them, or to such other Perfun or Persons as his Majesty shall think fit to be

named in such Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, during the Lives of their laid Royal Highnesses, and

the Life of the Survivor of them, in Trust for their said Royal Highnesses, or the Survivors or Survivor of

them, one other Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of thirty thousand Pounds of

lawful Money of Great Britain by the Year, to commence and take Effect from the Day of the Demise of*

his Majesty (whom God long preserve), and to be paid and payable, by even and equal Portions, on the

four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; (that is to say) the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of*

April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October ; the first Payment thereof to be made on such

and to be charged of the said Days which shall next happen after the Demise of his said Majesty; and that such last-men-

n“*:“ tioned Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall or may, by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, be given and

granted to issue, and shall accordingly issue and be payable out of, and be charged and chargeable upon, all

or any Part or Parts of such of the hereditary Duties, Revenues, and Branches, as were by the said Act*

made in the first Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Act for the Support of his Majesiys

Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown a/*Great Britain, carried to, and made Part of, the

laid General or Aggregate Fund, and shall be then subsisting; and out of and upon such Part of the Kates

of Postage, granted by the said Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act to alter certain Rates of Postage; and to amend, explain, and enlarge, freer al Provisions in an Act made

in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in other Acts relating to the Revenue of the Post-office, as

Hull then belong to, and be Part of, the hereditary Revenues of the Crown.

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death of any of

their said Royal Highnesses the Princesses, or upon the Marriage of any one of them, and the Payment of'

a Portion, on or in Consideration of such Marriage, not less than forty thousand Pounds Sterling, the

Right, Title, Share, and Interest, of such Princess so dying, or being married, in and to the said yearly

Rent or Annuity of thirty thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, shall cease and determine, and the said

whole Annuity (nail, from thenceforth, accrue and remain to the four other Princesses; and upon the

Death or Marriage of any other of the said Princesses, and the Payment of a Portion, not less than forty

thousand Pounds Sterling, on or in Consideration of such Marriage, the Right, Share, and Interest, of

such other Princess so dying, or being married, in or to the said Annuity of thirty thousand Pounds, shall

cease and determine, and the said whole Annuity shall from thenceforth accrue and remain to the three

other Princesses; and upon the Death or Marriage of any other of the said Princesses, and the Payment of

a Portion, not less than forty thousand Pounds Sterling, on or in Consideration of such Marriage, the

Right, Share, and Interest, of such other Princess so dying, or being married, in or to the said Annuity of

thirty thousand Pounds, shall cease and determine, and two third Parts of the said Annuity of thirty thou-

sand Pounds, amounting to twenty thousand Pounds per Annum, and no more, shall accrue and belong to

the other two Princesses then unmarried; and upon the Death or Marriage of either of the said two last-

mentioned Princesses, and Payment of a Portion, not less than forty thousand Pounds Sterling, on or in ’

Consideration of stich Marriage, the Right, Share, and Interest, of such Princess, of, in, and to the said

Annuity of twenty thousand Pounds, shall cease and determine, and the other of the said Princefl'es then

living, shall be intitled to twelve thousand Pounds per Annum, Part of the said Rent or Annuity of twenty

thousand Pounds, and no more, to cease and be determined on her Death or Marriage, and the Payment

of a Portion, not less than forty thousand Pounds Sterling, on or in Consideration of such Marriage.

Hia Majestyem- V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

powered to settle for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patent, or by several Letters Parents, under the

»n Annuity of Great Seal cf Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to give and grant unto his Highness Prince William Fre-

Annumon' derick, the Son of his said Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, or to such other Person or Persons as his

Prince William Majesty shall think fit to be named in such Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, during the Life of him

Frederick, to the said Prince William Frederick, in Trust for him the said Prince William Frederick, one other Annuity or

C?*1|\i!icer k00 yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of eight thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain

the oth*of* by Year, for and during his natural Life, to commence and take Effect from the Day of the Drceafc of

Giuucefteri lus said Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, and to be paid and payable, by even and equal Portions, on'

1 - the

Regulations for

dividing the said

Annuity upon

the Marriage or

Death of any of

the Prioccflci.

Go, gle

