TBe TITLES of

M7# An Act for dividing and inclosing Corfton Wood,

otherwise Corveton Wood or Common, within the Manor

of Corfton, otherwise Corverton, and Parish of Diddlcbury,

in die County of ; and for making a Boundary or

Ring-fence against a certain open and uninclosed Ground,

in the Manor of Corpham, within the same Parish.

12$. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Com-

mon Meadow, and other Commonable Lands and

Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Shears

djhby, in the County of Northampton.

b2$. An Act for dividing and inclosing nhe Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, ana Waste Grounds,

within the ParUh of Bleajby, in the County of Not-

tingham*

130. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Com-

mons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Pa-

rifli of Ipjlones, in the County of Stafford.

1*31. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Carpenter

Esquire, Earl of Tyrconnel in the Kingdom of Ireland,

with the Right Honourable Lady Frances Manners, his

now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for

oilier Purposes therein mentioned.

13 An Act to enable William Dutton Esquire, his first

and other Sons, and their issue Male, to take, use, and

bear the Name and Arms of Naper, pursuant to the

Will of James Lenox Dutton Esquire, deceased ; and for

making the Exemplification of the Will and Codicil of

the said James Lenox Dutton, under the Great Seal of

Great Britain, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity

in Great Britain and Ireland.

133. An Act to enable Isaac Martin Rebow Esquire, to

take and use the Surname of Martin, pursuant to the

Will of Matthew Martin Esquire, deceased.

134. An Act for naturalizing Maria Perry.

135. An Act for naturalizing Charles Morris Klanert.

136. An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of certain

F reehold and Copyhold Estates, late of Dame Elizabeth

the statutes;

Pettusy deceased', in Trustees, to convey and surrendep.

the fame respectively, pursuant to an Agreement for the

Sale thereof; and for laying out the Money in the Pur-

chafe of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to

the like Uses.

137. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, fe-

veral Commons, Moors, or Waste Grounds, and Open*

Common Fields, in the Township of Barnsley, within,

the Parish of Silkflon, in the County of York.

138. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,.

Common Meadows, Stinted Pasture, and Commonable

Lands, within the Parish of Earl Stoke, in the County

of Wilts.

13Q- An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-

mon Pastures, and other Commonable Grounds, in the

Manor and Parish of JJhton Keynes, in the County of

Wilts.

140. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fen,

Common Marsh, Common Fields, and Waste Grounds,

in the Parish of Surfleet, in the County of Lincoln.

141. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and;

Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Cantley,

Brampton, Beffacarr, and High Ellers, wichm the feve-

ral Manors ot Bramfiton and Beffacarr, in the Parish of

Cantley, in the Welt Riding of the County of York.

142. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Fields, Carrs, Ings, or Meadow Grounds, and Com-

mons, or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of

Melbourn and Stortbwaitr, within the Manor of Mel'•*

bourn with Storthivaite, in the Parish of Thornton, in the

East Riding of the County of York.

143. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or

Waste Ground, called Shapwick Moor or Shapwick Turf

Moor, in the Parish of Shapwick, in the County of-

SomerfeU

^.ooooie

