A.D. 1777. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 26, 27.

Notes, with the Privity and Consent of the Person advancing the fame, shall not be paid when due, or

shall be cancelled or destroyed wi*hout being fi-ft p ‘id ; or if ihe Consideration, or any Part of it, is paid

in Goods j or if any Part of the Considericion is letained on Pretence of answering the future Payments

of the Annuity, or any other Pretence ; in all and every of the aforesaid Cafes, it shall and may be lawful

for the Person, by whom the Annuity or Rent-charge is made payable, to apply to the Court, in which

any Action is brought for Payment of the Annuity on Judgment entered, by Motion, to stay Proceedings

on the Judgment or Action; and if it shall appear to the Court that such Practices as aforesaid, or any of

them, have been used, it shall and may be lawful for the Court to order the Deed, Bond, Instrument, or

other Assurance, to be cancelled, and the Judgment, if any has been entered, to be vacated.

V. And be it further enacted, That a particular Roll shall be provided and kept by the Clerks of

the Inrollments in Chancery, or their Deputy, on which such Memorials shall be entered, and that every

such Memorial shall be duly inrolled in order of Time, as the fame shall be brought to the Office; and the

said Clerks of the Inrollments, or their Deputy, shall specify upon the Roll the certain Day, Hour, and

Time, on which such-Memorial is brought to the Office, and shall grant a Certificate of the Inrollment

thereof when required; and that there shall be paid for the Inrollment of every such Memorial the Sum

of one Shilling, and no more, in case the fame do not exceed two hundred Words but if such Memorial

shall exceed'two hundred Words, then afrer the Rate and Proportion of Sixpence for every one hundred

Words, and the like Fees for every Certificate and Copy given; and the Fee of one Shilling for every

Search in the Office, and no more.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Contracts for the Purchase of any

Annuity with any Person being under the Age of twenty-one Years, shall be and remain utterly void,

any Attempt to confirm the fame, afrer such Person shall have attained the Age of twenty-one Years, not-

withstanding: And that if any Person shall, either in Person, by* Letter, Agent, or otherwise howsoever,

procure, engage, solicit, or 2(k any Person, being under the Age of twenty-one Years, to grant or at-

tempt to grant any Annuity or Rent-charge, or to execute any Bond, Deed, or other Instrument, for

securing the fame; or shall advance or procure, or treat for any Money to be advanced to any Person

under the Age of twenty-one Years, upon Consideration of any Annuity or Rent-charge to be secured or

granted by such Infant, after he or (lie shall have attained his or her Age of twenty-one Years ; or shall

induce, solicit, or procure any Infant, upon any Treaty or Transadtion for Money advanced, on to be

advanced, to make Oath, or to give his or her Word of Honour or solemn Promise, that he or she will

not plead Infancy, or make any other Defence against the Demand of any such Annuity or Rent-charge,

or the Repayment of the Money advanced to him or her when under Age ; or that when he or she comes

of Age, he or she will confirm or ratify, or in any way substantiate such Annuity or Rent charge ; every

such Person shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being thereof lawfully convicted in any Court of Assize,

Oyer and Terminer, or General Gaol Delivery, shall and may be punished for the said Offence by Fine,

Imprisonment, or other Corporal Punishment, as the Court shall think fit to award.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Solicitors and Solicitor, Scrive-

ners and Scrivener, Brokers and Broker, and other Persons or Person, who, from and afier the puffing of

this Act, shall ask, demand, accept, or receive, directly or indirectly, any Sum or Sums of Money, or

any other Kind of Gratuity or Reward, for the soliciting or procuring the Loan, and for the Brokerage of

any Money that shall be actually and bona fide advanced and paid as and for the Price or Consideration of

any such Annuity or Rent-charge, over and above the Sum of ten Shillings for every one hundred Pounds

so actually and Iona file advanced and paid, shall he deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor; and

being lawfully convicted of such Offence in any Court of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, or General Gaol

Delivery, shall and may, for every such Offence, be punished by Fine and Imprisonment, or one of them,

at the Uifcretion of the Court; and that the Person or Persons who shall have paid or given any Sum or

Sums of Money, Gratuity or Reward, shall be deemed a competent Witness or Witnesses to prove the

fame.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Annuity or

Rent-charge given by Will or by Marriage Settlement, or for the Advancement of a Chrid ; nor ux sny

Annuity or Rent-charge secured upon Lands of equal or greater annual Value, whereof the Grantor was

1fcfze<nr^ee-ftmplc or in Fee-tall in Poffiflioh at the Time of the Grant, or Secured by the actual Trans-

tcr ot STock in ary of the Public Funds, the Dividends whereot are of equal or greater annual Value

than the said Annuity; nor to any voluntary Annuity granted without regard to pecuniary Consideration s

-nor to any Annuity or~R~e~nt-charge granted by any Body Corporate, or under any Authority or I ru|F

created hv Act of Parliament; nor to any Annuity where the Sum to be paid does not exceed ten Pounds"

annually, unleTs there be more than one such last-mentioned Annuity from the same Grantor or Grantors,

to or in Trust for the same Person or Persons.

95

retjrneH^or iny

Nates /hall not

b" pa;d when

due. Sec.

the Court miy

order the D«*ed

to be cancelled,

tec.

Directions relat-

ing to the Inrol-

mont of Memo-

rials.

The Clerk*

Fees.

A’l Contract

for the Purchase

of Amiuiies

V/ th any Person

under 21 Year)

of Age, to be

void.

Any Per fen who

shall procure ct

f-any Mi-

n r to grant an

Annuity, Sec.

/hall be puni/hed

by Fine cr Im-

prisonment, Ac#

Solic tors, Scri-

vcncis, Sec. who

/hall take mire

than 10 s. pot*

tool, for pr*-

cu.ing Money

for Annuities,

/h ill he punished

by Fine and Im-

p. ifonment, dec.

Ccrtrn Cafes to

which this Act

shall not extend*

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs on the Exportation of Tea.

to Ireland.

4 \\7 H ER E A S the Drawback allowed by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the p ,

4 V V Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, an Act for granting a Drawback of Part of the Cujhrns a^i^Gco

4 upon the Exportation of Da to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America; for altering the Drawback rc^t*d. l°

4 upon Foreign Sugars exported from Gteat Britain to Ireland ; for continuing the Bounty on the Exportation cf

4 Britiftw/W* Cordage \ for allowing the Importation of Rice from the Briiiffi Plantations into the Ports of

4 Bristol, Livcrpoole, Lancaffcr, and Whitehaven, for immediate Exportation to Foreign Parts; and to im-

_ i. X___

m;

f

power

