294

Commissionerl

of the Treasury

to sign Warrants

for Payment of

the said Annuity

quarterly, with-

out any Fees,

Such Warrants,

after signed, to

be valid, not-

withstanding the

Demise of hia

Majesty, See,

Commissioners

of the Tieifuiy,

&c. withe ut Fee

or Reward, to

do all 7 hings

necessary to ren-

der this Act

efttftual.

Receipt of the

Earl of Chat-

ham, Sec. shall

be a Efficient

Discharge.

The Annuity to

be Tax-free.

If Officers of

the Exchequer

shall refuse to

pay the Annuity

on Demand, dec,

they may be

prosecuted for

the fame.

The Annuity

verted in John

Earl cf Chat-

ham, Sec.

and not to he

aliened or in-

cumbered for

any longer

Term than the

Life of the

Party j

except in making

res.

Public Act,

C. 66, 67. Anno decimb octavo Georgii III. A. D. 1778.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer and Under-treasurer

of the Exchequer and Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorised

and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to dire# the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now

and for the Time being, to make forth and pass Debentures, from Time to Time, for paying the said

Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum cf four thousand Pounds, as the fame shall, from Time to Time, become

due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part

theieof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon, shall be a suffi-

cient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the

Time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum to the said John Earl of Chatham,

and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said late William Earl of Chatham begotten as aforesaid, or to such

other Person or Persons as shall be intitled to receive any Parc of the said Annuity as aforesaid, at the respec-

tive quarterly Feast Days in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other

Warrant, to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf,

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, after signing of such Warrant,

the fame shall be good, valid, and eftecftual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof,

and of this Act; and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demise of his Majesty (whom God

long preserve), or of any of his Heirs or Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said

Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the

Power, Office, or Offices, of them, or any of them.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Treasury now

being, and the High Treasurer of the Treasury for the Time being, Chancellor and Under-treasurer,

Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Ex-

chequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby authorised

and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as

are herein-before directed a’nd required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or

either of them, in order to render this Act, and the several Payments hereby directed, effectual,

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or

Receipts, of the said John Earl of Chatham, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said late William Earl of

Chatham, and of such other Person or Persons as shall be intitled or authorised to receive the said Annuity

or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment there*-

of, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said Annu-

ity or yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and

other public Charges whatsoever : And in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exche-

quer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, according

to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Act necessary to enable the said John Earl of

Chatham, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said William late Earl of Chatham, and such other Person

or Persons as shall be intitled to receive the said Annuity, or any Part thereof, to receive the same, then

the said John Earl of Chatham, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said William late Earl of Chatham,

and such other Person or Persons as shall be intitled to receive the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, of

any Part thereof, may from Time to Time sue, prosecute, and implead, such Officers, or any of them,

their Executors and Administrators, by Bill, Plaint, or Action of Debt, and shall or may recover Judg-

ments, and sue out Executions thereupon, against such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors, or

Administrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuity,

yearly Rent, or Sum, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the

Receipt of the Exchequer, at the Time or Times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Pay-

ment of the said Annuity, yearly Rent, or Sum, or any Part thereof, as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or

Neglect to do any Act necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

Vlf. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Annuity, yearly Rent, or Sum

of four thousand Pounds, shall be, and the fame is by this Act veiled in the said John Earl of Chatham, and

the Heirs Male of the Body of the said late JViUiam Eatl of Chatham, to whom the said Title, Honour, and

Dignity of Earl of Chatham shall defeend ; and that the fame, or any Part thereof, shall not at any Time

or l imes hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged, or incumbered, by the said John Earl of

Chatham, or by any of the Heirs Male of the said late William Earl of Chatham, for any greater or larger

Estate or Time than during the natural Life of the Person so aliening, conveying, disposing, charging, or

incumbering the fame, or so as to prevent the fame from defeending to the Hairs Male in Tail, according to

the Limitation aforesaid, other than, and according to, and in pursuance of, the Power for making such

Jointures as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this Act shall be adjudged*

deemed, and taken, in all Cafes, and in all Courts and Places, to be a public A£L

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for making proper Drains and Sewers, for the Purpose of carrying off the Water, from the Pre-

bend.d Estate of Halliiuell and Finsbury, in the Suburbs of the City of London5, and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for authoring the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to fell the present Session-

house for the said County, and for enabling them to build another Session-house iaa more convenient Si-

tuation*

