7

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III.

C. 5.

said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, at such

Times and Places as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall direct ; and all the said Officers

and Persons so accounting as aforesaid, shall, upon Oath, if thereunto required (which Oath the said

.Trustees, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer), verify their said Accounts:

And if any Collector, Treasurer, Officer, or Person, shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify

upon Oath, any such Accounts, or to produce the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as

aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Per-

fons as they shall appoint, within ten Days after being thereunto required by any five or more of the said

Trustees, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power, relating to his Office or to

the Execution of this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as, upon the Balance of any Ac-

count or Accounts, shall appear to be in their Hands, to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them,

or to such Person or Persons as they shall direct and appoint; then, and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, the

said Trustees, or any five or more of them, may and are hereby authorised and empowered to bring or cause

to be brought any Action or Actions against the Officer, Person or Persons, so neglectingor refusing as

aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers,

Person or Persons respectively, or for the Delivery of the said Books, Papers, or Writings; or if Com-

plaint shall be made by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they

shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for

the County of Middlesex% such Justice may, and is hereby authorised and required, by a Warrant or War-

rants under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so refusing or neglect-

ing, to be brought before him, and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to near and de-

termine the Matter in a summary Way ; and if, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the

Testimony of any credible Wttnefs or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the

Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or

Officers, Person or Persons, unaccounted for, such Justice may, and is hereby authorised and required, by

Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of

the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons offending in the Premises respec-

tively ; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient

to answer and satisfy such Money, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, or in case it shall appear to

such Justice, by the Confession of the Party so offending, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness

upon Oath, that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this A£t9 shall be in the

Custody or Power of any such Officer or Person, and he shall refuse to deliver the fame as aforesaid, or in

case such Person or Persons shall refuse to account upon Oath, or shall not tiuly account, or shall not pay

the Balance of the Account; then, and in either of the said Cafes, such Justices shall commit every such

Offender to the Common or other Gaol of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize

until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall com-

pound with the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such

Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, are

hereby impowered to make) \ and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, as afore-

said, orgive Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons (Hall be unable to pay the

Rate or Rates to be made in pursuance of this Act, or shall be overcharged, he, (he, or they may, upon

a Day to be fixed by two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, appear before them,

and make their Objections thereto; which said Justice and Justices are hereby impowered and required to

hear and relieve them in such Manner as to them shall seem just ; Notice of the Time and Place of hearing

the fame being given in the said Patiih Church the Sunday preceding the fame 5 and which Notice is

hereby required to be given on an Order being signed by two of the said Trustees for the Time being for

tbu Purpose.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall and

may, in pursuance of this Act, make such Rules, Orders* and Regulations, for the better Disposition of

the Monies aforesaid, and for the better relieving, maintaining, governing* employing, educating, and

regulating the Poor of the said Parish, as to them shall appear neceuary or expedient, so as such Rules and

Regulations are not repugnant to the Laws of this Realm.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall and

may, at any public Meeting, order and direct the Treasurer or Treasurers, from Time to Time, to pay

such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall think necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and the Use of

the said Parish; and the said Treasurer and Treasurers are hereby authorised and required to pay the famo,

from Time to Time, accordingly; which Sum or Sums so paid shall be allowed nim or them in his or

their Accounts respectively.

XL. And be it further enacted. That the said Trustees, or any five or. more of them, shall* and are

hereby impowered to keep, maintain, and employ, and to cause to be kept, maintained, and employed,

all the Poor of the said Parish in such Workhouse or Workhouses to be erected by virtue of this Act, and

to purchase Materials for that Purpose, and to take the Benefit of the Work, Labour, and Service of

every such Person or Persons, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act* and the Relief and Main-

tenance of the Poor of the said Parish.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees,. or any five er more of them, shall, and they

are hereby impowered to purchase or contract and agree, from Time to Time, as they shall think fir, with

any Person or Persons, for all Provisions, Necessaries, and Materials of what Kind soever, which shall

be used or brought into the said Workhouse. or for the Use of the Poor; and also to contract or agree for

the lodging, keeping*, maintaining* or enqploying* any or all such Poor of the faidParish, four Days pre-

vious

Penalty on Offi-

cers refuting to

account, or for

deliver Wri«

tiogi, Scu

If Balance not*

paid, may be

levied by

Distress.

For want of f*»^

ficient Dtftrtli,

&c. Offender

may be cos\-

mititd.

Poor P#rf"n«*

or any over*

charged, may/

appral to the

justices.

Truste* rosy

make Rrgula--

tionr.

Treaforert to*

pay Monies to

the Trusttee

Older*

Poor to be fetto1

Work, ani the

Pdiifti to have

the Benefit of'

their Labour.

Trustees may

contract for

Provisions, Setk

for the Wodfc—-

hoof*.

