3*

C. 12.

Officers to give

Security

•unreyomnay

gig Graved ftc,

levelling the

Ground, and

making Satis-

fa&ioA, Scc.

la case of Ac-

cidents, Truf-

tees may make

nfe of a Ferry,

or temporary

Bridget

Person* mall-

cipufly destroy-

inp the Bridge,

guilty of J’clony.

Penalty on Per-

fons injuring the

Bridge, dec.

Matter; of Vef-

feh made an-

fweftble for any

Damage done by

their Cr«».

Penalty for

•aufing An*

aoyaucea.

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or shall have compounded for the fame, and paid such

Competition to the fa id Trustees, or shall be otherwise discharged by due Course of Law

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, and they are hereby impow-

ered and required from Time to Time to take such Security from the Clerks, Treasurers, or other Officers

and Persons by them appointed and employed in the Execution of this Act, for the due and faithful Exe-

cution of their several and respective Offices or Employments, as they shall think proper.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors, or such Person or Persons as he

or they shall employ for that Purpose, shall and may, and he and they is and arc hereby authorised and

impowered, from Time to Time, by Order of the said Trustees, to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry

away, any Gravel, Heath, Sand, Stones, Ballast, or any other Materials proper and necessary for making

and completing the said Bridge, or for repairing and keeping the fame in Repair when made, or for mak-

ing, repairing, and keeping in Repair the Roads or Avenues leading thereto, in, upon, out of, or from

any Waste Ground, or out of any River or Brook, in the respective Parifoes of Brofeley and Sutton Mad-

dock aforesaid; andI also in, upon, or out of, and from the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons

whatsoever (not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, Lawn, Wood, Coppice, Nursery, or

inclosed Ground, planted with any Avenue of Trees for the Ornament of any House), such Surveyor or

Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, filling up the Pits, and levelling the Ground from which such Ma-

terials shall be taken, and making Satisfaction to the respective Lord or Lords of the Soil of such Waste

Ground, River, or Brook, and to the Owners or, Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds, for the Damages

he, (he, or they shall and may sustain thereby; and in case such Lord or Lords, Owners or Occupiers,

and the said Trustees, cannot agree touching such Satisfaction to be made, the fame shall and maybe

settled and determined by any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Salop \ and the Sum or

Sums so agreed upon or settled shall be paid to the Person or Persons intitled thereto, out of the Monies to

be raised by virtue of this Act, and shall be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the

said Trustees, by Warrant, under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; or otherwise by Action or Actions

in one of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster.

4 XXXI. And whereas it may happen that the said Bridge may receive such Damage by unforeseen Ac-

4 cidents, that the Passage thereof may for some Time become dangerous and impracticable be it there-

fore enacted, That when, and as often as it shall so happen, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or

such Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, to provide a proper and

convenient Ferry or Ferries, or otherwise to erect a temporary Bridge across the said River Severn, and as

near to the Scite of the said Bridge as conveniently may be, and to take.and receive for the Passage over the

said River, by such Ferry or Ferries, or temporary Bridge, such Tolls as are hereby authorised to be taken

for passing over the said Bridge. Provided nevertheless, That such Ferry or Ferries, or temporary Bridge,

shall continue for such Time only as shall be necessary for repairing and rebuilding the said Bridge, and

until the Passage over the fame shall be made safe and commodious.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wil-

fully and maliciously blow up, burn, pull down, or destroy the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or any of

the Works belonging thereto, such Person or Persons, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged

guilty of Felony, ana shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties, as in Cafes of Felony; and

the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall and may, and they are

hereby authorised and impowered to order and direct such Person or Persons to be transported to some one

of his Majesty’s Plantations in America, for the Term of seven Years; or otherwise, it shall and may be

lawful to and for such Court to sentence such Person or Persons to be kept to hard Labour, for any Term

not exceeding the Term of three Years, in Manner directed in and by an Act passed in the sixteenth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorisey for a limited Time, the Punishment by hard

Labour of Offenderx, who for certain Crimes are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his Majestys Co-

ionics and Plantations.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Terfon or Persons shall

wilfully hurt, damage, injure, or deface the said Bridge, or any of the Works belonging thereto, and shall

be lawfully convicted thereof, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one

or more of his Majesty’s Tuftices of the Peace for the County of Salop, such Person or Persons shall forfeit

and pay to the said Trustees, for the Time being, the Sum of forty Shillings, in case the Damage or In-

jury occasioned to the said Bridge, or the Works belonging thereto, shall not exceed the Sum of forty Shil-

lings ; but in case such Damages or Injury shall exceed the Sum of forty Shillings, then such Justice or

Justices shall and may award such Offender or Offenders to pay to the said Trustees such Sum or Sums, as

luchjustice or Justices, in his or their Discretion, shall think fit, not exceeding double the Value of the

Damage proved, on Oath, to be done to the said Biidge, or the Works belonging thereto.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Master or Owner of any Boat, Barge, Lighter,

or other Vessel navigated upon the said River Severn, shall be, and is hereby declared subject and liable to

ihake Satisfaction for any Damage which shall be done to the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or to any

of the Works which shall be erected for building the fame, by such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel,

by the Wilfulness or Negligence of the Crew who shall navigate or belong to such Boat, Barge, Lighter,

<jr other Vessel; and in case the fame shall not be forthwith paid, the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time

being to the said Trustees shall and may in his own Name sue for such Damages or Trespafs in any of his

Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, 'lli^t if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall place or suffer any

Carriage whatsoever to (land or remain on the said Bridge, or in any Road or Avenue leading to the fame,

except for the immediate taking up or Delivery of any Goods or Merchandize, or for the Removal of any

Filth,

