546 C. 31,

Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

A. p. 1780.

additional Duty

of 5 per Cent,

granted by 19

Geo.liLCap.25.

Duties to be le-

vied and recover*

ed in (be fame

Manner as for-

mer Duties^

and to be under

the Management

of the Commis-

ftoners of the

Customs, &c.

A Separate Ac-

count to be kept

in the Auditor's

Office of all Mo-

nies paid in by

Authority of this

a a.

Application

thereof.

Upon the Ex-

portation of any

Wine from this

Kingdom, Ex-

porter to be al-

lowed a Draw-

back of all the

Duties laid here-

00 by this A&.

Preambles

is granted tq his Majesty, by an Act, made in the lad Sessionof Parliament, intimled, An 4ft fir &ranting

to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Alanagement of the respective

Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Duties and

Impositions herein-before granted, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in such Manner

ana Form, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures (except

where any Alteration is made by this Act), as the former Duties now payable to his Majesty upon such

Articles respectively are raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, as fully and effectually to all In-

tents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, respectively,

relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act; and the

fame mall be under the Management and Direction of the respective Commissioners of the Customs, and

their Officers, for the Time being, and shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver-general of the Cuf-

toms in England\ and shall be by him paid (the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, and answering

the fame, only excepted) into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, distinct and apart from all other

Monies which such Receiver-general shall receive for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for

the Use and Purposes in this Act mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the

Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising

from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate

and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Ac-

count whatsoever; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, (ha)l, to-'

gether with such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this Session

of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other

Charges and Expences a9 are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of

Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a

Lottery.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Export-

ation of any Sort of Wine from this Ringdom to any Part or Place beyond the Seas, as Merchandise, the

Exporter shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of all the before-mentioned Duties prid upon the Import-

ation of such Wine, by virtue of this Act; which Drawback or Allowance shall be made in such Manner,

and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Respects, as any former Drawback

or Allowance, payable out of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation of such Wine, was, could, or

might be made before the passing of this Act.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain, in Ships the

Property of Persons of aqy Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty;

\X7 HEREAS much of the Shipping of this Kingdom, built in Times of Peace for the Purposes of

Vy Commerce, is now, in the present Time of War and Hostilities, employed in transporting your

® T*rnnne on/1 anrl nnmr ooflolo aiiaVi tki. /*r-virito/l ITvor»innr> nf

Exporters of HrL*

tiJhCom inVet*

feU belonging to

any Su* tin Ami-

ty with his Ma.

jeily, to be al-

lowed Half the

usual Bounty.

*Ebe said Bounty

to be paid under

the like Condi-

tions, Sec. as for

Corn exported

ii) British Sh p-

ping.

Continuance of

this A&.

c War, the Exportation of Corn and Grain from Great Britain is so far interrupted, that it cannot now,

with Advantage to the Farmer and Merchant, notwithstanding the Bounty granted thereon, be exported

in British Shipping, the Master and Two-thirds at least of the Mariners being your Majesty’s Subjects:'

May it therefore pleafcyour Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Ex-

cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament afieinbled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the

passing of this Act, there be allowed to the Exporters of Corn and Grain, who shall export the fame

in Ships or Vessels that are the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or States in Amity with his Majesty,

his Heirs or Successors, one Moiety of the Bounty or Bounties respectively which is or are, by the Laws

now in being, directed to be allowed to the Exporters of Corn and Grain the Growth of Great Britain,

exported in British Shipping.

II. Provided always, That the said Bounty or Bounties be allowed and paid under the like Conditions,

Regulations, and Rcstrictions, as by the Laws now in being are directed to be observed in the Cafe of

the said Corn or Grain exported in British Shipping; and that the Collector, or other proper Officer at

the Ports or Places in this Kingdom from whence the fame shall be exported, do first receive full and

satisfactory Proof that the said Corn or Grain, for which the Bounty herein-before allowed is claimed, is

wholly and entirely, without Mixture of any other, the Growth of Great Britain.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in Force until

the twenty-fifth Day of Marchy which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

eighty-one.

CAP.

