104

Duties to becol-

Jested by such.

Persons, and

paid into the

Ercbcquer under

such Penalties,

Arc. as are ap-

pointed for the

Duties on Houses

and Windows,

by two Acts

2o Geo. II.;

Acts ii Geo.

U.

31 Geo. II.

2 Geo. III.

and 6 Geo. Ill,

Commissioners

of the before-

mentioned Acts,

/hall put this

Act in Execu*

tion*

Time of first

Meeting, dec.

Com midi oners

to give Notice

of the Appoint-

ment of Afief-

fois.

Assessors to ^ive

No ice in V/ri-

ine to M.i('or«,

See. to p 0 nice

Lifts ol ' heir

Servan s e n-

ployed within

trtir D.ftr.fts,

Arc,

Ho t ATeiH-rs

so i>r• Cc , in

ti<V M til.rs

r.<gVit to deliver

1 i.h Lifts,

C. 39. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1777*

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duty by this Act imposed as afore-

said shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and received by such Persons, and shall be paid into his

Majesty’s Exchequer, for the Purposes irr this Act expressed, in such and the like Form and Manner, and

with such Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such

Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are prescribed or appointed for assessing, raising, levying, collecting,

receiving, and paying, the Duties on Hojufes and Windows or Lights, in and by an Act, made in the

twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled. An Act for repealing the several Rjitei and Duties

upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses,

Windows, or Lights ; and for raising the Sum offour millions four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be

charged on the said Rates or Duties; and by Another Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his

said late M ajesty, intituled. An Act to inforce the Execution of an Act of this fseftion of Parliament, for grant-

ing to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and by an Act, made in the

twenty-first Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, an Act for explaining, amending, andfurther/

enforcing the Execution of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, 44 An Act for the repealing"

44 several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other

44 Rates and Duties upon Houses Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of four millions four

44 hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties;” and by an Act,

made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled. An Act for granting to his Ma-

jestyfeveral Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon I Windows or Lights; and for

raising the Sum offive millions by Annuities, and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and by

an Act, made in the fecon.l Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An Act for granting to his

Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Windows or Lights', and by an Act, made in the sixth Year of the

Reign of his said present Majesty, intituled. An Act for repealing the several Duties upon Hoifes, Windows,

and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, or by any of

them ; and that all andeveiy the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses,

-Matters, and Things now in Force, contained in the said several Acts, or any of them, for the assessing,

railing, levying, collecting, and paying the Rates and Duties thereby granted, shall be in full Force, and

be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, for

the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the Duties upon Servants by this Act granted, as

fully and efreftua.ly, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame are or may be, for the assessing, raising, le-

vying, collecting, and charging the Rates and Duties granted by the aforesaid Acts, or any of them, so far

as the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, and Penalties, are applicable thereunto, and not altered by this

Act ; and that all Monies arising by the said Duty granted by this Act (the nccefliiry Charges of raifi ig and

accounting for the fame excepted), shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s

Exchequer at Westminster, distinftly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenue, and shall be

carried to, and made Part of, the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better Execution of this Act,

and for the orderirg, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the Duty hereby granted, the Commissioners

authorised or appointed, or who shall be hereafter authorised or appointed, for putting in Execution the

said hereiri-bdore mentioned Acts, or any of them, shall be Commtftioners for putting in Execution this

present Act, and the Powers therein contained, in all and every the respective Counties, Shires, Stew-

artfies, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque-ports, Towns, and Places respectively within Great Britain;

and that the said Commissioners, in order to the speedy Execution of this Act, shall, in their respective

Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque ports. Towns, and Place*, for which

they are or shall be appointed Commissioners respectively, meet on or before the thirtieth Day of April,

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and shall, in like Manner, meet yearly and every Year, at

such Day or Time as the said Commissioners for the Time being shall think proper to appoint, before the

thirtieth Day of April yearly; and shall thru divide themselves to act in separate Districts, and proceed in

the Execution of this present Act, for assessing, raising, levying, and collecting the Duty hereby granted

as aforesaid,-in such and the same Manner as is prescribed by the said before-mentioned Acts, or any of

them, with respect to the Rates and Duties thereby imposed.

IX. And it is hereby also enacted. That the said Commissioners shall, in the Precepts to be from Time

to Time directed by them to the Inhabitants of the Parishes or Places within their respective Districts or

Divisions, whom they shall think fit to be Presentors and Assessors under the said before-mentioned Acts,

or any of them, cause Notice to be inserted, that such Persons are to be appointed Assessors of the Duty

upon Servants granted by this Act.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons to be appointed Assessors as

aforesaid shall, within fourteen Days after such their Appointment yearly, give or leave Notice or Warning

in Writing, to or for the Matter or Mifticfs of every Servant on whom a Duty is imposed by this Act,

within the Limits of the Places for which such Assessors are to act, at his or her Dwell in g-house, to pre-

pare and produce, within the Space of fourteen Days then next ensuing, a List in Writing of his or her

Servants retained or employed within the said Parish or District, dtferibing the Number by him or her re-

tained or employed, the Christian and Surname of each Servant, and the Office or Capacity in or for which

each Servant is retained or employed ; every such Lift to contain the greatest Number of Servants at any

one Time retained and employed in the Course of the Year, ending on the twenty-fr rh Day of Alarch in

each preceding Year; and chit every such Mailer or MifticB do and shall, after such Notice so given or

Ffr, make out a List of his or her Servants accordingly, and sign rhe fame with his or lur own Hand, and

deliver the fame, or cause the fame to Ik- delivered, to such A (Tell or or Assessors ; And in cae any such

Master or Mistress shall neglect or refuse to make out, (ion, and deliver such Lift within the Time before-

mentioned, then such Afic-iibr or AiTtflb/* (httl, from the btft lniormation he or th> y can ebuin, make an

4 Afldlment

