A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georg 11 Ilf. C. 23, 24. 349

any such Drawback or Allowance whatsoever be made or paid for any Ouantity of Rum which shall be

so exported or shipped for Stores as aforesaid, on board of any Vessel or Vessels of less Burthen than one

hundred Tens; bur that all such Rum shall be exported and (nipped, in all Refpcfts not otherwise directed

by this present Act, under the same Rules, Regulations, and Penalties, as are prescribed by any former

Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, relating to the Exportation of Spirits, drawn or made in Great

Britain, as Stores to be spent and consumed aboard in any Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act more effectually to enable the President and Governors of the Hospital or Infirmary at Bath% efta-

blished by an Act, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

intituled, An Act for establishing and well-governing an Hospital or Infirmary in the City of Bath, to take

or acquire, and hold, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Interest in Lanas, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, and any Money or Pfcrfonal Property, to be laid out in Lands, Tenements, or Here-

ditaments, pursuant to any Will, or otherwise, to the Amount limited in the said A3.

44 Preamble, reciting A3 12 Geo. IJ.-c. $1. Devises, &c. deemed valid, although not made conformable

44 to Statute of Mortmain. Hospital Estate not to exceed the Sum limited by former A3. General Say-

44 ing. Public A3.”

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for charging the Lands within the North Level, Part of the Great Level of die

Fens called Bedford Levels and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crow-

Iand% with further Taxes, for a limited Time, for discharging the Debts incurred by the

Commissioners under an Act of the T wenty-seventh Year of King George the Second* and

for better supporting and preserving the Drainage of the said Lands.

4 \WHEREAS, by an Act of Parliament, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

4 VV jesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the, Draining of the Great Level of the

4 Fens% called Bedford Level, it was (amongst other Things) enacted, That Ivilliam then Earl of Bed-

* ford, and the Adventurers and Participants of Francis then late Earl of Bedford, and of the

4 William, their Heirs and Assigns, should be. a Body Politic and Corporate, in Deed and in Name, and

4 have Succession for ever, by the Name of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of

4 Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, with Power to lay Taxes on ninety-five thousand Acres

4 of Land, allotted as a Recompence for draining the said Great Level, in order to the Support, Main-

4 tenance, and Preservation, of the said Great Level, and Works made, and to be made, for that Purpose,

4 in such Manner as by the said Act is set forth: And whereas, by another Act, passed in the twenty-

4 seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for discharging

4 the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great

4 Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford, and Earl of Lin-

4 coin, and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Levels Part of the said Great Levels to raise

4 Money to aifeharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation, and for afeer-

4 taining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Levelj and for the more effectual draining and

4 preserving the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland ; (fating

4 (amongst other Fafts) that, at a Court of the said Corporation, held on the tenth Day of Marchy one

4 thousand six hundred and ninety-seven, the said Corporation had declared, that the several Parts of the

4 said Great Level should be distinguished by the Names of the North Levels the Middle Levely and the

4 South Levely respectively; it was (amongst other Things) enacted. That all the Money that should arise

4 or be produced by the Taxes on such Part of the said ninety-five thousand Acres as lay within the said

4 North Level (and which were thereby fixed at a Tax and a Quarter), and all other Rents and Revenues

4 of the said Corporation, arising from the said North Level, should from thenceforth be applied and dif-

4 posed of by the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and their Successors, in and about the several

4 Banks and Works in the said Act, in that Behalf mentioned 5 and, in the first Place, to raise, make

4 good, and keep in Repair, the North Bank of Moreton’s Learne, the East Bank of Cordykey from More-

4 toris Learne so The Folly Banky the Folly Bank from Cordyke to the River IVelland\ the Bank reaching from

4 The Folly Bank to Pcakirk Town, and the South Bank of the River IVelland to the Weft Dam at the End

4 of Crowland Town, until the said Banks should be made of such Height and Strength as the said Gover-

4 nor. Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or their Successors, should judge sufficient^to defend the said North

4 Level, and South Holland, against the Land-floods ; and afterwards, in such other Works belonging to

4 the said North Level as are therein for that Purpose mentioned: And whereas it was by the said last-

4 mentioned Act further enacted. That the Lands and Grounds in the said North Level, and the Lands

% called Portsand, otherwise Great Porfand, lying within the Manor of Crowland, in South Holland, in the

4 County of Lincoln, intended to be drained under the Authority of the said Act, should be divided into

4 five several Districts, in Manner therein mentioned; and Commissioners were thereby appo inted for the

4 said several Districts* and Powers were thereby given for continuing and keeping up a Succession of such

4 Commissioners ; and it was thereby enacted. That the Commissioners for the said five Districts should

4 meet yearly, and from Time to Time artels, tax, and charge, all and every the respective Owner or

4 Owners cr all and Angular the Lands and Grounds within the said several Districts (except as therein

4 i.< excepted) by and with equal and proportionable yearly Rates and Taxes, not exceeding one Shilling,

Preamble*

Recital of Ada

15 Car. II.

and 17 Geo. II,

VOL. XIII. Partlll.

per

By the last-

mentioned Act,

the North Level

and Portsand

were divided into

five Di fir id 11

and Conmvf-

fiontrs appoint-

ed, who were

inr,powered to

lay Taxes not

exceeding 1f.

per Acre for the

first Four Year*,

