383

A.D. 1779^ Anno decimo nono Georg 11 III. G. 34.

five or more of the said Commissioners, without Stamps, freed and discharged from all and every of the

Kates, Taxes, and Penalties, charged or rated upon the fame, by the said Commissioners before such Sale

thereof; and every Grant or Conveyance so made shall be valid and effectual, and the Person or Persons to

whom such Sale shall be made shall be a lawful Purchaser of the said Common or Commons, or Part or

Parts of Common, as shall be so fold, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIII. Provided also, That the said Commissioners shall give public Notice, from Time to Time, of Public Notice

the Sale of the Lands and Commons for which any Tax or Penalty is or shall be in Arrear, by affixing fcrbe given of

openly on the several Church Doors of the several Parishes within the Limits of the said District, a Schedule Sale,#

on Parchment, under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any five of them, three Sundays at the lead

preceding such Sale, containing such Lands and Commons, or Part or Parts of Common, in the said Dif-

trift, for which any Tax or Penalty is or shall be in Arrear, with the Name and Names of the respective

Owner pr Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, if the fame are known to the said Commissioners,

wkh the Sum or Sums due thereon for the Tax and Penalty; and if the Owner or Owners of any of the

said Lands are not known to the said Commissioners, then the fame shall be set out and described in the

said Schedule by their Abuttals; and that all Sales of Lands and Commons, or Part or Parts of Common,

made in pursuance of such Notice, and in Manner herein-before directed, shall be valid and effectual to

all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Thing contained in this, or the Act hereby intended to be

amended, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided also, That if any of the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds herein-before directed to be How Money

fold for Nonpayment of the Taxes due thereon, shall be Adventure Lands, in every such Cafe the Monies Paid Jor *d*CB:

arising from the Sale thereof shall, in the first Place, be applied by the Commissioners in discharging the ikd

Taxes due thereon to the Corporation of Bedford Level5 in the next Place, the reasonable Charges of the e pp

Commissioners attending such Sale ; and that if any Surplus shall remain after the Payment of the Taxes,

and also the Charges attending such Sale, the fame shall be applied in discharging all or so much of the

Taxes as shall be due to the said Commissioners on the said Premises.

XXV. Provided also, That if any of the said Lands or Grounds so fold for Nonpayment of Taxes be Dee^fluUbe

Adventure Lands, in every such Cafe, the Deed, Writing, or Instrument, purporting to be a Sale thereof refiftatS.

from the said Commissioners, shall be registered in the lilt? Manner as Conveyances of the ninety-five thou-

sand Acres of Adventure Land are directed to be registered, by an Act passed in the fifteenth Year of the

Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford

Level.

XXVI. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Land*, whe«

impower the said Commissioners to discharge such Lands and Commons, or any Part thereof, from any fold, to be liable

Rates or Taxes wherewith the fame shall, after Sale thereof as aforesaid, be liable to be rated or assessed; *o Taxe* by thia

but that the said Lands and Commons, or Part or Parts of Common, after they are so fold, shall be rated thcf®rmer

or assessed in such Manner as other Lands and Grounds of the like Kind and Degree shall be assessed ; ex- 1

cept, nevertheless, with respect to the Adventure Lands, or any Part thereof, that the said Commissioners

shall, after such Sale, remain vested with the Power and Authority given by this AS, of abating and re-

mitting so much of the Tax as shall appear to them necessary for preventing the fame from being forfeited

and abandoned for Nonpayment of the Tax.

XXVII. Provided also, That nothing contained in the Power hereby given to the Commissioners to fell and by A£

the said Adventure Lands, for the Nonpayment of the Tax imposed oy this present AS, or the Act 15 Cm. II.

hereby intended to be amended and rendered more effectual, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

exonerate or discharge such Lands so fold, from any Tax or Taxes that shall or may, after the Sale thereof,

be imposed by virtue of an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in-

tituled, An Act for settling the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Levels but that all

Purchasers thereof shall have and enjoy the fame, subject thereto.

4 XXVIII. And, the better to enable the said Commissioners to borrow such further Sums of Money as Commi/noneri

c will be Sufficient to complete the Works necessary for the draining and Improvement of the said Fen m*y borrow

* Lands and Low Grounds, and Navigation through the famebe it further enacted by the Authority

aforesaid. That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, such major Part being not less than

seven, act'embled at any Public Meeting to be held as aforesaid, shall and may, and are hereby impowered,

from Time to Time, to borrow any sum or Sums of Money which they shall think necessary, for the

making, carrying on, or completing, repairing, and preserving of such Works; and by Writing under and iflign the

their Hands and seals, without Stamps, to assign over the said yearly Rates, Taxes, and Tolls, hereby Rat«a»aSe-

charged and to be charged upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and Navigation, and every or any curlt>

Part thereof (the Costs and Charges of the Assignments to be paid out of the said Taxes), as a Security

for Repayment of such Sum or Sums, with Interest, not exceeding five Pounds ter Centum,per Annumy to x

the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Sura or Sums, his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees;

which Money so to be borrowed shall, in the first Place, be applied to defray the Expences of obtaining this

present Act, and all Proceedings preparatory thereto, and other incidental Charges attending the lame;

and the Residue of the Money so to be borrowed shall be applied and disposed of in making and repairing,

such Cuts, Drains, Dams, Banks, Funnels, and Outlets, and erecting such Works and Engines, as may

be necessary for draining and improving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and Navigation, and to

and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted and declared. That the Tolls, Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money Moolet assessed

to be assessed by virtue of this Act upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and Navigation, shall be thi* aq,

charged and chargeable, in the first Place, with the Payment of the Principal Money already borrowed by pharged wirfh

virtue of the Act hereby intended to be amended and rendered more effectual, and in the next Place with Pn^ip"i and

the Money which shall be hereafter borrowed by virtue of the some, or of this Act, and the Interest of imertft.

Ddd 2 such

