A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. C. 10, n.

*9

CAP. X.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Ifey of March, one thousand seven hundred

and seventy-seven.

CAP. XI.

An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed

in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worded,

in the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester.

4 XA7 ^ £ R E A S by an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

V V George the Second, intituled, An Act for themore effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed

4 by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fuflian, Cotton, Iron, Leather,

4 Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journey-

4 men Dyers and Journeymen Hot-prefers, ana of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures; and for

the better Payment of their Wages: And by another Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his

4 present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 44 An Act for the more effectual preventing

44 of Frauds and Abuses committed by persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen,

44 Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and for

44 preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-preflers, and of all Per-

44 ions employed in the said several Manufactures; and for the better Payment of their Wages And by

4 another Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, intituled, An Act to ex-

4 plain and amend an Act, made in the foserteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, 44 An Act to amend an

Preamble.

Altsai Geo. IJ%

14 Geo. III.

Snd 15 Geo*

111. recited*

44 Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful 'Combinations of Journeymen

44 Dyers and Journeymen Hot-preffers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures; and

44 for the better Payment of their Wages: Certain Penalties and runifhments, in the said Acts respectively

4 mentioned, are inflicted upon all Persons who shall reel false or short Yarn, and on Persons embezzling

the Materials used in the said Manufactures: And whereas the good Purposes of the said Laws have been

4 greatly frustrated, drom the Manufacturers of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from

4 Worsted, being unwilling to expose themselves singly to the Loft attending the Resentment of the Spin-

4 ners and Work People, by prosecuting them for Offences against the said Acts: And whereas this im-

4 portant Branch of the Woollen Manufactory will be greatly prejudiced thereby, unlpfs the Manufactuiers

4 are enabled jointly to carry these Laws into effectual Execution; which cannot be done without the Aid

4 of Parliament :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and1 by the Authority of the same. That a General

Meeting of the Manufacturers of Combing Wool, Worsted Yam, and Goods made from Worsted, in the

Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, shall be held at Halifax, in the County of York, on the second

Monday in the Month of June next ensuing after the passing of this Act, at the Hour of Eleven of the Clock

in the Forenoon of the same Day, Notice of which shall be given in the Leeds and Manchester Newspapers,

at lead twenty-one Days before the said Meeting, by the Clerk of the Peace for the Weft Riding of the

County of York; at which said General Meeting the said Manufacturers present, by themselves, or Proxies

appointed by Writing under the Hand of any of such Manufacturers, (bail have Votes; and havingfirft

chosen a Chairman, the Yorkshire Manufacturers shall elect, nominate, and appoint eighteen Persons from

amongst themselves, and the Lancashire and Cheshire Manufacturers shall elect, nominate, and appoint

nine Persons from amongst themselves; which said eighteen and nine Persons so to be elected, shall be a

Committee of the said Manufacturers for the Time being, and until another Committee shall be chosen

and appointed in the Manner herein-after provided, and so as often as there shall be Occasion; which Com-

mittee are hereby authorised and impowered to nominate and recommend two or more proper Persons, ta

be licensed by the Justices of the Peace of the Weft Riding of the County of York, at any of their Quarter

Sessions for the said Riding, or any Adjournment thereof, to be Inspectors for the Purposes herein-after

mentioned, and also to have the Direction of all Prosecutions of Offenders against this and the said before-

mentioned Acts, and the Management of the Fund herein-after to be created, and to do all other Matters

and Things which may be deemed necefl'ary and proper for the carrying this Act into Execution, in such

Manner as the said Committee of the Manufacturers for the Time being, or any seven or more of them, at

a publick Meeting to be assembled, shall judge and think best for the Interest and Advantage of all the said

Manufacturers.

11. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee, or the

greater Part of them, at any General Meeting assembled (and they are hereby authorised and required),

from Time to Time to nominate and appoint, by Writing under their Hands, a proper Person to be their

Clerk; which said Clerk shall attend the Meetings of the said Committee, and shall, in proper Rooks to

be provided for that Purpose, enter and keep true and perfect Accounts of all the Acts, Proceedings, and

Transaftions of the said Committee; and that each and every of the said Manufacturers shall and may at

all convenient Times have rccourse to, and perule and inspect, all such Books gratis, and may demand and

D 2 have

Central Meet-

ing of Manufac-

turers appointed \

These of Yoik.

shire to cleft

eighteen, and

thnfe of Lao-

cjshire and

Chcthirc nine

Persons, to be

Committee.

Committee to

appoint a Clerk S

His Duty.

