55°

A separate Ac-

count thereof to

be kept in the

Auditor'* Office.

How to be ap-

plied.

Recital of an A&

a & 3 Annar.

No Drawback to

be allowed on

Exportation of

Salt for the 1 fie

of Man, until

a proper Certifi-

cate shall be pro-

duced of the

- landing thereof

in the said island.

No Drawback

shall be allowed

for more than

the Quantity ac-

tually landed

there.

The Exporter to

have an Allow-

ance of four

Bushels for every

forty exported of

White Salt, and

of two Bushela

for every forty

of Rock Salt.

BroTish.

Regulations to be

observed in case

Salt so exported

shall be funk at

Sea, or taken by

the Eoemy.

No Drawback to

be allowed for

Salt landed in the

IQe of Man, uo-

C. 34. Anno vicesimo Geerao 11 III. A.D. 1780.

by any Law now in Force directed to be paid (the necessary Charges of raising, collecting and accounting

for the fame, being deducted), for the Uies and Purposes in this»Adl mentioned, distindt and apart from*

all other Monies which such Commissioners respectively shall receive for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs

and Successors; and that there shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt

of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the aforesaid Rates and Duties,

and paid into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other

Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, hie Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and

the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other

Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as shall, be granted byiany Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament for this

Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences as

are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled. An

Act for raising a certain Su?n of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery,

4 III. And whereas by an Act, made in the second and third Years of the Reign of her Jate Majesty

4 Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salty it is (amongst

4 other Things) enacted and declared, T hat any Person exporting Salt to the Ijh of Man, according to

the Directions of the several Acts relating to the said Duties upon Salt, is and shall be indtled to a

4 Drawback of the Duties of the Salt so exported, in such Manner as in case of the Exportation of Salt.

4 to any other foreign Parts: And whereas great Sums of Money are paid out of his Majesty’s Duties

4 upon Salt on Account of Debentures for British Salt shipped tabe exported to the Isle of Alan, and it is

4 found, by frequent Experience, that great Part of such Salt has been fradulently put on Shore and

4 relanded in Great Britain, without being carried to the ljle of Alan, by which evil rradlice his Majesty’s

4 said Duties are very much lessened \ for Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the said tenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, no Debenture

shall be made or granted, or Drawback allowed to be paid, for or upon Account of the Exportation of

any Salt or Rock Salt for the Isle of Man, until the Exporter of the said Salt or Rock Salt shall produce,

to the Officer appointed to make out such Debenture, a Certificate under the Hand of the Chief Officer of

the Customs of the Port or Place in the Isle of Man where such Salt shall be landed, or of the Person

executing such Office, of the particular Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt actually landed, to be computed

after the Rate of fifty-six Pounds Weight to the Bushel, in case the fame shall be White Salt, and after the

Rate of sixty-five Pounds to the Bushel, in case the fame shall be Rock Sait; which Salt, and Rock Salt,

is hereby directed and required to be weighed by the said Chief Officer, or Person executing such Office,

who shall, without Delay, make out and deliver a Certificate thereof as aforesaid, gratis.

IV. And it is hereby enacted, That no Drawback shall be allowed or paid for more Salt or Rock Salt

of the Quantity exported, than what shall appear by such Certificate to have been actually landed in the

Isle of Many any Thing in the said Act, or any other Law or Statute* to the contrary in any wile

notwithstanding.

4 V. And whereas White Salt and Rock Salt, in the Exportation to the Isle of Man, are liable to Waste,*

be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of May, one

thousand seven hundred and eighty, upon producing such Certificate as before required from the Chief

Officer of the Customs of the Port or Place in the Isle of Man where any White Salt or Rock Salt exported

from Great Britain shall be landed, or from the Person executing such Office, of what Quantity of White

Salt and Rock Salt was actually landed there, the Exporter or Proprietor of such White Salt and Rock

Salt shall have an Allowance of four Bushels for every forty Bushels of White Salt, and of two Bushtls

for every forty Bushels of Rock Salt, put on Board in order to be exported to the Isle of Man, in Confeder-

ation of the Ordinary Wade in the Carriage thereof, to be allowed upon the Debenture before mentioned,

over and above the Quantity certified to have heen landed in the Isle of Man, as aforesaid, and no other

or greater Allowance for or in respect of such Waste; any other Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise

notwithstanding.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That no Debenture shall be made out or granted to the Exporter of such

Salt or Rock Salt, for more than the Quantity actually shipped, although the Certificate of the Quantity of

Salt landed in the Isle of Man, together with the Allowance for Waste on the Salt shipped as aforesaid, shall

amount to more.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day

of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, in case any Salt or Rock Salt, shipped for Exportation

to the Isle of Man (the Duties whereof shall have beempaid or secured to be paid according to the Direction

of the Laws now in Force relating to the said Duties on Salt), shall happen to perish by sinking of the

Ship or Vessel on which the fame shall be so shipped and laid on Board, or shall be taken by Enemies,

then, and in such Cafe, the Exporter or Proprietor of such Salt or Rock Salr^ lb perishing or loft, shall,

upon Proof made before the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held

for the County, City, Riding, Division, or Place, from whence the fame shall be so exported, of the Loss

of such Salt so shipped, receive from the said Sessions a Certificate (which the said Justices are hereby

authorised and required to grant), that such Proof was made before them; and upon producing the said

Cerificate to the Officer of the Place where the Duty on such Salt shall have been paid, or secured to be

paid, such Security shall be discharged, and so much Money as was actually paid for the Duty on the

said Salr, shall be repaid upon Demand by the said Officer, without Fee or Reward, provided such Proof

to be made as aforesaid, shall be made by two credible Witnesses upon Oath, within two Years next

after such Loss or Capture as aforesaid; any other Law or Statute to the contrary in anywise not-

withstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be no

Debenture made out, or Drawback allowed, for any Salt or Rock Salt, to be landed in the Ijh of

5 alter

