40 2

Tabic of Fee* to

be hungup in the

Court-house.

Coils in no Cafe

to exceed 15 ft*

Penalty on ta.

Icing greater

Fees.

Clerks and Ser-

jeants may be

difjpfaoa&

No Cotnmiflum*

er, Stc. to act

where interdted.

Penalty on In-

fuitinjgjbnCourt*

Copy of the last

preceding Clause

to be stuck up in

the Court'house.

c. 4-3'

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

For executing every Attachment, Execution, or Warrant, again# the Body or Bodies, or Goods* One

Shilling.

If out of any of the said Towns, or the Parish of Freljlan% where the said Courts are dire£h?d to be

held. Three-pence moFe for every Mile.

For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, or Delinquent, to Prison, Sixpence for every Milt.

A Table of which Fees shall from Time to Time be fixed up by the respective Clerk or Clerks of the said

Court, in some conspicuous Part or Parts of the respective Court-houses or Places where the said Commis-

sioners shall meet, so that all Persons concerned may fee and examine the fame.

XXI. Provided always, That no Colls to be given, awarded, or allowed by the said Commissioneis shall

in any Cafe whatsoever exceed the Sum of fifteen Shillings.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the respective Clerk or Clerks, Ser-

jeant or Serjeants, of the said Court for the Time being, (bail take or demand any greater or other Fees

or Reward than what are herein-before mentioned, for his or their Service in the Execution of this A<Lf,

he and they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine (not exceeding the Sum of forty Shil-

lings, nor less than ten Shillings) as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall assess and

impose, to be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Town or Parish where the Offence shall be committed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the respective Clerk or Clerks,.

Serjeant or Sericants, appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be guilty of any Misbehaviour, either

by Neglect or Breach of Duty* or in taking greater Fees than before mentioned, or otherwise, in the Exe-

cution of their respective Offices, that then upon Complaint, and due Proof thereof made upon Oath, in

open Court, the Commissioners, or the major Part of them then fitting, are hereby directed and required

to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned, by an Advertisement to be inserted in some

public Newspaper usually circulated within the said Soake, Wapentakes, and Parishes, to meet at a con-

venient Time and Place; and the Commissionevs then present, not being less than eleven in Number, shall

apd may examine and consider the Merits of such Complaint; and if k shall appear to fuckCammif-

sioners, or the major Part of them, that any of the respective Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants, have

been guilty of such Misbehaviouc or Be each of Duty as aforesaid, in his or their respe^tive Office or Offices,

it shall ana may be lawful to and for the Commissioners, or the major Part of them then assembled, to dif-

miss or remove such Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants, from his or their said Office or Offices, and to

nominate and appoint any other fit and proper Person or Persons to execute the said Office or Offices of

Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjearits, in the Room and Place of him or them £> dismissed and removed as

aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commissioner of the said

Court for the Time being shall be Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such

Person Audi not be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the hearing and determining such Cause, or

making any Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, but after being heard in the said Cause, shall withdraw

from the said Court until the some is finally determined; and if the respr&ive Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or

Serjeants, of the said Court for the Time being, shall be a Party to, or interested in, any Cause depend-

ing in the fokl Court, such Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants, shall not exercise his or their Office in

the foid Cause, or in any Thing relating thereto; but the said Commissioners, or any three or more of

them, asseoibled at such Court, shall and may depute and appoint some other Person or Persons to exercise

the said Office of Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants, respectively, in his or their Place or Stead, in all

Things relative to such Cause.

XXV. And, for the better enforcing the Orders and Decrees from Time to Time to be made by the

foid Commissioners, and that the Commissioners, and the Clerks and Officers of the said Court, may be

invested with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse; be it enacted

by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall affront, insult, or abuse, all or any of the

Commissioners, Clerks, or Officers of the said Court for the Time being, during their fitting in the said

Court, or in going to, or returning from the same; or shall interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court}

or at any Time mail affront, insult, or abuse, hinder, obstruct, or attempt or threaten to hinder or ob-

strud, any of the Clerks or Serjeants in the lawful Execution of his or their respective Office or Offices, it

shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, then fitting, or

if not then fitting, at the next Court to be held in or near the Town where such Insult or Misdemeanor

shall be committed, to cause a Warrant to be issued by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, or his or

their Deputy or Deputies, directing such Serjeant or Serjeants to apprehend and take, or cause such Person

or Persons so offending as aforesaid to be apprehended and taken, before three or more of the fail Com-

missioners; and, upon the Fa& alleged being proved by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Wit-

nefs or Witnesses, the said Commissioners arc hereby impowered and directed to punish such Person or

Persons so offending as aforesaid, by* Fine, not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, nor less than Five

Shillings, which shall be immediately paid into the Hands of the said Commissioners before whom such

Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and be paid and applied in like Manner as the Fines herein-before

mentioned are directed to be applied; and if the said Offender or Offenders shall not pay the said Fine in

Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the foid Commissioners, by Warrant underrtheir

Hands and Seals, to cause the feme to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender or Offenders Goods,

or to commit such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid to some Common Gaol or House of Correction

in the said County of Lincoln, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding three Calendar Months,

or until he, she, or they shall pay the said Fine.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enaffed by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective

Clerks of the foid Court shall fix, or cause to be fixed up, in fbme¥public Part of eacbof the foid Court-

houses,

