The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Thames, In the County of Oxford, with the Charity

School founded in the fame Town by Dame Elizabeth

Per jam Widow ;^nd for the better Regulation and Ma-

nagement of the frrd Endowments-

42. An Act to enable the Corporation of Trinity House of

Deptford Strond to establish and maintain a Light-house

on the Rocks called The Smalls, in Saint Georges Chan-

nel,

43. An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of

Parliament, for the Recovery of Small Debts, within the

feveralParishes c/’Surfleet, Gofberton, Quadring, Don-

nington. Bicker, Swinelhead, Wigtoft, Suttcrton, Al-

garkirke, Fofdyke, Kirton, Frampton, Wiberton, and

Brothertoft, within the Hundred of Kirton, and County of

Lincoln.

44. An Act for building a Stone Bridge across the River

Tyney eppofite the Town of Hexham, in the County of

Northumberland, and for making proper Roads and Ave-

nues to and from the same.

45. An Act to continue the several Laws therein men-

tioned, relating tq the Allowance upon the Exportation

,of British- made Gunpowder; to the further encouraging

. the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Du-

ties payable on foreign Sad Cloth; to the granting a Li-

berty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Ma-

nufacture of any of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, di-

reftly to foreign Parts, in Ships built \n Great Britain,

and navigated according to Law; to the further Punish-

ment of Persons going armed or difguised, in Defiance

of the Laws of Customs or Excisej^to the prohibiting

the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm from

foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to

jeftrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum; to

the granting a Bounty upon Flax-feed imported into Ire-

land \ to the better regulating of Pilots for the conduct-

ing of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of

Thanet; and to revive and continue so much of an Act,

made in the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain

Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Ma-

jesty’s Sugar Colonies in America.

46. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of

Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Pro-

testant Purchasers.

47. An Act to ampnd such Part of an Act, made in the

forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, in-

tituled, An All for the Relief of the Poor, as relates to

the binding of Parish Apprentices. t

48. An Act for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and

Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council

assembled, to raise, upon the Credit of the Surplusses to

arise out of a certain Fund, commonly called The Or-

phans Fund, the Sum of forty thousand Pounds, towards

discharging the Debt incurred in rebuilding the Gaol of

Newgate, and a Sessions-house adjoining, and for com-

pleting the said Gad, and building an Infirmary there-

to; and other the Purposes therein mentioned.

49. An Act for applying the Sum of one thousand Pounds,

to arise out of the Surplusses of a certain Fund, com-

monly called The Orphans Fund, for the Purpose of open-

ing Communications between Wapping-street, and Rat-

cliff-highway, and between Old Gravel-lane and Virginia-

Jtrect, within the Parishes of Saint George and Saint John

of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex.

50. An Act for applying the Sum of one thousand five

hundred Pounds, to arise out of the Surplusses of a cer-

tain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for the

Purpose of widening certain Avenues leading into Good-

mans Fields, in the County of Middlesex

51. An Act for applying the Srm of four thousand Pounds,

to arise out of {he Surplusses of a certain Fund, com-

monly called The Orphans Fund, towards completing the

paving of the Town and Borough of Southwark, and

certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey.

52. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for

the Relief of Bankrupts, in certain Cafes.

53. An Act for the more easy and better recruiting of his JL~

Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines.

54. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying cer-

tain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; and

for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this

Session of Parliament; and for carrying to the Aggregate

Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the I wo

Sevenths Excise.

55. An Act to permit the Exportation of certain Goods,

directly from Ireland, into any British Plantation in

America, or any British Settlement on the Coast of

Africa; and for further encouraging the Fisheries and

Navigation of Ireland,

56. An Act to permit the Importation of Cotton-yarn, the

Manufacture of Ireland, into this Kingdom Duty-free.

57. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight

58. An Act to explain and amend so muc h of an Act, made

in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

as relates to the preventing the elanueltme Conveyance

of Sqgar and Paneles from the British Colonies and Plan-

tations in America into Great Britain.

59. An Act to amend and render more effectual the Laws

relating to the raising and training the Militia within ]

that Part of Great Britain called England; and to clh-

blish certain Regulations with respect to Officers serving

in the Corps of Fencible Men directed to be raised in

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain

other Corps therein mentioned.

60. An Act for relieving his Majesty’s Subjects professing

the Popish Religion from certain Penalties and Disabi-

lities imposed on them by an Act, made in the eleventh

and twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the

Third, intituled, An All for the further preventing the

Growth of Popery.

61. An Act for repealing certain Provisions in two Acts,

made in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Anne; one

intituled An All for the Relief of the Protestant Purchasers

of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and the other intituled.

An Act for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in

Ireland, and for vejling such as remain unfold by the present

Trustees in her Majesty, her Heirs and SucccJJors, for such

TJfes as the fame were before vejled in the said Tr ujtecs; ajid

for the more effectual felling and Jetting the said Estates to

Protestants; and for explaining several Acts relative to tho

Lord Bophin and Sir Redmond Everard. 1

62. An Act to continue an Act, made in the sixteenth

Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to autho-

rize, for a limited Time, the Pun 'ifhmerit, by hard Labour,

of Off enders who, for certain Crimes, are or shall become

liable to be transported to any of his. Majesty s Colonies and

Plantations. i

63. An Act for enabling Trustees under particular Turn-

pike Acts, to meet and carry such Acts into Execution,

notwithstanding they may not have met or adjourned

agreeable to the Directions of such Acts; and for pre-

venting Disputes touching the Payment of Tolls for

Horses or Carriages belonging to or employed by Officers

or Soldiers on Duty.

64. An

e

