189

A.D. 1778.. Anno decimo octavo Georgii Iff.

and taken to be, and be paid and applied as Part of the common County.Stock, to and for such Uses, and

in such Manner, as the fame Stock can or may be applied.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case all the Charges and Expences of ob- Tmfurerfo

taining and passing this Act shall not be fully paid and satisfied within Six Calendar Months next after the pay pence* ef

paflkig thereof, the Treasurers or Vice-treasurer of the said County shall, and is and are hereby required, thf ifnot

within One Month next after the Expiration of the said Six Months, to pay and discharge all such Charges in

and Expences, or so much thereof as shall be then remaining unsatisfied ; and the said Justices shall and

are hereby authorised and required to allow what they or he shall so pay in the Treasurer’s or Vice-trea-

surer’s Accounts.

XV. And be it enacted, That some Time in the Month of October in every Year, a fair and just Account Accent* to be

(kail be made out of all the Money received and paid by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, and when, mahout

and to whom, and for what Purposes the fame was paid, laid out, or expended ; a Copy or Duplicate of *niiually»

which Account, signed by the said Justices, so assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall be

deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of the said County for the Time being, to be kept among the Records

of the Sessions of the Peace 5 which Clerk shall, from Time to Time, permit any Person or Persons, rated which maybe

or assessed under or by virtue of this Act, to inspect the fame, at all feasonable Times, on Payment of Six- in/psacd, &c.

pence for each Inspection, and shall, upon Demand, forthwith give one or more Copy or Copies of the

said Account, or any Part thereof, to every or any such Person, he or she paying for such Copy 6r Copies

after the Rate of one Shilling for every hundred Words, and so in Proportion for a less Number.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the passing of this The Duke of

Act, his Royal Highness the Duke of Cornwall, and his Successors, and his and their Revenues, Estates, Cornwall «-

and Possessions, shall be, and thenceforth for ever remain, freed, acquitted, exonerated, exempted, and

discharged, of and from the Payment of all and every or any Sum and Sums of Money, for or on Account towarciTthe

of the Repairs as well of the said Jail within the Castle of Launceston aforesaid, as of the said intended Jail building the

for Criminals at Bodmin, and of and from all Claims and Demands on Account thereof; and that nothing new Jail, or

in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge or make liable any Honours, Ma- repairing

nors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Rents, or Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being, or thcrcof* *c*

arising in or within the said County of Cornwall, Part of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, with or

to the Payment of any Money for or towards the Erection or Repairs of the said intended Jail; but that the

fame, and every Part thereof, shall henceforth for ever be and remain wholly exempt and discharged of and

from the Payment thereof, and of and from, all other Money which shall or may at any Time hereafter be

raised, levied, contributed, or collected, for the building or Repairs of the said two Jails respectively, or

otherwise on Account thereof (save and except all such Honours, Manors, Lord&ips, Messuages, Lands, but not hii

Tithes, Rents, or Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being, or arising in or within the said County of £enintsi!y t

Cornwall, Part of the Possessions of the said Ducny, as are or shall from Time to Time be held by any rer- £C#oor

son or Persons, as Tenants, by Copy of Court Roll, or by or under any Lease or Leases for Life or Lives, 9

or any Term or Terms of Years, either absolute, or determinable upon the dropping of any Life or Lives;

which fame Honours, Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Rents, and Hereditaments, during

stich Time and so long as they shall be so held, shall and may be rated and charged, by virtue and under the

Powers of this Act, in the same Manner as any other Estates, Lands, or Hereditaments, in the fame

County, not being Part of such Possessions, can or may berated or charged).

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to diminish or This Act notto

affect the Right and Title of the Duke of Cornwall for the Time being to the said Castle of Launceston, or afteft the Right*

his Power or Authority in appointing the Officers thereof, or the Custody or Power over any Criminals or of the Duke of

other Prisoners therein confined, or which may at any Time be committed to the said Castle; but that all Cor£w!l1i? anfd

such Rights, Powers, and Authorities shall remain in as full and ample a Manner to the said Duke of L,!mcdtoo•

Cor nwall for the Time being, his Officers and Servants, as if this Act had not been made; the repairing

and keeping in Repair the Prison within the said Castle, in Manner hereby provided for, only excepted.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all or any Person or Persons who shall appre- Person* ag-

hend himself or themselves overcharged, or otherwise aggrieved by any Afl’eflment or other Proceeding grieved may

tinder or by virtue of this Act, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at their next ^fjrterS^ooi.

General or Quarter Sessions after Demand of the Money assessed, or after such other Act done, who shall ^ia cr c 0

and may make such Order thereupon as to them, or the major Part of them then and there present, shall

seem meet.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Action or Suit to be commenced against any Person of Limitation *f

Persons for any Thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, shall be brought and commenced within Act;om.

Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in

the County of Cornwall, and not elsewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall

and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be Central issue.

had thereupon: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonfuir, or discontinue such Action or

Suit, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or

Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the fame as any other Defendant TrebleCoft*.

or Defendants can or may have for Costs in any other Cafe by Law.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act; and all Public Act#

Judges, Justices, and other Persons, shall take Notice thereof as such without specially pleading the

fame.

Vol. XIII. Part II.

C c

CAP.

