A. D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. C. 7. 177

XVIII. Provided, That in all such Alterations and widening of Roads the said Trustees shall, in-every » Ml.

Particular, follow the Method prescribed in the General Act of the eleventh of George the Third, for

widening of Roads in Scotland, excepting as in so far varied or altered by this Act 5 and the said Trustees, TmAiietmay

or any such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, may dig, gather, take, and carry away. Gravel, take Material*

Furze, Heath, Stones, or other such like Materials, out of the several Grounds of any Persons where Ground*1*

such Materials may be found, not dug or raised by the Proprietor, or others authorised by him, for his or u

their own private Use, for repairing, amending, and making said Roads, or for building Arches and

Bridges as aforesaid, and to open convenient Accedes for carrying off the said Materials, which Accesses,»

and the Places from which the said Materials art proposed to oe taken, must be marked out by three

Trustees, if so required by the Owner, or his or her Factor, or by the Occupier, paying leasonable Da- «*kinfS*ttf»

mages to the Owners or Occupiers of the Grounds respectively from which such Materials shall be taken,.

or over which the fame may be carried : But if the Owner or Occupier shall not be satisfied with the

Damages offered by the Trustees, Application may be made to the Sheriff to have the fame ascertained by

a Jury, in the same Manner as prescribed in the aforesaid Act of the eleventh of George the Thirds

XIX. And also, as an easy Access to Water-carriage and to the Sea may tend much to the Improve- RoM* may b*

rnent of Agriculture and Commerce, be it further enacted, That it shall be in the Power of the said mmdc loth*

Trustees, at their General Annual Meeting in each District, three Months previous Notice being given

to the Proprietors, to order Roads to be made in the nearest and most convenient Direction from the great

Roads, not only to the different Ports or Places mentioned in the Book of Rates within the said County,

but also to the following Places ; viz. at or near Carty upon the River Cree in Bar> the South-weft Corner

of Maitland, on the North Side of the River Bladonoch, at, contiguous to, or immediately below, the

Port or Flace now used for landing of Shells, Lime, or other Goods, Port Errocb Bay, the Foot of the

Burn of Killantrae (now Port William), Auckin Malebay, Kilfillan Burnfooty Pollantan Burn, Sand Head

of Baleregany i fles of Killezer, Balgounbay, Curgbie-bayt East and Weft TarbertSy Clouyard-bay, Ardwel-

bay, Part of Spittall Portlongy Portmore, Clachan Burnfooty SoUburn, ClayboUy and Innermejfany the Pro- on payiof D*

prietors being previously paid the Value, not only, of the Ground taken up by such new Roads, and by oooogm*

fbe Fences that may be made along the Sides of the fame, with the Expence of said Fences, and also of

the Ground necessary for a Landing-place whereon to lay out Lime, Shells, Coals, or other Goods, with

the Expence of fencing off the fame ; and which Ground for a Landing-place shall not exceed one Acre*

but also the Proprietors or Occupiers being paid all Damages arising from the said new Roads and Ports;.

And for ascertaining and fixing the Value and Damages aforesaid, the fame Mode is hereby required to

be followed that is prescribed by the Act of the eleventh of George the Third, for determining the Valuer

and Damage arising from breadthening Roads to thirty Feet.

XX. Provided always, That in altering, ^widening, or making the Roads aforesaid, or in digging or Ho®fc*,Gaj*i*

taking away the aforesaid Materials^ nothing shall be done that may any way prejudice any Hottfeor Build- *c:

Ing, or any Garden, Orchard, or planted Walk, or any Avenue to any Ffoufe, or any Piece or Parcel of

Niclosed Ground which, before the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven*.

has been set apart and used as a Plantation for Trees.

XXL And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Ditches have or shall in Time Proprietor*

coming be made along the Side of any of the Highways or Roads in the said County, by the Proprietors Mitch* to

•r Occupiers of the Ground, then they shall be hound to keep those Ditches properly scoured, and not

allow Water to stagnate therein; and in case of their failing so to do, after ten Days Notice previously

given, the Overseers of the said Roads, being so ordered by any Trustee, may and are hereby authorised.

to order them to be cleansed, opened, and scoured, at the Cost and Expence of the Occupiers or Pofteflors-

of the Ground through which these Ditches are made; and upon their refusing Payment of the Expence

thereby incurred, it mall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or any two or more of them,

the Sheriff-deputc or his Substitutes, to levy such Expence by Distress and Sale in the same Manner as ia-

directed for levying the Composition Money aforesaid : And where any Passage for Cattle or Carriages* Drrio* to bor

across any Roads, for the Conveniency of the Occupier of the Ground through which it pafles, shall be wni..

made, the Occupier shall always cover the Drains along the Sides of the Roads with sufficient Stones, in*

such a Manner as that the Course of the Water in the Drains may not be interrupted, and the Road

thereby prejudiced; and also, if any Occupier of Land shall conduct any Water across the Road for the

meliorating of his Fields, or other Purposes, he shall be obliged to carry the fame across the Road in a

covered Drain, so deep and so sufficiently constructed as that the Water may never break out and prejudice

find Road.

4 XXII* And, for preventing Annoyances in all or any of the said Roads,* be it enacted. That every: No Annoyance*

Person. in plowing any Field contiguous to any of the Roads, shall always make Head-ridges along the * ,ai<* oath*

Side orthe said Road, which in whole or together shall be twenty-four Feet in Breadth at least *y and that Ro*dl-'

do Person shall lay, or cause to be laid, any Timber, Stones, Lime, Dung, Soil,. Compost, A foes, Rub-

biQi, or other Matter, upon any of the said Roads, or in the Trenches or Drains along the Sides of the

feme, excepting Material for inclosing of Grounds adjoining to the said Roads, which nevertheless shall

be so laid down as not to interrupt a free and easy Passage for two Carriages; nor in making any covered DireOfons for

or arched Passage or Drain for Water across any Road, mail a safe and easy Passage along one Half of the nuking Drain*.

Road be any way obstructed, either by breaking the Road or laying down Materials, but the said covered

Drain or Passage shall be made across one Half of the Road, and completely fintshed before the other

Half shall be opened, and the Whole shall, if practicable, be completed in the Course of one Day, or

the open Part and the Materials for executing it so well fenced off, that Passengers in the Dark, may suffer

Ho Injury j which Precautions and Manner of executing covered Drains as aforesaid, shall be strictly ob-

fenred by all Conkaftoie or others* employed in making or rtpairiAgef (hr said RoadsAnd ail and every

Bcrlons

