198 C. 25, 26. Anno decimo octavo Georgm III. A.D. 1778.

RtftrUlioni S3

Sugar and Rum

are allowed by

the above-re-

cited Act; and

shall be liable to

the fame Duties,

&c. as Tobacco

the Growth of

the Briulh Colo-

nies in America,

Certain Tobacco

lately imported

to be included in

this Act.

preamble; re-

tiring Act 13

Cco. 111.

Wheat, Floor,

tec. imported at

Portsmouthj

Sandwich, C hi-

chester, or Chef-

ter, at any Time

when the Duties

not repealed by

the recited Act

are due, may, on

due Entry there-

of, be landed,

without Pay-

ment of the said

Duties, &c.

allowed, by the find recited Act of the sixth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, to be imported into Great Bri-

tain ; and such Tobacco shall be liable to the fame Duties* and in all other Respects subject to the like

Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and entitled to the fame Draw-

backs and Allowances, as Tobacco, the Growth and Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in

America, are subject and liable to by Law, any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act, to the

contrary notwithstanding.

4 III. And whereas a Parcel of Tobacco hath been lately imported into the Port of London, from the

4 said Island of Dominica, and is now secured under the joint Locks of his Majesty and the Proprietor, ia

4 a Warehouse in that Port; and it is reasonable that the Importer of such Tobacco should receive the

4 Benefit intended by this Act;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall

and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, or any four of them, to order the said

Tobacco to be delivered to the Importer thereof, upon Payment of the like Duties, under the like Rules

and Regulations as Tobacco of the Growth of the British Colonies or Plantations in America is subject and

liable to, provided it shall be made appear to them, by the Oath of the Importer, or otherwise, to their

Satisfaction, that such Tobacco was really and truly the Growth and Produce of the said Island of

Dominica.

CAP. XXV.

An A<5fc for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Ports of Portsmouthj Sand*

wich, Chichester, and CheJIer, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the

like Restrictions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, is allowed to be landed at the i’everal Ports

mentioned in an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn.

4 TirHEREAS by an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (in-

4 VV tituled. An At1 to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn), it is enacted, That in case

4 any Wheat, or Wheat Flour, Rye, Pease, Beans, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or Oats, shall be imported into

4 any or either of the Ports in the said Act particularly mentioned, at any Time when the Duties not re«

4 pealed by the said Act shall be due and payable for such Species of Corn, Grain, or Flour, respectively,

4 the fame, upon due Entry thereof, may be forthwith landed from on B >ard the Ship or Vessel in which

4 such Species of Corn, Grain, or Flour, shall be so imported, in the Presence of the proper Officer or

4 Officers of the Customs, without Payment of the said Duties, under certain Rcftridiions and Regulations

4 in the said Act mentioned and prescribed : And whereas it is expedient that Corn, Grain, and Flour,

4 imported into the Ports of Portsmouth, Sandwich, Chichester, and CheJIer, at any Time when the Duties

4 not repealed by the said Act shall be due and payable for such Specie* of Corn, Grain, or Flour respec-

4 tively, should in like Manner be landed without Payment of the said Duties may it therefore please

your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament ajlembled, and by the Authority of the same. That in case any Wheat or Wheat Flour, Rye,

Pease, Beans, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or Oats, shall be imported into the said Ports of Portsmouth, Sandwich,

Chichester, and CheJIer, at any Time when the Duties not repealed by the said Act shall be due and pay-

able for such Species of Corn, Grain, or Flour respectively, the fame, upon due Entry* thereof, may be

forthwith landed from on Board the Ship or Vessel in which such Species of Corn, Grain, or Flour, shall

be so imported, in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, without Payment of the

said Duties; and such Corn, Grain, and Flour, shall be subject and liable to be warehoused, and to be

delivered in the same Manner, anefunder and subject to the like Securities, Conditions, Regulations, and

Rcftridiions, as Corn, Grain, ana Flour, imported into any or either of* the several Ports mentioned in

the said Act, are subject and liable to, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said

Ports of Portsmouth, Sandwich, Chichester, and CheJIer, had been included in the said Act, any Law, Cuf-

tom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon all inhabited Houses within the

Kingdom of Great Britain.

Mojl Gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. € Wf your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

4 VV assembled, towards railing the necefl’ary Supplies, which we have freely granted to your Majesty

4 in this SeflFn of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several new Rates and

4 Dunes herein-after mentioned ;* an i do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be

After July enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

1778, the fol- the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Pa.liament assembled, and by the Au-

ttcTto beTidby of Lme, That, from and after the firth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

ihe Occupiers of eight, the fever »1 Duties upon Houses with their Appurtenances herein-after mentioned', shall he charged,

Houics in Greit raised, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, hE Heirs and Succeilbrs, by the Occupiers’ihercof re pedlively ;

Britain j via. (that is to say), Upon and for every Dwelling-house inhabited, together with the Househ.dd Offices there-

for all Htufes with gccupied, which now are, or shall hereafter be, erected within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and

woub5,a 2 which

