A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C. 20, 341

the Warrant* to him, in the Manner herein-after mentioned; and from the Hour of Ten to Twelve in the

Forenoon of every Wednesday throughout the rest of the Year.

LII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said General

Collector or Receiver, at the Sight and Direction of the aforesaid Trustees, to retain and deduct from the

Annuities of Widows, and from the Provisions of Children, such Sum or Sums as shall be due by the re-

spective deceased Husbands or Fathers, or their Heirs and Executors, and which have not been or cannot

be recovered, upon the said General Collector or Receiver making over his Claim and Demand upon the

Deceased, his Heirs or Executors, with all the Privileges and Preferences thereunto belonging, in favour

of the Widow or Children respectively.

LI II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said General Collector or Receiver shall

and may appoint one or more Deputies, for whom he shall be answerable, for levying the annual Rates

and other Sums herein-before directed to be paid to him at his Office in Edinburgh, in case the fame shall

not be paid within the Time before limited.

LIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the full Expences that shall be incurred

by the said Genera] Collector or Receiver, or his Deputies, in recovering Payment of the respective

Sums from the Debitors therein, or out of their EflFe&s, through their Default in not making regular

Payment as aforesaid, shall be recovered out of their respective Estates without any Abatement or Mi-

tigation.

LV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords of

Council and Session in Scotland, or any one of them, to issue Letters of Horning, at the Instance of the

said General Collector or Receiver, against all and every the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and the

Heads, Principals, and Masters, in the Universities aforesaid, and the other Persons subject and liable to

one or other of the aforesaid annual Rates, and against all and sundry the Persons liable in Payment of the

Rates out of or in respect of the Ann, and vacant Stipends or Salaries respectively, for compelling Pay-

ment of the aforesaid Sums, Principal and Interest, to the Payment of which they, or any of them, are or

may be liable by virtue of this Act; and that the said Letters of Horning shall be executed, and other

Proceedings shall be had thereon, in the fame Form^nd Manner as is now in Use and authorised by Law

with respect to Hornings, at the Instance of the said Ministers of the Church of Scotland, for compelling

Payment of their Stipends; and that no Suspension of any Charge, to be given in virtue of fuchLetters

of Horning, shall be passed without Consignation of the Sums charged for, as is also in Use and authorised

by Law in the aforesaid Cafe; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Moderators of Prelbyterics, Principals of

Univerfnie$,or their respective Clerks, shall neglect to intimate, from Time to Time, the Sums that shall fall

due out of vacant Benefices or Salaries respectively, within the Time, and to the Persons herein-before

particularly appointed, it shall and may be lawful for the said General Collector or Receiver, to charge

them with Horning for compelling Payment of the Damages and Expences which the Fund may fuftam

through such Default; and that the said Letters of Horning shall be executed, and other Proceedings shall

he had thereon, in the same Manner as is above enacted, respecting Hornings issued against the aforesaid

Ministers of the Church, and Heads, Principals, and other Masters, in the Universities aforesaid.

LVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Ge-

neral Collector or Receiver, in case of his being removed from his Office, before he shall have received the

Rates that are by this Act appointed to be made good by him, or for his Sureties in case of his Death, to

levy the same, in the same Manner and by the fame Diligence as was competent for him to have used whilst

in Office, with all the Privileges and Preferences to which he was entitled.

LVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Resignations of the Office, whether of

Clerk to the Trustees, or of General Collector or Receiver, shall be made to the Trustees at one or other

of their four dated Meetings herein-before appointed to be held; and that all Resignations of the afore-

said Offices, at any other Meetings of the Trustees, shall be, and are hereby declared to be null and

void.

LIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,^ That it shall and may be lawful for the said Truf-

tees, for reasonable causes, to suspend or remove their Clerk, or the General Collector or Receiver, and

thereupon to elect another Clerk, or General Collector or Receiver, who is hereby impowened to act

until the next Meeting of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland 5 which Meeting is hereby au-

thorised finally to determine upon the causes of the Suspension or Deprivation of the former Clerk, or

the former General Collector or Receiver; and shall either restore him to his Office, or continue the

Clerk, or the General Collector or Receiver elected by the Trustees; or remit to the Trustees to elect

another Clerk, or another General Collector or Receiver, with Power to act until the next Meeting of the

General Assembly.

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on every other Vacancy of the Office

of Clerk to the said Trustees, or of the Office of General Collector or Receiver, whether such Vacancy

shall happen by Resignation, Death, Disapprobation of the General Assembly aforesaid, or any other

Way, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to elect a Clerk, or a General Collector or Re-

ceiver, who shall have Power to act until the next Meeting of the General Assembly; which Meeting is

hereby im powered to continue the Clerk, or the General Collector or Receiver, chosen by the Trustees,

or to disapprove of him; and in case the Clerk, or the General Collector or Receiver, chosen by the Truf-

tees, shall be disapproved of by the General Assembly, the said Trustees shall thereupon elect another

Clerk, or General Collector or Receiver, who is hereby impowered to act until the next Meeting of the

General Assembly: It being the true Meaning and Intent of this Act, that in all Cafes of a Vacancy,

either in the Office of Clerk to the Trustees, or of General Collector or Receiver, whether the said Va-

cancy is occasioned by Resignation, Suspension, Deprivation, Death, Disapprobation of the General

Vol. XIII. Part III. Y y Assembly,

Collector to de-

dust from Wi-

dows Annuities,

»nd Childrens

Provisions, Sums

due by their de-

ceased Hufbmds

or Fathers.

Collector may

appoint Depu-

ties.

Expences in re-

covering Sums

due from Debt-

ors to be paid

out of their

Estates.

Lords of Council

and Section to

issue Letters of

Horning against

Ministers, See*

for compelling

Payment;

and for recover-

ing Soma due

ft om vacant Be-

nefices and Sa-

laries.

Collector, or his

Sureties in case

of his Death,

may recover

Sums appointed

to be made gpod

by him.

Resignation of

Offices to be

made to the

Trustees at one

of their stated

Meetings.

Trustees may

suspend or re-

move their Of-

ficers upon rea-

sonable cause.

Vacancies of the

Office of Clerk

or Collector to

be filled up by

the Trustees,

until the Meet-

ing of the Ge-

neral Assembly.

