m

Act 17 Geo. II.

recited.

The said Act

amended by Act

ft* Geo. II.

Ministers sow la

the Church, Ac.

to continue li-

able in Payment

of their Rates.

Miniftert, Ac.

hereafter ad-

mitted to he fuh*

j«ft to Rates*

Proviso.

Rule for notify

tag the Option

of Rasta*

G« 20.

Anno decimo nemo Georgii III.

A.D. 1779.

whereas all tht charitable Dfcfigns that had been propdfed for the Relief of fkich Widows ami Orphans

4 Heads, Principals, and Masters, were to pay, oat of their resp«3ive Stipends, or Salaries, at iheir Qp-

4 tion, fame one of the Anrtaal Rates following: That is to say, Two Pounds twelve Shillings and Six-

4 pence; three Pounds eighteen Shillings and Nine pence 5 fore Pounds and ftvt Shillings j or Six Poimds

4 eleven Shiflingsr and Three-pence, of lawful Money of Great Britain 5 to be applied for Payment of Life-

4 rent Annuities to the refofe&ive Widows ef such Ministers of the said Church, or Head*, Principals, of

4 Masters in the Universities afetefeid, anvouhtfrig to ten Pound*, fifteen Pounds, twenty Pounds, or

4 twenty-fivi Pounds, of fitee Money, in PrdpOrtkm to such of the aforesaid Annual Rates as they shall

4 rdspectively have chosen: And also, to the making Provisiofi rfcfpe&ivdy for the Children of the said

r Ministers, Head*, Principals, and Matters, amounting to the Seifi of one hundred Pounds, One hundred

and fifty Pounds, two hundred Pounds, or twb hundred and fifty Poarnds, of like Money, and in the

4 like Proportion: And h Was further ete»6fced, That the Surplus of the aforesaid Annual Rates, and

4 other Strms payable by Virtue of the aforesaid A&, were, after Payment of the annual Expence of Ma-

4 nagement, and of the Amteitfes payable tb Widows, and of the Provisiona payable 10 Children* to be

41 lent out to the Ministers of the Chtfrch of Scotland\ and to the Heads, Principals, and Masters, in the

4 aforesaid Universities, to the Arhotfttt Of thirty Pounds of lawful Money to each of them; and that all

4 flit ate SuTplufles Wefb, ffom Tithe to Time, to be lent out upon proper Sedurlry, until the Capital

4 therein rtierrticmed Ibotrld be made tip ahd completed: And whereas the aforesaid Act was explained and

4 amended, by another Act, made in the fW«ttt1r~feccnd Year of hie find Majesty’s Reign, m which A St

the Heads, Principal, and Maftets, in the Uhrvfcrfity of Aberdeen were comprehended, upon eforir own

4 Application and Petition 5 and Liberty granted for raising the Capital to fifty thousand Pounds of lawful

4 Money of Great Britain, over and above the Sums lent to Mbfiftefs, Heads, Principals, and Masters as

4 aforesaid; making together i Stock or Fund of eighty thousand Pounds of like Money: And whereas it

hath been fotmd from Experience, that the granting a Loan of thirty Pounds to each of the aforesaid

€ Ministers, Heads, Principals, and Maftfenr, nks, in many Irtstances* proved hurtful to their Families,

€ and to the Fund; and that the Irrttertft of a larger Stottk or Capital, over and above the aforesaid Annual

4 Rates, and other Sumfs payable for Support of the Fund, Will be necessary so* Payment of the annual

c Expence, When the Widows shall hate arrived at their Maximum \ Therefore, and for removing feve-

rhl Inconvenienries and Difficulties which have arifbn In the Execution of the aforesaid Acts, Your Majesty*!

itroft dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Ministers and Elders of the General AftVmbly of the Ch urch of Stotland,

bolden in the Month of May, one thousand feten hundred and seventy-right, and the Trustees ki atad by the

aforesaid Acts appointed for executing the fame, after due Enquiry has been made into the Sentiments of the Ministers of the said Church, and Of the Head*, Principals* and Masters h1 the said Universities, liable in

Payment of one 6r other of the aforesaid Annual Rates, do most humbly befceeh your Majesty, tbit it may

be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content

Of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thin present Parliament affeifibhed, and by the

Authority of the same, That every Minister Who was possessed of a Benefice in the Church of Scotland^ and

every Person who was poflefletf of the Office of Head, Principal, or Matter, in any of the Universities of

Saint Andrews, Glasgow, Edinburgh, and Aberdeen, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September, one

thousand seven hundred and seventy -eight, and who is now fabjeft and liable to one of the Annual Rates

following, videlicet. Two Pounds twelve Shillings and Six-pence, three Pounds eighteen Shilling! and

Nine-pence, five rounds and five Shillings, or Ex Pounds eleven Shillings and Thiee-pettce, of lawful

Money of Great Britain, (halt, in the Manner herein-after drre&ed, continue to pay the fame yearly at each

Term of Candlemas during his Life, notwithstanding he may have ceased, or shall hereafter cease to be

Minister of the said Church, or a Head, Principal, or Matter in any of the Universities afbrtfoid, by Rc-

signation, Deprivation, or any other Manner of Wav.

II. And be it ena£led by the Authority aforesaid, That every Minister, Head, Principal, or Master, wh<*

has been ordained Or admitted firree the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred

and seventy-eight, or who {hall hereafter be ordained or admitted to a Benefice in the Church of Scotland*

or to an Office in any of the Universities aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to one or other of the afore-

said Annual Rates, in the Option of the said Ministers, Heads, Principals, and other Masters respectively*

to be made within the Time and in the Manner herein-after directed.

III. Provided always. That What is herein-above enacted, shall not comprehend any Person who shall

hereafter be ordained or admitted to a Benefice in the said Church of a temporary Nature, or to a preca-

rious Office in any of the Universities aforesaid, where there is no Security for the Continuance of such

Benefice or Office5 and that it shall not be competent for any such Person to claim the Benefit of this

Fund 5 it being intended only for a Provision to the Widows and Children of the Minifterr, Heads, Prin-

cipals, and Masters, holding fixed Benefices in the said Church, and permanent Offices in the Univerfi-

ties aforesaid.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Minister, Head, Prihcipal, or Master,

who has been admitted since the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-eight, or who shall hereafter be admitted to a Benefice in the Church of Scotland, or to an Office

in any of the Universities aforesaid, and who was not before entitled to a Benefice in the said Church, or

to an Office in any of the Universities aforesaid, shall make his Election of one or other of the four

above-mentioned yearly Rates, to which he chuses to be subject during his Life, by a Writing signed byf

him, addressed to the Trustees hereinafter appointed, and which he deliver, dr cause to be delivered.

at

