178

Penalty on Of*

fenders.

Penalty on drag-

ging Timber,

&c. on the

Roads*

Roada to be

jnetfured, and

Mile-stones

cte&cd.

Penalty on de-

facing them* or

breaking down

the Parapet

Walla ot Bridges,

dec*

Diflri& Meet-

ings may ap-

point Commit-

tee* for execut-

ing particular

Parts.

Conversion Mo-

sey to be applied

within the Pa-

ri fli, in the first

place*

a

Penalties and

Forfeitures how

to be recovered

and applied.

Persons aggriev-

ed may appeal to

the Quarter Scf-

C. 7. Anno decimo octavo Gcorgi 1 III. A. D. 1778.

Person so offending shall not only forfeit the Materials so laid down, but also the Sum of ten Shillings

Sterling, to be levied and recovered in Manner herein-after directed, one Half thereof to be paid to the

Informer, the other Half to be applied for malting or repairing the said Roads.

XXIII. And be it also enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall haul or

draw, or cause to be drawn or hauled, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree, Log, or Piece of

Timber, or any Stone, Iron, or other Thing whatsoever, otherwise than upon a Wheel-carriage, or shall

suffer any Tree, or other Matter whatsoever, which shall be conveyed upon a Wheel-carriage, to drag

upon any Part of the said Roads, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten

Shillings Sterling, to be recovered and levied in Manner herein-after directed.

XXIV. And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, at their

General Annual Meetings in the respective Di(lri£b, may cause any of the said Roads to be measured,

and Stones or Posts to be erected on the Side thereof, denoting the Distance at each Mile, or at such other

Distances as they may judge convenient; and also to order or cause to be erected GuiJe-posts upon such

Parts of the Roads where the fame are crofted or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper:

And if any Person or Persons shall break down, destroy, or deface any such Mile-stones or Guide-posts

set up by Order of the Trustees, or shall break down the Cape Stones on the Ledges or Parapet Walls

on the Sides of any of the Bridges on the Roads, or turn any Stream of Water upon any Part of the said

Roads, unless a sufficient covered or arched Drain or Passage shall have been previously made, as herein

directed, or shall be aiding and assisting to any of these Offences, or refeue or attempt to refeue any Person

apprehended for having been guilty of any of them, every Person so offending in any of the Premises,

and being thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before

the Sheriff-depute of the County, or before two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, shall not

only be condemned to pay the Whole of the Damages and Expences sustained, but also a Penalty not

exceeding five Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings Sterling; and fora second Offence shall, besides

paying the Damages and Expences, pay a Penalty not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than two Pounds

Sterling.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Trustees, at their General Meetings of the said several Districts, to fix and ascertain the parti-

cular Roads in every Parish to be repaired, and to proportion and appropriate the Money levied in the

Parish, to each of the said Roads, and to appoint Committees of their own Number, for overseeing, di-

recting, and carrying on the making or Repaiation of such of the Roads and Bridges as shall be committed

to their Charge. * ,

XXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly provided and declared. That the Conversion Money

collected for Statute Labour in each Parish shall be applied, in the first place, in making and repairing

the Roads therein, and afterwards, in the next place, shall be applicable to the Roads leading from that

Parish through the adjoining Parishes, and thereafter only to such other Roads in the DistriCt, as, in either

of these two Cafes, a Majority of the Trustees in such Parish shall approve of: And the said Trustees of

any of the said DistriCts, at their Annual General Meeting aforesaid* may, after the Roads in one Parish,

and from it, are completed, diminifti and let down the Conversion Money aforesaid in such Parish, to

such Rates as they may judge sufficient for keeping the said Roads in constant good Repair, and for

making or repairing others that may appear necessary* Provided always, Any Debt previously contracted

by such Parish, shall be fully extinguished*

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Forfeitures and Penalties

inflicted or authorized to be imposed in relation to any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, the Man-

ner of levvingand recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed, shall, upon Proof of the Of-

fence, before two or more of the Justices of the Peace, or the Sheriff-depute of the same County, either

by the Confession of the Party, or other legal Evidence, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and

Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand or Hands of such Justices (which

Warrant is hereby authorized and required to be granted, and Oaths to be administered, gratis) \ such

Sale being always made by public Auction to the highest Offerer at such Places as shall be directed in the

fame Warrant, within three Days after such Distress shall have been made, and the Overplus Money

arising from such Sale (after such Penalties are recovered, and the Charges thereof dedudedj shall be

returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels ; and all Penalties and For-

feitures shall be immediately paid to the said Trustees or their Collectors for the Time being, ^nd shall be

laid out and applied in repairing of such of the Roads upon, or in respect whereof, such Penalties or For-

feitures shall be incurred : And in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Forfeitures and Penal-

ties shall not forthwith be paid, it shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace, or the Sheriff-depute

of the said County, together with one other Justice, and they are hereby authorised and required, by

Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the

House of Correction or Common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed,

there to remain for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeit-

ures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons shall

consider himself aggrieved by any Order, Procedure, Sentence or Judgment, with respecSt to any of the

Matters or Things by this A& referred to. the Determination of the said Trustees, Justices of the Peace,

or the Sheriff-depute and his Substitutes, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons to

appeal or apply for Redress to the Justices of the Peace for the said County in their then nexfc Quarter

Sessions (giving fourteen Daysprevious Notice to the Parties interested or complained of); but in case

there should not be fourteen Days 10 the next Quarter SeiAons, then such Person or Persons shall be at

4 Liberty

