A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III.

C: 19.

I. Form of awarding Costs.

Ccunff or Bo-

rough, fee,

to tuit,

0‘T one (or, we and being two) of

r4 -I his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in and for the aforesaid, in pursuance

. c of an Atf, made in the eighteenth Year of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled. An

4 Act for the Payment of Cojls to Parties, on Complaints determined before JuJiices of the Peace out of Sessions ;

4 for the Payment of the Charges of Constables in certain Cafes; and for the more effectual Payment of Charges to

4 jyitnesses and Prosecutors of any Larceny, or other Felony; on the Complaint of

[here state the Names of the Parties, and the Offence generally, and the Date] against

4 for which said Complaint was heard and determined by

4 on the Day of do award the following Colls to be paid by

4 ^ videlicet; (here state the Co/ls ]

4 Given under Hand and Seal (or Hands and Seals) this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

II.

tomt.]Tof;Co^abIe^

Form of Warrant of Distress and Sale.

and to all other his Majesty s Constables in and

aforesaid.

in

:w

HEREAS

of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in and for the

aforesaid, in pursuance of an A&, made in the eighteenth Year of his Ma-

4 jelly King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the Payment of Cojls to Parties, on Complaints determined

4 before JuJiices of the Peace out of Sessions; for the Payment of the Charges of Constables in certain Cafes$ and

4 for the more effectual Payment of Charges to Witnesses and Prosecutors of any Larceny, or other Felony; have

4 awarded, on the of now last pail, on the Complaint of

4 against # for the following Colls to be

4 paid by videlicet; [here fate the Sum]: And whereas the said

4 being ordered by the said Justice (or Justices) to pay such Sum (or Sums) as afore—

4 said, hath not paid down or given Security for the fame, to the Satisfaction of

the salt! Justice (or Justices) $ These are therefore to command you, and each and every of you, to levy*

the said Sum of by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the saidh

and do hereby order and direeft the Goods and Chattels so to be distrained

4 to be sold and disposed of within Days, unless the said Sum of

4 for which such Distress shall be made, together with the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping such*

4 Distress, shall be sooner paid 5 and you are hereby also commanded to certify unto

f what you shall have done by virtue ofahis Warrant

4 Given under

4 Day of

Warrant.

Hand and Seal (or Hands and Seals) at

in the Year of our Lord

the

III. Constables Return thereon, for Want of Dislrefs;

, 7 4 T Constable of do hereby certify to

* j 4 Justice (or Justices) of the Peace of that Ii

4 have made diligent Search for, but do not know, nor can find any Goods and Chattels of

by Distress and Sale whereof I may levy the Sum: pursuant to*

Warrant for that Purpose, dated the Day of^

4 Given under my Hand, this Day oft in.

IV. Commitment thereupon to the House of Correction*

to wit. lht of

at

and alfp to the Keeper of the House of Correction

W1

HEREAS, in pursuance of an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of his Majesty King George the -

Third, intituled, An Act for the Payment of Cojis to Parties, on Complaints determined before JuJiices

of the Peace out of Sessions; for the Payment of the Charges of Constables in certain Cafes} and for the more

effectual Payment of Charges to Witnesses and Prosecutors of any Larceny, or other Felony 5

a r kin T.iliin.B rtf t k o Pnonu n n r* A fill* . ka la a rt n 1/1

of

did issue;

of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, in and for the said*

Warrant of Distress and Sale, directed to

Constable of the said of ordering the said Constable to levy

the said Sum of of the Goods and Chattels of the said

in Manner and Form as therein is mentioned: And whereas it appears to by the Return of

Constable of dated the Day of

that he hath made diligent Search, but doth not know of, nor can find any Goods and Chattels of the

said by Distress and Sale whereof the said Sum of

may be levied, pursuant to the said Warrant: These are therefore to command you, the said Constable:

of to apprehend the said and convey the said

to the said House of Correction at and to deliver the said

there to the said Keeper of the said House of Conewlion; And these axe also to command you, the said

4 Keeper/

