G. 16.

Anno decimo o &woGsordii 1IL

184

A. D* 177®.

Pretmble,

A©»

IJ Geo. III.

14 Geo. III.

and 1$ Geo* III.

mind.

Certain Qatnti-

tiet of Wheis-

flour, lie. al-

lowed to be ex-

ported to New-

foundland, Ire.

for the Benefit

of the Fishery,

from the Ports

^erein-after

ptAtioned.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for illotting the Exfjorfation of certain Quantities <5f Wheat-flour, Biscuit, and

Pease, to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Boy Chaltur, and Labrador.

'll 7 HERE A 9 by an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’a Reign (intituled,

4 VY An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn)* whenever the Prices of certain Species

4 of British Corn or Grain exceed the Prices therein limited, the Exportation thereof from this Kingdom

4 i* prohibited, under certain Penalties in the said Act mentioned, except in particular Cafes allowed by

that and several fhbfequent Acts of Parliament; And whereas certain Quantities Of Biscuit and Pease,

4 allowed tt> be exported to the Bland of Newfoundland* for the Benefit of the Brili/h Fishery there, by

4 two Acts* the one made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act

4 to allow the Importation of a limited Quantity of Biscuit and Pease to the Bland of Newfoundland, for the

4 Benefit tf the Britishi Fishery there) 3 and the other made in the fixte£nth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty (intituled, An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to

4 his Majesty's Sugar Cohnits tn America, and to the IJIand ^ Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements be-

4 longing to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease

4 f* Newfoundland, Notra Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and forindemnifying all Persons with re~

4 fptfi to adtotfing or carrying into Execution his Majestfs Orders of Council already made for allowing the Ex~

4 pdrtation of Whefat and other Articles)4 hive been found infafficient for the Use of the British Subjects

4 Carrying dtt the Fishery at the said Island of Newfoundland\ Nova Scotia* Bay Chaleur, and Labrador \

may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted 3 and be it enacted by the King’s mod Excel*

lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons*

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the patting

of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to ship and export Wheat-flour. Bread,- Biscuit, and Pease, out of

and from the several Ports in this Kingdom herein-after mentioned, to the several Places herein-after

named, for the Benefit of the British Fiflicry carried on in those Parts, so as the feme do not exceed the

several Quantities respectivefly limited to those Places in any one Year, any thing in the said recited Acts*

Or either of them, to the eontrary notwithstanding 3 (that is to say).

I

3<

3

6

8

To the tfland of Nhvfokndland, four hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, two hundred and fifty

Tons of Biscuit, and two hundred Quarters of Pease.

To Nova Scotia* three hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, two hundred Tons'of Biscuit, and three

hundred Quarters of Pease.

To EayChaleur* five hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, two hundred Tons of Biscuit, and twe*

hundred Quarters of Pease.

To Labrador, two hundred Quartets of Wheat-flour, two hundred Tons of Biscuit, and two hun-

dred Quarters of Pease.

f To Newfoundland, three hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, three hundred Tons of Biscuit, and

J } two hundred Quarter* of Pease.

*5 To Nova Scotia* two hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, two hundred Tons of Biscuit, and twer

't J hundred Quarters of Pease.

£ j To Bay Chaleur* two hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, one hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and

J two hundred Quarters of Pease.

g 1 To Labrador* two hundred Quarter* of Wheat-flour, one hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit, and

£ I two hundred Quarters of Pease.

To Newfoundland* two thousand five hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, one thousand one hundred

Tons of Biscuit, and one thousand Quarters of Pease.

To Nova Scotia* two hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, one hundred Tons of Biscuit, and one hull—

dred Quarters of Pease.

To Bay Chaleur* three hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, one hundred Tons of Biscuit, and one

hundred Quarters of Pease.

To Labrador* two hundred Qnarters of Wheat-flour, one hundred Tons of Biscuit, and one hun-

dred Quarters of Pease.

To Newfoundland* one thousand five hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, five hundred Tons of

Biscuit, and five hundred Quarters of Pease.

To Nova Scotia, three hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, one hundred and fifty Tons of Biscuit*

j and one hundred and fifty Quarters of Pease.

j To Bay Chaleur* three hundred Quarters of Wheat-flour, two hundred Tons of Biscuit, and one

I hundred and fifty Quarters of Pease.

To Labrador, three hundred and fifty Quarters of Wficat-fiour, one hundred and fifty Tons of

LBifcuit, and one hundred and fifty Quarters of Pease.

From

