The TITLES of the STATUTES.

the County of 5Iiddltfex% and for other Purposes therein

fnentioned*

An Act for amending and rehdering more effectual an

Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of

King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining

and preservinjg certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the

several Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris,

Doddington, and a Place called Byal-fen, in the Isle of

Ely, and County of Cambridge; and also in the Parishes of

Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of

Huntingdon; so far as the fame relates to the Fen Lands

and Low Grounds lying in the PariQies of Sutton, Mepal>

Witcham, Chatteris, and a Place called Byal-fen, in the

Isle of Ely,.

66. An Act for establishing a Nightly Watch within the

Hamlet of Mile end Old Town, in the Parish of Saint

Dunstan Stepney, otherwise Stebonheath, in the County

of Middlesex.

An Act for varying and enlarging the Powers of an

Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his pre-

fen t Majesty, for making a navigable Cut or Canal from

the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester,

to or near Middlewich and Nantwich, in the County of

Chester.. . J

68. An Act for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Se-

vern , at Maijemore, hear the City of Gloucester; for

raifingk winning, and securing Over's causeway, lead-

ing from the said City towards Maifemore aforesaid; and

for enforcing the proper pavine and cleansing of the

several Streets within the said City, and for removing

Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing

the like for the future.

69. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut

or Canal from the River Trent9 in the Lordships of

Sawlgy and Long Eaton, in the County of Derby, to or

near Langley-bndgey in the Counties of Derby and Not-

tingham.

jo. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Meadows, Dales, and Common Fen, within

the Parish of Billinghay^ in the County of Lincoln; and

for draining and preferring the said Dales and Common

Fen, and also_ certain inclosed Low Lands thereto ad-

joining in the said Parish.

71. An Act to enable the Feoffees and Trustees of an

Estate in the County of Middlesex* given by Lawrence

Sheriffs for the founding and maintaining a School and

Alms-houses at Rugh* in th? County of Warwick, to

fell Part of the said Estate, or to grant Leases thereof, or

of any Part thereof, and to effectuate the other Purposes

therein mentioned.

72. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the second. Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

for repairing, widening, turning, and shortening, the

Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Farrards

Common, in the Parish of Bradford, through Holt and

Melkjhamy to Homan's Stile, in the Parish of Lay cock y in

the County of Wilts \ and for completing a Communi-

cation between the said Ro^d, and the Bath Turnpike

Road, upon Kingsdown-hill in the same County.

73. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in

the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, for repairing certain Roads

therein mentioned, as relates to the Roads from Kighley

to Wakefield, and from Kighley to Halifax, and from

Dudley-hill through Beckwith flaw to Killing ha If and

from Beckwith flaw to the South-weft Corner of Harro-

gate Inclosures, in the Weft Riding of the County of

York

74. An Act for repairing ancT widening the Road fron*

Place called Crouch-hill, in the Parish of Henfleld, to the

Turnpike Road leading from Brighthelm/lone to Cuckfield,

and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the

Town of Ditchling, in the County of Sussex.

79. An Act to repeal an Act of the thirty-third Year of hi*

late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair several Roads leading from the Market house in the

Town i/'Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester; and

alb to repeal so much of two Acts of the tenth of hi*

late Majesty, and the seventh of his present Majesty* a*

relate to the Road from the Mitre-oak to a Farm-house

called Goodness; and from Titton-brook to the Hamlet of

Wribbenhall, in the said County; and to discontinue the

Powers of an Act of the eighth of his present Majesty,

so far as relate to the Road from the Crofl of the Hands

near Goodness Farm, to a Place called The Spout; and for

more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in

Repair, the several Roads deferibea in the first-men-

tioned Act; and also several other Roads therein men*

tioned.

76. An Act for continuing the Term of two Acts passed

in the fourth and twenty-fourth Years of his late Ma-

jesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads

leading from the mofl Southern Part 0/ Butt-lane, in the

Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, ta

Lawton, and from thence to Henshall’s Smithy, upon

Cranage-green, in the said County.

77. An Act to enlarge^ the Term and Powers of an Act*

made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds,

through Harwood, to the South-west Corner of the Inch-

sures of Harrogate, and from thenge in two Branches (one

through Ripley, over Burage-green, and the other through

Knaresborough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from

thence to the First Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton-

moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the

Shughs or Ruts on the said Moor; so far as the fame re-

lates to the Road leading from the South-weft Corner of

the Inclofmes of Harrogate (through Knaresborough) to

Boroughbridge

78. An Act for enlarging the Term and continuing the

Powers of two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the

twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the

Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the

South-west Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from

thence in two Branches (one through Ripley, over Burage-

green, and the other through Knaresborough and Bo-

rouehbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill

of Water or Watercourse on Hutton-moor, in the County of

York, and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said

Moor; and the other passed in the twenty-ninth Year

of his said Majesty’s Reign, to explain and amend the

said first-mentioned Act; with respect to the Road from

the Town of Leeds, through Harwood., to the South-

weft Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate.

79. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the

Powers of an Act made in the second Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several

Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading t»

the Borough tf/'Saltash, in the County e/'Comwall.

Bo. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of tv/o

Acts of Parliament, one passed in the twenty-fifth Year

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town

of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South-west Corner of

the Inclosures of Harrogate, and f ern thence irf two

Branches (one through Ripley, over Burage-grccn, and

the other through knarefborough and Boioughbiidge) to

Ripon,

