The TITLES «of the STATUTES,

7*. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Hooke Camp-

bodEsquire, with Elizabeth Euftaoia his now Wife, and

to enable him to marry again, and for ether Purposes

therein mentioned.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Failures, Common Meadows,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and

within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Byfield and

Wefirup, in the Parish of Byfield, in the County of

Northampton.

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and

within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Fenny Comp-

ton, in the County of Warwick*

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common,

or Trad of Commonable Land, called or known by the

Name of Weflhay Moor, within the Parish of Mcefr, in

the County of Somerset-

y6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, and Common Mea-

dows, within the Parish of Hanjlop, in the County of

JBuckingham.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the

Parishes of Saint Gyles, Saint Sepulchre, Saint Lawrence,

and Saint Andrew, in or near the Town of Northampton,

in the County of Northampton, feme or one of them,

and which are commonly called or known by the Name

of Northampton Fields.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

4tnd other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and

within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Fioore,

other wise Flower, in the County of Northampton*

79. An Act for veiling Part of the settled Estates of Sir

Robert Sutton deceased, in the County of Lincoln, in Sir

Richard Sutton Baronet, in Fee Simple; and for veil-

ing certain Lands of the said Sir Richard Sutton, in East-

thorpe9 in the County of Nottingham, in the Archbishop

of York and his Successors, in Fee Simple, in Exchange

for the Mansion-house, Park, and Lands, of the said

Sir Richard Sutton, called Norwood Park and Hall Mea-

dow, in the said County of Nottingham, now held by the

said Sir Richard Sufton upon Lease for Lives; and for

veiling the fame, together with other Lands of the said

Sir Richard Sutton^in the County of Nottingham, in Lieu

of the said settled Estates.

$0. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement

entered into by Sir "James Wright Baronet, for Sale of

the Manor of Hujborne Tarrant, and several Woodlands

and Hereditaments in the County of Southampton, to

Joseph Portal Efauire; and for laying out the Money

anling by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and

Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

Hi. An Act to enable the Reverend Richard Harrington,

and the Receiver for the Time being of the Estates of

Arthur Champernowne Esquire, an Infant, to grant

Leases and Setts of the fame Estates during his Mi-

nority.

82. An Act for veiling the settled Estate of Anthony Deane

the younger, Esquire, in the County of Worccfier, in

Trustees, ta be iold; and for laying out the Money

arising by such Sale, together with other Monies therein

mentioned,- in the Purchase of other Lands and Here-

ditaments, to be settled, in Lieu thereof, to the several

Uses therein expressed.

83. An Act for veiling the settled Estates of Henry Martin

Gentleman, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Elton, in the

County of Huntingdon, in Trustees, to he exchanged,

or to be sold, and the Money laid out in the Purchase

of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be fouled to the

fame Uses.

84. An Act to authorise Sir Lawrence Dundas Baronet,

and the several other Persons therein named, to insert ia

a Deed of Disposition and Conveyance of Lands and

Hereditaments in Scotland, agreed to be settled by Ar-

ticles made previous to the Marriage of Thomas Dundas

Esquire, with Lady Charlotte his Wife, the like Power

of Exchange, as is contained in the Settlement made

previous to the said Marriage, of certain Estates of the

said Sir LawrenU Dundas, in England\

85. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of

Session in Scotland to fell such Parts and Portions of the

entailed Estates of Shaufield, and others, in the Counties

of Lanark and Argyle, belonging to Walter Campbell, of

Shawfield, Esquire, as (halt be sufficient for Payment of

the Debts affecting the fame.

85. An Act for veiling the settled Estates of Thomas Bennett

the younger, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Trustees, to be

conveyed in Exchange for other Estates of greater Value,

to be settled to the same Uses.

87. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and

Common Fields in the Manor and rarish of GratUy, in

the County of Southampton.

88. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons

and Walle Lands, within the Townships of Otley, and

Newall with Clifton, in the West Riding of the County

of York*

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common Moor,

or Trad of Waste Ground, called Fourjiones Common,

within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Pa-

rish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

90. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and preserving, a cer-

tain Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, or Marsh,

called Saltney Marsh, within the Manor and Parish of

Hawenrden, in the County of Flint, and for other the

Purposes therein mentioned.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Grounds within the Township of Ollerton, in the

Parish of Edwirfiow, in the County of Nottingham.

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Com-

mons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bolfler-

font, in the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the County of York.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, Hills, Downs, Pastures, and Com-

monable Lands, within the Parish of Naunton, in the

Cotin ty of Gloucester.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields and Commons, within the Manor of Bol/overf

in the Parishes of Bolfover and Clown, in the County oF

Derby.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Meadow, Carr, Common, and Waste Ground, within

the Township of Dinnington, in the Parishes of Saint

Leonard and Saint John, in the County of York.

96. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields, and Commonable Lands and Grounds,

within the Manor and Parish of Bolnhurfi, in the Coun-

ty of Bedford; and for exonerating certain ancient In-

closures, within the said Manor and Parish, from the

Payment of Tithes.

97. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, Cow Paf-

ture, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of

Rvjkington, in the County of Lincoln.

98. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Waste Grounds, within the Township of Northowram*

in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York*

99. An

