243

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. C. 46—*48.

of his late^Majesty King George the Second, and the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and levertry eight, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame are hereby further

continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further erfafted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the fif-

teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain

Quantities o f Wheats and other Articles, to his Majesty s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island of Saint

Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the

East Indies, and of Biscuit and Peafc to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and

for indemnifying all Perjons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution his Majesty s Orders of Council

already made for allowing the Exportation of Wheat, and other Articles), as relates to allowing the Exporta-

tion of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, which

was to continue in Force until the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven;

which, by another Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was revived

and continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, shall,

from and after the passing of this Act, be revived, and the fame is hereby revived, and shall continue in

full Force and Virtue, until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

CAP. XLVL

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of

Protestant Purchasers. [Further Time given till Jan. 1, 1779.]

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to amend such Part of an Act, made in the forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen

Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, as relates to the binding of Parish

Apprentices.

IIJ HEREAS in and by an Act, made in the forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth

(intituled, An An for the Relief of the Poor), it was enacted, That it should be lawful for the

4 Churchwardens and Overseers therein mentioned, or the greater Part of them, by the Aflfent of any two

4 Justices of the Peace, to bind the Children of all such Parents who {hall not, by the said Churchwar-

4 dens and Overseers, or the greater Part of them, be thought able to keep and maintain their Children,

4 to be Apprentices, where they shall fee convenient, till such Man-child shall come to the Age of four

and twenty Years, and such Woman-child to the Age of one and twenty Years, or Day of Marriage:

4 And whereas it has been found by Experience, that the said Term respecting Men-children is longer

4 than is necessary, and that if such Man-child was bound to be an Apprentice only till he came to the

4 Age of one and twenty Years, all the Benefits intended by the said Act would be preferred, the Hard-

4 fhip3 brought on such Parish Apprentices, by the Length of their Apprenticeship, would be avoided,

and the good Harmony between IVIafter and Apprentice would be better maintained may it therefore

please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act,

when any Man-child shall be bound to be an Apprentice by virtue of and under the Authority of the said

Ad, made in the forty-third Year of Queen Elizabeth, such Child shall be bound to be an Apprentice

for no longer Term than till such Child shall come to the Age of twenty-one Years.

fqrther contl-

r u?d < il M;rch

25, 17y*.

So much of an

A6\ of 16 Gtc.

HI. as relates to

the Exportation

of Wheat, &c.

to the Sugar Co-

ionics,

revived $ and to

continue in

Force till May I*

1779*

Preamble.

A& 43 Eli*

recited.

No Child ap-

prenticed by vir*

tue of the re-

cited AO, to

continue an Act-

prentice afterthe'

Age of twenty-

oae-

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons* of the City of London, in

Common Council assembled, to raise, upon the Credit of the Surplusses to arise out of a

certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, the Sum of forty thousand Pounds,

towards discharging the Debt incurred in rebuilding the? Gaol of Newgate, and a Sejfwns-

’ house adjoining, and for completing the said Gaol, and building an Infirmary thereto;

and other the Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an Act, made* and passed in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King Preamble.

William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the Rccita, of AjS§

4 City of London, it was among other Things enacted, That for and towards railing a perpetual Fund to 5 and 6°Cul% m

4 pay the yearly Interest of four Pounds for everyone hundred Pounds principal Money, and the Interest Mar.*

thereof, then due to any Orphan of the said City, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of any

4 such Orphan, or any other the Creditor or Creditors of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens,

4 or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of such Creditors, all and every the City’s Estates and

4 Revenues (except as therein excepted) should be charged for ever with the clear annual Sum of eight

4 thousand Pounds; and the said Act did also appropriate to the Fund and Purposes aforesaid the Rents*

c and Profits of the said City’s aqueducts (except as therein excepted), and the Sum of two thousand*

4 Pound* was thereby dir eft ed to be annually raised upon the perfoaai Eftatca of the {Several Inhabitant*

4 within

