Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

41$

on Feoalij of

5».

Innkeepers, &c.

who furoi/h Car-

riages to travel

Port, shall affix

thelrNames, ahd

their Places of

Abode, on fotne

conspicuous Pari

thereof;

on Penalty of 5I.

Comimflioneri

of the Stamp-

duties are to de-

liver, to every

Person taking

out a Licence,

printed or writ-

ten Papers:

ThoFprm there-

of.

And also certain

Ticket*

Penalty on Of-

cers making De-

fault*

Postmaster*, ftc.

onreceivingtheir

first Licence, to

give Security for

the Redelively

of Tickets unac-

counted fory &C«

C. 51.

A.D. 1779.

for Hire as herein-before mentioned, without fixing or hanging out such Token as aforesaid, every Post-

master, Innkeeper, or other Person, To offending, (nail, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum

of five Pounds, to be recovered and distributed as herein-after is <Hre&ed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other

Person, so licensed as aforesaid, shall, if he, she, or they, furnish his, her, or their own Chaises, or other

Carriages, at the fame Time with such Horses let to Hire totravel Po& as aforesaid, mark or paint, or cause

to be marked or painted, upon fomc conspicuous Part of the Chaise, or other Carriage so furnished, his,

her, or their Christian and Surname, and the Name of the City, Town, or Place, of his, her, or their

Abode, in plain and legible Characters, and continue the fame thereupon, so long as such Chaise or Car-

riage shall be so used; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect the fame, or mark or paint, or cause to

be maiked or painted, any faJfe or fictitious Name, or Place of Abode, on such Chaise or other Carriage*

he or she shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners appointed for

managing the Duties arising by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, shall, at the Time of issuing

such {Licence as aforesaid, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person,

so to be licensed, printed or written Papers, intituled, Stamp-office WeeklyAccount; in which shall be in~

ferted foe Day of the Week, and Blanks left for the Number of Horses and Miles, and for the Day of the

Month, and the Name* of the Postillions or Drivers employed, to be filled up as herein-after directed*

according to the following Forms Q* such other Form as the said CommUfionets shall judge convenient for

keeping such Accounts:

Stamp-office Weekly Account,

if* of C»

Month and Day. Week and Day. Names of Postillions or drivers.

A. B. 1 C. D. E.F. G. H, /. K, L. M. Duty.

N® of 1 N° of N® of N“ of N® of N“ of

Horses. Miles. X 0 —» fP M Miles. X 0 f s s Horses. s n 01 Horses. Miles. Horses. Miles.

Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday -

And shall also deliver, or cause to be delivered, a Number of Tickets, on which shall be printed or written,

if for an Innkeeper, the Name of the Sign or House, if not an Innkeeper, then, in Lieu thereof, his, her,

or their Name or Names; and also on such Tickets shall be inserted the Name of the City, Town, or

Place, where such licensed Person or Persons reside; and also the Words Horsesy », 2, 3, a, 5, or 6, in

Figures, as the Tickets may be intended to denote the Numbers; and likewise the Word miles y except

where the Horses are let to Hire for a Day, or any less Period of Time, and then, instead of the Word

Miles, the Words For a Day shall be inserted, together with the Words Stamp-office^ or some other Mark

or Stamp sufficient to afcercain that such Ticket was issued from the Stamp-office, and shall take especial

Care that all Persons so licensed shall be sufficiently furniftied with such Account and Tickets; and in case

any Officer employed in the Execution of this Act, in relation to the said Rates and Duties, shall refuse

or neglect to do or perform any Matter or Thine by this Act required or directed to be done or performed

by him, whereby any of his Majesty’s Subjects mall or may sustain any Damage whatsoever, such Officer

so offending shall be liable, in any Action to be founded on this Statute, to answer to the Party grieved

all such Damages, with Treble Costs of Suit.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and everyPostmaster,

Innkeeper, or other Person so licensed to let Horses for therurposes aforesaid, shall, at the Time of re-

ceiving his, her, or their first Licence, give Security, by Bond, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

in the bum of fifty Pounds, with a Condition that he, die, or they will, whenever thereunto required,

redeliver, or cause to be redelivered, the Stamp-office Tickets which he, she, or they may have received,

and that may remain unaccounted fox by him, her, or them; and that he, she, or they, will also deliver

to

e

