A* D; 1778* Ango decimo o£tevo Ge.o&gii IIJ. C, 37—^39. 229

' 1 » ’

such Defendant upon Demurrer, such Commissionc. ru.ii hf entitled to the like Cods as he would have

been entitled to in case he had pieaded the General Issue only; —4 if iroon *fQ joined the Jury (lull

' find that no Amends were tendered, or that the fame were not sufficient, anu »w\. nQajnft t^e defendant in

' such other Plea or Pleas, then they shall give a Verdict for thp Plaintiff, and such Dama&v* f^ey |jujj

think proper, together with his or her Costs of Suit.

XXX. Provided always, and bfe it further enaSed, That no Plaintiff iri any Cafe where an ASion shall No

be grounded on any AS done by the Defendant, or some of the said Commissioners, shall be permitted to ^a11 jjc

produce any Evidence of the Cause of such ASion, except such as shall be contained in the Notice to be

given as aforesaid, or shall recover any VerdiS against such Commissioner, unless he shall prove, on the except such a/

Trial of such ASion, that such Notice was given; and that in Default of such Proof such Commissioner ftai* be cun.

£ha)l recover a VerdiS and Costs as aforesaid. t;Jined io lhc

XXXI. And be it further enaSed, That in case such Commissioner shall negleS to tender any Amends, commiVsonen

‘ or shall have tendered insufficient Amends, before the ASion brought, it shall and may be lawful for him, Money

by Leave of the Court where such ASion shall be brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into into Court uforc

Court such Sum of Money as he shall fee fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgments shall Ifluejjined,

be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other ASions where the Defendant is allowed to

pay Money into Court.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any ASion or Suit shall be Limitation of

brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pur- Ad,on*«

. fuance of* this AS, such ASion or Suit shall be brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next

after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the ljle of Ely, and notelfe-

where; and the Defendant or Defendants shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this AS and Central Issue,

the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall

become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their ASion or Suit, or if upon* a VerdiS or Demurrer

Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff*or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may re-

cover Treble Costs, and have such Remedies for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants can or may have Treble Cofti.

in other Cafes where Costs are given by Law.

XXXIII. And be it further enaSed by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall Persons »g-

think themselves aggrieved by any Order, Judgment, Decree, or Execution, issued by the said Commis- f^ch^he^

sioners, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons, his or their Attorney or Rc^rteri|

Agent, to search the Registers of such Order, Judgment, Decree, or Execution, upon Demand made to

the Clerk of such respeSive Division where the Cause is entered, by such Person or Persons, his, her, or

their Attorney or Agent; and at his, her, and their own Expence to take Copies of such Orders, Judg-

ments, or Decree, as shall relate to such Person or Persons only, with the Date of the said Order, Judg-

ment, or Decree, and the Christian and Surname of the Commissioners who made the fame: And if such Penalty on

Clerk shall refuse to let such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Attorney*or Agent, search and take such ?e[VefUhn8

Copies as aforesaiJ, such Clerk shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered, by the Party carc

grieved by such Refusal, in the said Court of Picas in the said Ijte of Ely, or in any of his Majesty's Courts

of Record, with Costs of Suit; and if such Officer or Clerk shall refuse to produce the said original Books

in Court, upon the Trial of any Cause to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done

under this AS, upon reasonable Notice given to him by the Plaintiff in such Suit, and a Tender made to

him of his reasonable Expences for travelling and attending with such Books, he shall forfeit the said Sum

of twenty Pounds, to be recovered by the Party grieved, as aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this A S shall be deemed, ad- Public A&,

judged, and taken to be a public AS; and shall be taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and

other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for paving Parts of the Footpaths on the Sides of the great Road, called Whitechapel Roady in the

County of Middlesex; and also the several Streets, Lanes, Roads, and Passages, opening into the fame;

and for preventing ObstruSions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and near thereto.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

' thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight. 1,500,000l.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and

to indemnify Tuftices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifica-

tions within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indem-

nify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been

omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for

allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as

have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and So-

licitors.

Preamble. Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to AS 1 Geo. I. AS Car. II.

AS 25 Car. II. AS 30 Car. II. AS 8 Geo. I. AS 9 Geo. II. AS 18 Geo. II. and AS 6 Geo. III. before

Vol. XIII. Part II. H h “ the

