127

A. D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. C. 50.

Scotland, over and above the Duty now payable thereon, an additional Scamp-duty of one Shilling and

Sixpence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which frail be

ingrossed, written, or printed, any Principal or Original Instrument of Surrender or Resignation, Service

or Cognition of Heirs, Charter, or Saifine of any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, holding

Burgage, or of Burgage Tenure, in Scotland, over and above the Duty now payable thereon, an additional

Stamp-duty of one Shilling and Sixpence.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more effectual

levying, collecting, and paying all the said additional and new Duties herein-before granted, the fame shall

be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed

to manage the Duties charged on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper: who, or the major Part of

them, are hereby required and impowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose 5

and to use and provide such Stamps to denote the said several Duties as shall be requisite in that Behalf,

and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the said

several Rates and Duties herein-before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner as they, or

the major Part of them, are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning damped Vellum,

Parchment or Paper.

XIX. Provided always, and be it.further enided by the Authority aforesaid. That, to prevent the

Multiplication of Stamps upon such Pieces of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheets or Pieces of Paper, on

which several Duties are by several Acts of Parliament imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said

Commissioners, indead of the didind Stamps uireded to be provided to denote the several Duties on the

Vellum, Parchment, or Paper charged therewith, to cause one new Stamp to be provided, to denote the

said several Duties, and the Duty granted by this Act, on every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet

or Piece of Paper, charged with the said several Duties.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper,

liable to the Duties hereby charged, lhalJ, before the fame shall be ingrossed, printed, or written upon, be

b ought to the Head Office for damping or marking Vellum, Parchment, or Paper; and the said Commis-

sioners, by themselves, or by their Officers employed under them, shall forthwith, upon Demand to them

made by any Person or Persons, from Time to l ime, stampor mark, as this Act directs, any Quantities

or Parcels of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, as shall be brought to them for that Purpose, the Persons so

bringing the fame paying to the Receiver-general of'the Stamp-duties for the Time being, or his Deputy

or Clerk, the several Duties payable for the fame by virtue of this Act.

XXL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the fame Allowance shall be made on

present Payment of the several Duties granted by this Act, in such Manner as by any former Law relating

to stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, is directed and allowed.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties herein-before

granted shall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Time being of

the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of

the several Rates and Duties, and pay the fame (the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting

for the fame being deduded) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Purpose herein-after exprefl'ed,

at such Time, and in such Manner, as any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are

directed to be paid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That such Stamps as the said Commissio-

ners are hereby directed and authorised to provide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed, in such

Manner as any other Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are by any former Law relating to stamped

Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, directed to be altered and renewed ; and that all Persons who mall have in

their Custody or Possession any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, marked with the Stamp or Mark which

frail be so altered, or renewed, or on which, being already stamped with a Stamp denoting any former

Duty, a new Stamp is hereby directed to be impressed, shall have the like Remedy and Allowance, as by

any former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, is in like Cafes directed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons frail, from

and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, sign, seal, execute, or

subscribe, any Policy of Insurance, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, whereby Houses and Goods

frail be anyways insured from Loss by Fire, to the Amount or Value as aforesaid, before the Vellum,

Parchment, or P^per, whereupon the fame.shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, shall appear to have

been stamped and marked as by this and the other Acts of Parliament in that Behalf is directed \ that then

every such Person so offending frail, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; one

Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of

Suit, to such Person or Persons as shall inform and sue for the same in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Re-

cord: And that if any such Policy of Insurance shall be so fisned, sealed, executed, or subscribed, upon

Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not appearing to have been duly stamped or marked according to Law, that

then, and in every such Cafe, there shall he paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (over and above

the Duties hereby payable), for every such Policy of Insurance, the Sum of five Pounds ; and that no such

Policy of Insurance shall be available in Law or Equity, or be given in Evidence, or admitted in any Court,

unless as well the said Duty hereby charged, as the said Sum of five Pounds, shall be first paid to the Use

of his Majesty, hisvHiirs or Succefl'ors, and a Receipt produced for the fame, under the Hand of the Re-

ceiver-general for the Time being of the Stamp-duties, or his Deputy, and until the Vellum, Parchment,

or Paper, on Which such Policy of Insurance is so signed, sealed, executed, or subscribed, shall be marked

or stamped according to the true Meaning thereof; and the said Receiver-general and his Deputy are here-

Original Inftrn-

ment of Surren-

der, Service of

Heirs, &c. X I.

6 d.

The additional

and gew Duties

herein-before

granted shall be

under the Ma-

nagement of the

Commissionen

of the Stimp-

dutiet.

CommissioneTS

may cause one

new Stamp to

be provided, to

denote the Je-

veral Duties on

each Skin of

Parchment, Arc,

Vellum, Parch-

ment or Paper,

liable to the

aforesaid Duties, -

shall, before in-

grofling, &c. be

stamped at the

Head Office fur

stamping.

Usual Allowance

to be made for

present Payment

of the Duties.

Duties to be paid

to the Receiver-

general of the

Stamp-duties,

dec.

Stamps directed

to be used by

this Act, may

be altered and

renewed, &c»

If any Per(on,

after July 5,

1777, shall sign

or fe 2), A;c. any

Policy of Infur-

ance from Fire,

to the aforesaid

Amount, with-

out being duly

stamp-d, he shall

forfeit to 1.

and (h^ll pay to

his Majesty

(befnies the Du-

tie« hereby pay-

able) 5 ► be ore

any tuct» Policy

shall be a/*iljbic

in Law, &c.

