J 28

Persons counter-

feiting any Seal

or Stamp, to

referable any

Seal, &c. direct-

ed to be used to

denote the

Stannp-duties,

with an intent

to defraud his

JV! rtffry* ftiUl

f ff r Dca h as

F-l n%

Ail Provisiors,

Penalties and

Forfeitures, See.

in former AOs

rcbting to 'he

Stamp-duti s,

shall De in Force,

»nd be applied

in executing this

A«.

^Ionics ar'sing

by the said Du-

ties to be paid

into the Fyche-

quer didinflly

from all otr er

Bramhes cf tWe

pi bl c Revenue.

Defen dar t^ un-

der this Att may

plead the Ge-

neral Ifue,

and recover

Treble Costs.

C. 51, 52. Anno ekeimo feptimo G e 0 r r. 11 I IT, A.D. 1777.

by enjoined ami required, upon Payment or Tender of the fa d D-r\, pav Wo by virtue h"reor, and of

the said Sum of five Pounds, to give a Receipt to" nich Mom \ , 1 . m * » .• r proper v iiieers are there-

upon required to maik or lump such Policy ot infuiaine vu.ii nv p opu 01 P D.cjuiiiie in that

BehTf.

XXV. And be it further ennTed by the Authority afi>rekij, I raf 1; a*tv IVfon fnrdl rountcrfi it cr

forge, or procire to be counterfeited or foil'd, any S-al, Stamp, <u MuM to rthmoica y M al, S tairp,

or Mark, directed or allowed to be ufid determined by this or ar’> other Act of 1 .uinm v;:t, t>r to Purpose of ot not-

ing the Duties by this or any other Act or Pailiam nr granted. < 1 Iliad comr e; ten or iciemb.e the Lnpref-

fion of the fame, with an Intent to dcfiaud his M j 'tv, Ins Hc-bs h'n\i ho.s, of any (it t u* laid Du-

ties ; or fit all privately or fraudulently iff* any fceal. Stamp, or Mar*, cMcieti or adov.eO to he u<ecl by

this or any other Act of Parliament, re'atirg to the Stamp*eutu wmi in c-nt to dutonid his Majesty,

his Heirs and SuccHIors, of any of the said Dutie- ; e\e y Pc; foil lo t ft oding, and being tncreot law-

fully convicted, shall be adjudged a Pel >n, and ih.di i after D:un, as in C.i- of Fe.ony, without Benefit

ofOev.

XXVI. And be it further cr.rcUd by the Authority afem-said, lh.it all P-wcts, Provisions, Articles,

Clauses Distribution of Penalties and Fork-ituo's, atul a i o 1»« r M..u* is ton! Things prelciibed or ap-

pointed by any former Act or Acts of PaThnent, it am;' to th. um v -outon Vellum, Parchment,

and Paper, shall he ot full Force and b ff cl with relation t*» »he ft v.-rai L uiks hereby impaled, a 1 jd Hi311 be

applied and put in Execution hr the railing, levying, < • Dei •»•*,*, . nd 1 tming the < dd additional and new

Duties hereby impeded, acc rdirg t<> the true Intent find Alc.ming «»* tr* s Act, as fully, to all Intents bnd

Purposes, as if the fame had ft vt rally and telpcCi vt.) been h- u t y tni c 1«(l, with relation to the said addi-

tional and new Duties hert by inrpo'e d.

XXVII. And be it further enMt d by the Authority aoreurd, Thai all the Monies arising hv the said

several and respcdt vc Rates :.pd Duties (the imc»ilo\ Cf\»*g s of r m g .mu accounting 1 >r die fame ex-

cepted), {hall, from Time to Time, be paid into iri: Keen i«t ot hi* A { j fry’s Fxcb<*qi,cr l*r/hn;nj}cr%

distii ly and ; part fre m a-1 orhi r Pr: in hes ot W e pul lie K e ( r.r e, a. ( Ih^ll, for the Pu pose afoielaid, be

carried ro, and made a Part cf, the Fund cr rrn.orA 1 al td ri he Sliding h'uud.

XXVill. And he ir further by the Au h^ ny arortfaid, Thar if an> Person or Persons shall, at

any Time or T irres, be sued, nioh il.d, or pro!ec‘iitd> t- r any I Ivng by him or them done or executed

in pmfuance of this Act, crofiir\ C ame, Matter, < r T bmp, but in conta ried j such Person or Perions

shall and may plead rlu Gtneial I fine, arid p;ve rht speu^l Varui in 1 vie* nee, for his or their Defence:

And upon the Trial, a Ve d ct fl all pa!s for the I '> rer d r r or Dt fem'- nts, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

shall become nonluhcd, then fu-h D» f* ndaiu or Dticndaius fltjli have T reble Colls awarded to him or

them, against such Plaintift or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LI.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one Million for the Uses and Purposes therein

mentioned.

CAP. LII.

An Act for better securino; the Duties on Sope, and the Duties on Rum of the Sugar Plan-

tations put into Warchoules ; and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum

shipped as Stores, to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, for a li-

mited Time.

Preamble.

After June 24,

1777, no Fcr-

f-n, residing

u ithin the Li-

n it5 of 'he Head

OTHce of Excite

in London, fh.nll

crtLe any Sope,

un’efs he occupy

a Tenement of

lo 1. per A nn.

and pay Farish

R.rcs; r.or in

.any other Fart

of (he Kingdom,

unless he piy so

Church and

Foor, 5c c.

€ t \ ~f HERE AS, notwithstanding the many Laws already made for securinor the Revenues cn Sope,

4 V v and for proteciing the fair T rader, many grob Frauds are daily pradtiled l>y evil- minded and indi-

4 gent Persons, who are encouraged in such Practices, not only from the great Length of Time allowed by*

4 those Laws for the Payment of 11;e Duties on Sope, but also for want of feme further Regulations in the

4 Manner of the carrying on the Si pe-muking Business ;* for Remedy whereof, be it enacted, by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this prefun Parliament aflemhied, and by the Authority of the same, T hat, from and after

the twenty* fourth Day of 'June, or.e thousand (even hundred and seventy-seven, no Person or Persons what-

soever, residing within the Limits of the Head Office of Excite in London, Hi al 1 he permitted ro make any

Sope, unless tuch Person or lJerlons ftiail occupy a Tenement or Tenements of the yearly Value of ten

Pounds, or upwards, and for which he, she, or they shall accordingly be .diefied in their own Name, and

Hi al 1 also pay to the Parish Rates ; and that no Person or Persons whatever, residing in any other Part of

the Kingdom where there are Rat s to Church and Poor, (lull be permitted to make any Sope, unless

such Person or Persons Hi all he afitfled and pay to Church and Poor, in the several Pariflres and Places in

which they shall respectively rc fide ; and that no Entry of any Sopc-house, Work-house, or Place for

making of Sope, already made, or hereafter to be made, as required hv the Statutes in that Caie made

and provided, shall be of any Avail to any Person pr Persons net lo qualified, or for any longer Time than

the Person or Persons so making Entry shall be qualified as aforesaid ; and every Person making Sope and

not qualified as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding any Entry by him or them made, be deemed and tak n to

be Persons making Sope without Entry, and (lull he subjeFt to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as

Persons making Sope without Lntry are by the Statutes in such Cafe made and provided now sub-

jest unto.

4 II. And

