Inhabitant* re-

quired to be af-

filling harem.

lot Premium

to such at Jfcall

Jifcovt i any pro-

per Feifon, so at

be be ini tiled*

Persons cbrtru£l-

ing the Execu-

tion of this Act

to fotfelt 10 J.j

V'hich may be

levied by Pif-

tress*

Commi flic net*

tO examine the

Persons brought

before them, dec.

and, if found

proper for the

Service, to de-

liver them to

the Military

Offices.

How Officer to.

proceed when

imprefTed Men

shall be found

more proper for

the Sra Service

than the Lind*

Commissioners

prefect at the

delivering over

any Recruit,

may upon De-

mand made in

hi* Beha’f, ap-

point a further

Meeting j

and finding him

not to be within

the Description

•f'this Act, are

to cejtify the

fame to the Se-

cretary at War,

wh« shall e: use

the Man to be

dist hirged

Officer »o pay

him i s. for each

Pay he thali

C, io* Anno decimo nono G eor o i i III. A. D. 177

Keeper, out of the Poor’s Rate of the Parish or Placs where such Person or Persons shall be apprehended*

Six-pence by the Day for each Person during the Time that they shall remain there, or shall convey them

before the Commissioners, at their next Meeting for lifting of Soldiers, to be examined, and (if adjudged

by the Commissioners. to be within the^Description of this Act) tp bp lifted and delivered into his Majesty’s

Service, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act,

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted and strictly enjoined by the Authority aforesaid. That the In-

habitants of every Parish and Township, where any rerfohs described as aforesaid do abide or are to be

found (at the Instance of any one or more of the Commissioners appointed for the Execution of this Act*

or of any Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, or Constable, of the same Parish or Township), shall (not

having a lawful or reasonable Cause to the contrary) be aiding and assisting in the Furtherance of his Ma-*

jesty’s Service by this Act described.

4 XXV. And, to encourage such Inhabitants and others to assist in discovering and apprehending such

* Persons described as aforesaid/ it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Per-

son shall discover and give Information of any able-bodied Man, fit to lei ve his Majesty within the De-

scription of this Act, so that he shall be apprehended and inlisted before the Commissioners as aforesaid*

such Person, for every Man so discovered and inlisted^ shall receive, from the Officer to whom such Man

shall be delivered, the Sum of ten Shillings, out of the twenty Shillings which he is elsewhere diicfted

to pay to the Officers of the Parish or Town, for every Man impress'ed by virtue of this Act, and the Re-,

maitider only of such twenty Shillings shall, in that Cafe, be paid to such Officers.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons whatfo-

ever shall wilfully do any Act or Thing whereby the Execution of this Act, in the searching for, taking*

and securing, such able-bodied Men as aforesaid, shall be hindered or frustrated, every such Person fbaj),

for every such Offence, forfeit and pav any Sum not exceeding ten Poupds, to the Use of the Informer or-

Informers; and all and every such Offences may be enquired of, heard, ‘and finally determined, by any*-

two or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, dwelling in or near the Place where such Offence shall

be committed ; who have hereby Power to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the.

Offender's Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owners ; and if the Offender

has no Goods and Chattels sufficient to answer the said Penalty, then to commit him or her to the County

Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of three.Calendar Months without Bail or.

Main prize.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for executing,

this Act, who shall attend this Service at the Place or Places for lifting Soldiers in pursuance of this Act*,

shall strictly examine the Persons who shall be brought before them by the said Churchwardens, ^Overseers*.

Conftublps, Headboroughs, Tithingmen, or other rarish or TQWtl Officers, as aforesaid ; and it shall and

may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby apthorifed to administer an Oath to

each and every Person who shall appear and give Evidence touching any Person so brought before them irv

pursuance of this Act : And in case the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, upon

Examination of the Persons so brought before them, shall find that such Persons shall come within the

Descriptions herein mentioned j and the said Commissioners, and the Officer or Officers who shall be ap-

pointed to receive the impressed Men, shall judge them to be such as are hereby intended to be entertained,

as Soldiers in his Majesty’s Service; then, and in such Cafe, the said Commissioners shall cause such Per-

forms to be delivered over, by the said Churchwardens, Overseers, Constables, Headboroughs, Tithing-

men, or other Parish or Town Officers, to such Officers or Persons as shall be appointed to receive fudi

Recruits as aforesaid : And if it shall at ^y Time appear to the Officer, under whose Command such im—

pressed Men shall be, that any such Men are more proper for his Majesty’s Service by Sea than by Land*

then it shall and may be lawful for such Officer to carry such Men before any three of the Commissioners

authorised to put this Act in Execution; and if such Commissioners shall judge such Persons to be more;

proper for his Majesty’s Service by. Sea. than by Land, then it shall be lawful for such Officer to cause such

Men to be delivered over to any Commission Officer of his Majesty’s Fleet to be appointed for entering:

such Persons to serve as common Sailors in the said Fleet, such Officer giving a Receipt under his Hand*

acknowledging what Men are so delivered to him (which Receipt he is hereby required to give), and also

repaying to the Land Officer the Expences incurred by him oq account of the said impressed Men.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall be law—

ful for the Commissioners who shall have been present at any such. Meeting where any Man shall have been

delivered over as aforesaid, or for the major Part of them, upon the Demand of such Man, or of any

other Person on his Behalf, signified to their Clerk within Foqr Days after such Meeting, and by him

notified to each of the said Commissioners, to appoint a further Meeting of the fame Commissioners, at

which any other Commissioners may also attend, to be holden within fye Days after the making of such

Demand, unless the Party appealing shall require a further reasonable Time; and, if, upon further and more

certain Information, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, at such further Meeting, shall

find that such Man was not, at the Time of his being delivered over^as aforesaid, within the Description

of this Act, they are hereby required to certify the fame, under their Hands and Seals, to his Majesty’s

Secretary at War, or Secretary to the Admiralty, or to the general Officer whom they shall have learned,

by Notice from the Secretary at War, to have been appointed to command his Majesty’s Forces in the

District where such Commissioners aft, who, on the Receipt of such Certificate, shall cause the Map to-,

be forthwith discharged ; and the recruiting Officer shall, on such Person’s receiving his Discharge as

aforesaid, cause to be paid to such Man the Sum of one Shilling, for each Day, he shall have been so de-

tained in the Service as aforesaid, to be allowed to such Officer out of the-recruiting Fund, over and above

such Subsistence as he may have received ; and the Clerk appointed by the,Commissioners shall repay to

such Officpi (>vithou; Fee or other Deduction) the several Sum^ before to hjoiby^ said Officer, and

6 shall

