The TITLES of the STATUTES.

and other Corgmonable Lands and Grounds, of and

wiLhin the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Braybrooke,

in the County of Northampton.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Meadows, Ings, Common Pastures, and Moors, with-

in the Pariftea of Thimbleby and Ednngion, in the County

of Linco 'n.

41. An Act for aligning certain Open and Inclosed Lands,

and Rights of Common, within the Manor of Ripley,

in the County of York, pursuant to an Agreement en-

tered into between the Trustees of John Ligilby Esquire,

a Minor, and Walter Vavajour Esquire, Thomas Grim-

ston, and Elizabeth Etefon \ and for other Purposes

thciein mentioned.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable

Lands and Grounds, in the consolidated Parishes of

Siddington Saint Peter, and Siddington Saint Mary, in

the County of Glouctjler; and for taking down the Rec-

tory Church of Saint Mary, within the said Parishes.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds,

and Commonable Lands, within the Township and

Liberties of Hardwicke, in the County of Buckingham.

4 7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable

Lands and Grounds, called Shuckburgh Fields, in the

County of Warwick.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

of and within the Parish and Liberties of North Mar-

ston, in the County of Bucks.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or

Waste Ground, called North Mjms Common, or Wood,

in the Parish of North Myms, in the County of Hert-

ford.

50. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Seve-

ralty, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable

Places, within the Parish of Patney, in the County of

Wilts.

51. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Tacol-

neston, in the County of Norfolk.

52. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Heath, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish

of Hackthorne, in the County of Lincoln-

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and all other Commonable Land, in the

Manor and Hamlet of Cow Honeybom, otherwise Chapel

Honey born, in the County of Gloucester.

54. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain

Commons and Waste Grounds, called Glujburn Moor,

within the Manor of Glufbum, in the Parish of KildwUk,

in the West Riding of the County of York.

5 5. An Act for veiling the several yearly Rents and Copy-

hold Fines, payable to the Lord Bishop of Durham, and

his Successors, and issuing out of the several Messuages,

Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor of Hewden,

in the East Riding of the County of York, in Trustees,

to be sold; and for enabling the said Lord Bishop of

Durham, and his Successors, to enfranchise the several

Customary or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, and Tene-

ments, withip the said Manor; and for applying the

Money arising from such Sale and Enfranchisement in

the Manner therein mentioned.

56. An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement,

made between the Dean and Chapter of Durham, and

General Cuthbert Ellison, for the Partition and Division

5

of a Trad of unimproved Land, in the Parish of

in the County Palatine of Durham, and the Partition

and Division made in pursuance thereof.

57. An Act to enable John Arthur Wofop (heretofore

called John Arthur Esquire) to settle a Jointure upon

any Woman or Women he may hereafter marry, on the

Terms therein mentioned.

58. An Act to empower John Bond Merchant, and Sarah

his Wife, or the Sutvivor of them, during their re-

spective Lives, to grant Leases of their settled Estate, in

the County of Surrey.

59. An Act for veiling the settled Estate of John Bullock

Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of Chef-

ter, inTrustees, to be sold, for raising Money todif-

charge an Incumbrance thereon, and laying out the

Surplus in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments to

be settled to the Uses limited of the said settled Estate.

60. An Act for exemplifying or enrolling the Will of

George late Lord Binglcy deceased, and making such Ex-

emplification, or atiefted Copies of the Inrolment there-

of, Evidence as well in Ireland as in Great Britain.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the

Parish and Manor of Mitcham, in the County of Buck-

ingham.

6z. An Act for dividing, allotting, arid laying in Seve-

ralty, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable

Places, within the Manor and Tithing of Coate, in the

Parish of Bishop's Cannings, in the County of Wilts.

63. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common

Moor, or Trad of Waste Land, called Acomb Common,

within the Regality or Manor of Hexham, ih*he County

of Northumberland.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and

within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties Of Darby, in

the County of Northampton.

65. An Act for confirming a Division and Inclosure of the

Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common

Pastures, within the Parish of Little Berkford, in the

County of Bedford, and certain Exchanges of Lands and

Estates within the said Parish.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pafturfs, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

in the Township of Kerfall,- in the Parish of Kneefcdl,

and County of Nottingham.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Common Meadows, and Failure, Waste Grounds,

and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Leek-

hampton, in the County of Gloucester, and several small

Parcels of the said Fields which extend into the Paiifti of

Cheltenham, in the same County.

68. An Act for confirming, establtihing, and making ef-

fectual, certain Articles of Agreement, made and en-

tered into, for inclosing and dividing the several Com-

mons, called Ealing Common, Ealing Green, and Cooks

Hill, in the Parish of HampjleadNorreys, in the County of

Berks, emd for exchanging certain Lands in the said Parish*

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Of)en and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable

Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of

Napton uton the Hill, in the County of Warwick.

70. An Act for naturalizing Pierre Theodore De Bruges.

71. An Act to enable the Honourable Temple Simon Lut-

trell to make a Jointure upon his intended Wife out of

his settled Estate; and for making a Provision, by Way

of Equivalent, in Lisa thereof.

72. An

