43$

So nuich of the

former Act as

requires the

Names to be put

on the Bows of

Vessel?, repealed.

Names and

Plates of Abode

of Owners and

Sree>fmeo to be

put on the Sterns

ot Vessels;

on Penalty of

j'-

Penalty on /lott-

ing of Timber.

Penalty on Per-

fons act'aulting

the Collectori,

or obstrufling

them in their

Duty.

Proviso,

Tottenham Mill

Stream to be used

as Part of the

Navigation for

ever, subje£ to a

certain annual

Payment,

Nothing to be

done to prejudice

Tottenham

Mils,

The Occupiers

of the Mills not

to draw the Wa-

ter beljw a cer-

tain Height.

The Trulfees to

keep the Gates

of the Lock, near

the Stream of an

equal Height

with the Banks ;

How the Rent

payable for the

Use of Totten-

C. 58. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1779.

XXV. And be it further ena£led by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said recited Act of the

seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as requires the Owners of Boats, Barges, Lighters, or

other Vessels, to cause their Names, and also the Names of the Steerfmen, or other Persons having the

Care or Charge of such Boats, Barges, Lighters, or other Vessels, and their respective Places of Abode,

to be placed and set on the upper Part of the Bow on both Sides of such Boats, Barges, Lighters, or other

Vessels, and as inflifls a Penalty for Default therein, shall be, and is hereby repealed.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of

June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, the Owner or Owners of every Boat, Barge, Lighter,

or other Vessel, passing upon the said River, Cuts, or Canals, shall cause his, her, or their Name or

Names, and also the Name of the Steerfman, or other Person having the Care or Charge of every such

Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, and their respective Places of Abode, to be placed and set at full

Length, in white Letters upon a black or dark Ground, such Letters to be four Inches long, and of a

proportional Breadth, and made on some conspicuous Part of the Stern of every such Boat, Barge, Lighter,

or other Vessel, and to be kept at all Times plain and legible; and in case any Boat, Barge, Lighter,

or other Vessel, shall, at any Time after the said twenty-fourth Day ofjuney one thousand seven hundred

and seventy-nine, be navigated on the said River, Cuts, or Canals, not having the Name or Names of

the Owner or Owners thereof, and also the Name of the Steerfman, or other Person as aforesaid, and

also their respective Places of Abode, placed and set on the Stern of every such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or

other Vessel, and kept plain and legible, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or if any

Steerfman or other Person shall cover or conceal the fame, or use any Means whatsoever to prevent any

Person from reading the fame ; every Person offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, after

the twenty-fourth Day of Junefone thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, float, or cause any Timber

to be floated, upon the said River, Cuts, or Canals, every fu^h Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of

fifty Shillings for every Time he or they shall float, or cause any Timber to be floated, upon the said River,

Cuts, or Canals.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall assault, inter-

rupt, orobftruft, any Collector, or other Person employed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of

them, in collecting the said Rates or Duties, or otherwise in the Execution of his Office, every such Per-

son shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor ltfs than

ten Shillings.

XXIX. Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall prevent, or be construed to prevent, any

such Collector, or other Person, having his Remedy, for any such Offence, in any of his Majesty’s Courts

of Law, by Action, Indictment, or otherwise.

4 XXX. And whereas a certain navigable Stream or Cut belonging to James Townfend, Esquire, called

4 Tottenham Mill Stream, hath been used as Part of the said Navigation, for the Passage of Boats, Barges,

4 Lighters, and other Vessels, for which the said Trustees hive paid to the said James Townfend the annual

4 Sum of ten Pounds ten Shillings ; and the said James Townfend is consenting that the said Stream or Cut

4 should be used as Part of the said Navigation for ever, subject to the fame annual Kent; but the fame

4 being no Part of the Navigation described in the said Act, the Use of the said Stream cannot be secured

4 to the Public, unless some further Powers are granted for that Purpose ;’ be it therefore enabled and de-

clared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Stream or Cut, together with a proper Towing-path on

the Weft Side thereof, shall for ever hereafter be used as Part of the said Navigation ; and that the Own-

ers of all Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vefl'els, shall have Liberty to navigate along the said.Stream

or Cut, and to make use of the said Towing-path, in like Adanner as if the said Stream or Cut had been

Part of the Navigation described in the said Act; and the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them,

shall, and have hereby full Power and Authority, from Time to 'l ime, to scour, cleanse, deepen, and do

such other Works in the said Stream or Cut, and repair the said Towing-path, as they dial! think fit, for

the Purposes of the said Navigation, without any Hindrance, Molestation, or Interruption, from the said

?ames Townfend, or any Person or Persons who may hereafter be entitled to the said Stream or Cut, and

'owing-path, so that no Damage be done thereby to Tottenham Mills, by preventing the Water flowing to

the fame as it now doth.

XXXI. Provided always, Thet nothing herein contained shall authorise the said Trustees, or any of

them, or any other Person or Persons acting under their Authority, to contract the said Stream or Cut, or

prevent the Occupier of Tottenham Mills from penning a Head of Water to the said Mills, or to obstruct,

hinder, or prevent the navigating or passing of Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels, to and from

the said Mills.

XXXII. Provided also, That the Occupier or Occupiers of the said Mills, or any other Person or Per-

fons, shall not, upon any Account or Pretence, cause the Water to be let or drawn out of the fa’d Strea'in

or Cut, so as to reduce the fame below the Height of two Feet on the present Sill of the Waste-gate of

the said Mills, to be ascertained by a Stone put down and marked for that Purpose : And the said Ttuftees

are hereby required at all Times to keep the Gates of the Lock near the said Stream or Cut of an equal

Height with the Banks of the said Mill Stream at the Mill Head, for keeping a full Head of Water to the

said Mills; and the said Trustees shall, at all Times, repair, and keep in good Repair, the Bridge built

across the new Cut near the said Mill Stream.

and to repair the BriJge.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted. That the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, and

they are hereby authorised and required, out of any Money arising by virtue of the said recited Acts, and

5 this

