35°

#nd 6 d. per

Acre afterwards;

and to borrow

24,000 1.

Thac Sum bor-

rowed, and ap-

plied purfuaotto

that Alt, and

to another Alt

of 13 Geo. III.

Act 19 Geo. II.

impowered the

Corporation to

borrow 5,COO 1.

more.

Recital of Act

II Ceo. III.

The 5,0001.

borrowed and

expended, and

other Debts con-

frafted.

The Lands In

the North Letel

charged with a

further Tax of

6 d. per Acre,

and Portsand

3 d. per Acre,

payable to the

Corporation.

The Taxes, and

Money bor-

rowed thereon,

to be applied to

the Corporation

Works belong-

ing to the North*

bevel.

TheCorpcratica

impowered to

but row the fur-

ther Sum of

2U>,000 1.5

C.

24. *'■

Anno decimo nono Georg 11 III. A. D. 1779.

per'Acre, yearly, during the first four Years, and not exceeding Sixpence per Acre in any one Year after

the Expiration of the said four Years, to be paid half-yearly to such Person or Persons as the said Com-

missioners should appoint to receive the same; and that the Monies to be laised by the said Taxes, ai>d

also all Sums to be borrowed and received on the Credit thereof, in Manner therein-after mentioned,

4 should, from Time to Time, be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners, in or towards divers

4 Works therein mentioned and specified, for draining and preservir.g the said Distnfts ; and the said

4 Commissioneis were thereby impowered to borrow and take up Money (not exceeding in the Whole the

4 Sum of fourteen thousand Pounds) on the Credit of the said Taxes, so directed to be assessed by them as

4 aforesaid, and such Taxes were, in the first Place, to be chargeable with the Monies so borrowed, and

4 the Interest thereof: And whereas the Commissioners, ailing under the said last mentioned Act, did,

4 pursuant to the Powers therein contained, borrow and take up at Interest in the Whole the Sum of four-

4 teen thousand Pounds, on the Credit of the said Taxes by the said last-mentioned Act directed to be aftefLd

4 and charged by the said Commissioners as aforesaid ; and the Monies so borrowed, together with the

4 Surplus of the said Taxes, after keeping-down the Interest thereof, have been applied by the said Com-

4 missioners in and towards the Woiks directed by the said Act, and likewise in executing divers other

4 necessary and expensive Works for the Improvement of the Wijbeach River, at or near the Outfall of

4 the Wafers of the said North Level and Portsand, to the Sea, in pursuance, and according to the Direc-

4 tions, of another Act of Parliament, made and passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his prefen*

4 Majesty, intituled. An Act for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Tid

4 Saint Giles, and Newton, in the IJleofYAy, in the County of Cambridge, and in Tid Saint Mary’j, in the

4 County of Lincoln; and, by the last-mentioned Act, the said Tax of Sixpence per Acre, chargeable by

4 the said Commissioners under the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of his said late Majesty, is made

4 applicable towards the further Support and Maintenance of the said Works ; and the said fourteen thou-

4 sand Pounds now remain a Debt on the said Taxes, so chargeable by virtue of the said last-mentioned

4 Act : And whereas, by an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty,

4 intituled. An Act for establishing a Fund, for Payment of the Bonds of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Co//.-

4 monalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and for ex-

4 changing the present Bonds of the said Corporation for other Bonds, payable out of the Revenues of the Afiddlf

4 and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level, and for enabling the said Corporation to borrow further Sums

4 for the Use of the said Great Level, the said Corporation was impowered to borrow Money upon Bonds,

4 not exceeding in the Whole five thousand Pounds, for the Use of the said North Level, to be charged

4 on the Rents, Taxes, and Sums of Money, to be received, raised, or levied, by the said Corporation,

4 from, upon, or on account of such Part of the said ninety-five thousand Acres as lay within the said

4 North Level : And whereas, by an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

4 King George the Third, intituled. An Act to enable the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company

4 of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, to complete and maintain the principal

4 Banks and JVorki necessary to the well draining and preserving the North Level, Part of the said Great Levels

4 and for laying Taxes upon the Lands within the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the

4 Aianor of Crowland, reciting (amongst other Things) that several Breaches having happened in the

4 No/th Bunk of Moretons Leame in the Years one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and one thou-

4 sand seven hundred and sixty-four, the said Corporation had borrowed the said Sum of five thousand

4 Pounds; and that other Breaches having happened in the said North Bank of Moretorts Leame in the

4 Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, the said five thousand Pounds had been expended, and

4 other Debts contrafted, by the said Corporation, in the necessary Repairs of the said North Bank, and

4 other Works belonging to the said Corporation, in the said North Level; and that further Breaches had

4 then lately happened in the said North Bank of Moretoris Leame; it was enacted. That all the Lands

4 and Grounds within the said North Level, and the said Lands called Portsand, comprised in the said Act

4 of the twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second (except as therein excepted), should be, and the

4 fame were thereby yearly, and every Year, rated, charged, and assessed, in Manner following; that is

4 to say, all the Lands and Grounds within the said North Level (except as therein excepted) with a Tax

4 of Sixpence for every Acre, and the said Lands, called Portsand, with Three-pence for every Acre,

‘ to be paid to the said Corporation, or their Receiver; and that the said Taxes, and all Money to be

4 raised thereon, or borrowed and received on the Credit thereof, should, together with all Money

4 arising ty the Tax and a Quarter, fixed upon such Part of the said ninety-five thousand Acres as lie

4 within the said North Level, and all other the Rents and Revenues arising or payable to the said Corpo-

4 ration from the said North Level (but without Prejudice to the Payment of the said former Debt of five

4 thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof), be applied by the said Corporation in and towards the

4 Chaiges of repairing the said North Bank of AAoretcn’s Leame, and the several other Banks and Works of

4 the said North Level, to which the Monies arising from the said Tax and a Quarter, on such of the said

4 ninety-five thousand Acres as lie within the said North Level, and the Rents and other Revenues of the

4 said Corporation, arising from the said North Level, were, by the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year

4 of his late Majesty King George the Second, directed to be applied : And it was thereby further enacted,

4 That it should be lawful for the Commissioners for the five several Districts or Divisions, nominated or

4 appointed, elected or chosen, by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-seventh Year of his said late Ma-

4 jesty King George the Second, to elect, yearly, eighteen of the said Commissioners, to be a Committee,

4 to superintend and direct the Repairs and Amendments of the said Banks and Works ; and the said Cor-

4 poration was thereby jmpowered to raise, by Sale of the Taxes thereby charged, or to borrow on the

4 Credit thereof, and of their other Taxes, Rents, and Revenues, arising from the said North Level (buc

4 without Prejudice to the Bond Creditors for the said Sum of five thousand Pounds), such further Monies

4 as they should judge necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds :

4 And

