A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C. 33. 375

of being or acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners under this Act, or la ^carrying the Purposes

thereof into Execution; and all Acts to be afterwards done by such Person and Persons as a Commissioner

or Commissioners as aforesaid, shall and are hereby declared to he respectively null and;void.

XLV. Provided also, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of CommWBonm.

any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given (other than adminhering the Oath following to one ano- to be (Worn,

ther) until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath to the Effeft following; (that is to say)

5 ¥ A. B. do swear, That I will, without Favour or Affection, Hatred or Malice, truly and impartially. The Oath.

€ x according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute and perform all and every the Powers and

,€ Authorities given unto me as a Commissioner appointed in pursuance ofan Act of Parliament for draining,

improving, and preferring\ the Low Lands in the Parishes of A1 tear, Sefton, Halfall, and Walton upon the

4 Hill, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.’

Which Oath the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them, is or are hereby authorised and im-

powered to administer to any other of the said Commissioners, at their first or any subsequeqt Meeting or

Meetings, to be holden in pursuance of this Act.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no-

thing in this Act contained shall be construed to charge or subject the said Commissioners, or any of them,

with any Costs or Charges, personally, or out of their or any of their own private Estates, hut that all

Cods and Charges which shall be awarded against the said Commissioners, or any of them, under this Act,

shall be borne and paid from and out of the Monies to be had and received by virtue of or under this Acts

any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of

Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Person

or Persons making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on Account of any Defcft or Want

of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor

-stall the Person or Persons didraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on Account of any

Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Person or Persons distraining; but the Person or

Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in

■an Action upon the Cafe; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action shall recover for any such Irre-

gularity, if Tender of good and diffident Amends shall have been made by or on Behalf of the Defendant

or Defendants, before such Action brought; nor if such Tender of Amends shall be made at any Time

after such Action brought, and before the Trial thereof, together with Costs of Suit to the Time of such

Jaft-mentioned Tender; but on Proof made of such Tender on the Trial of such Action, the Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs therein shall differ Judgment, as in Cafes of Nonsuit, to be entered against such Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs, with Treble Costs, to be recovered in the same Manner as any Defendant or Defendants may

recover Costs at Law.

XLVIII. And, to the End that it may appear clearly what Money has been raised from Time to Time

€ by virtue of this Act, and that the Owners and Proprietors of the said Low Lands may be satisfied, that

the Money collected and raised hath been duly applied be it further enacted by the Authority afore-

said, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall cause Books of Assessments, Re-

ceipts, and Disbursements, to be provided and kept, and the Accounts of every Collector or Receiver

{ball be entered therein after the fame shall have been passed and allowed as herein-after mentioned; and

that once or oftener in every Year, on one of the Days of Meeting of the said Commissioners, Inspection

shall be had by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, of the Receipts and Disbursements

of all Money which shall be collected by virtue of this Act; and all Accounts relating to the fame shall

be then, or within twenty Days after, made up and settled by any three or more of the said Commission-

ers, assembled at such Meeting; at which Time the respective Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Re-

ceivers, of the said Rates and Sums of Money to be raised as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to attend,

with proper Books of Accounts of his or their Receipts and Disbursements, and all Vouchers for the fame ;

and upon Confederation and Examination thereof upon Oath (which Oath any one of the said Commit

(ioners at such Meeting is hereby impowered to administer) the said Commissioners, or any three or more

of them, are hereby impowered to allow, pass, and sign the said Accounts, or such Part or Parts of the

fame as they shall fee just and reasonable; and such Accounts, or such Part or Parts of them as shall be fb

allowed, passed, and signed, shall be fairly entered in such Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose as

aforesaid, by the said Commissioners, or any one of them, or by their Clerk; and the said Book or Books

shall and may at all Times be inspected and perused at feasonable Hours, without Fee or Reward, by any

Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any of the said Low Lands hereby directed to be drained

and preserved.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Rules, Orders, ami Proceedings of the said Commissioners,

or any of them, in the Execution of this Act, shall be entered in a Book or Bocks to be kept for that Pur-

pose; and such Rules, Orders, and Proceedings, when entered, shall be signed by the said Commissioners,

or any three or more of them, and the Clerk to the said Commissioners is hereby required to set his Name

as a’.Witness thereto: And the said Rules, Orders, and Proceedings, so signed and attested, shall be deemed

and taken to be original Rules, Orders, and Proceedings; and {ball and may be produced and read in Evi-

dence in all causes of Appeal, Suits, Actions, or other Proceedings, touching any Thing done in pur-

suance of this Act: And such Book or Books shall and may be inspected and perused at all feasonable

Hours, without Fee or Reward; and Copies thereof, or £ any Part thereof, may be taken by any Person

■or Personi, paying the said Clerk after the Rate of Thrcerp$flce for every one hundred Words. - 1'

*........- Ccc 2 L- Provided

Commissioftco

not to be per-

fonally, or their

Estates, subject

to any Costs or

Charges by

Means of their

acting in the

Execution of

this Act.

Dist*ert not un-

lawful for Want

of Form.

Personi may

recover, in case

of Irregularity in

Distress, for Spe-

cial Damage j

but not after

Amends ten*

dcred.

Books of Ac-

count to be kept.

Accounts to be

p?fl'ed yearly, of

oftener.

Roles and Or.

ders to be en-

tered in Books,

and figoed j

and may be

given in fcvi*

dence.

