356

of 15 per Cent,

of rhe Duty pay-

able thercoi by

ao Act of 3t

Geo. II.

The laid Duty to

be raised, levied,

&c. agreeable to

the Directions

contained in the

Malt Act of this

Scilion*

New Duties to

be paid into the

Exchequer

weekly j

to be kept sept-

J»te from all

other Duties!

and to be applied

in Payment of

the Annuities

granted by the

JLottery Act of

this Session.

Preamble.

Act it Geo.

111. recited.

and furl her con-

tinued (i xc«ry t as

altfr exceoftd)

foi lcsen Years.

C. 26. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Rate, Duty, and Impofi*

tioti, of fifteen Pounds per Centum upon the Produce or Amount of the Duty payable on Malt, by an Act,

made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late M^ptfty King George the Second, intituled, An Act

for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Malt \ and for raising the Sum of eight Millions by way of An-

nuities, and a Lottery, to be charged, on the said Duties ; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of Allowances in.

the gauging of Com making into Malt; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets^ Certifi-

cates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, lojf, burnt, or other wise aefboyed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforeftic?, That ti e additional Rate, Duty, and Impo-

fition, of fifteen Pounds per Centum hereby granted, shall be ascertained, secured, raised, collected, levied,

recovered, and paid, in such and the like rorm and Manner, and under such Management, and by the

fame Ways, Means, and Methods, and with such and the like Allowances and Repayments, and Power

of making Compositions, proportionally and according to such Rules, Regulations, and Directions, and

under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, with such Power of Recovery and Mitigation thereof, and

other Powers, as are prescribed, mentioned, or expressed, for or concerning the ascertaining, compound-

ing, securing, managing, raising, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing, and repaying, the

several and respective Duties upon Malt within Great Britain, which were continued and granted to his

Majesty, in and by the said above-recited Act, made in.this present Session of Parliament, or as are con-

tained in any other A St or Acts of Parliament in and by the faicj Act, made in this present Session, men-

tioned or referred unto, or any of them5 and that all and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter, and

Thing, in them, any or either of them, contained or thereby referred unto, shall be in full Force and

Effect, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, for charging, ascertaining, compounding,

securing, managing, raising, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing, and repaying, the said act-

ditionalRate, Duty, and impetition, of fifteen Pounds per Centum hereby granted, and for levying, re*

covering, and mitigating, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and fordoing all other Matters and Things,

as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were specially repeated and re-ena£ted

in the Body of this present Act.

VII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Imposts and Duties

by this ACi granted, shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Hands of the Receiver-general of the

Customs, and to the Cashier of the Excise in England, respectively, for the Time being ; and such Re-

ceiver-general and Cashier respectively shall weekly, to wit, on Wednesday in every Week, if it be notan

Holiday, and if it be, then on the next Day after that is not an Holiday, answer and pay all the Monies

arising by the said additional Imposts and Duties (the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, and answer-

ing the fame, only excepted) into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, distinct and apart from all

other Monies which such Receiver-general and Cashier respectively shall receive for the Use of his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept^ in

the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies

arising from the said several Imposts and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be en-

tered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs ancf Successors,

.Upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, as aforesaid,

shall, together with such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as shall be granted by an/ Act or Acts of this

Session of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such

other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session

of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for e/lablish-

ing a Lottery.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to continue and amend 'an Act, made in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the White Herring Fishery.

4 TX THERE AS by an Act, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (inti-

4 VV tuled. An Act for the Encouragement of the White Herring Fishery), it was enacted, for the better

4 Regulation of the said Trade, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Management thereof,

1 That, from and after the twenty-second Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one,

.4 a Bounty of thirty Shillings per Ton should be paid annually, in Manner as in the said Act is provided

4 for, to the Owner ar Owners of all deckt Vessels from twenty to eighty Tons Burthen, that should be

4 fitted out and employed in the said Fishery, in Manner, and under the Regulations mentioned in the far'd-

4 AC!, and that for the Space and Term of seven Years from and after the said twenty-second Dav of

4 October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and to the End of the then next ensuing Session

4 of Parliament: And whereas thufaid Fishery is of the greatest Importance to the Nation, by promoting

4 useful Industry, providing for great Numbers of poor People, and serving as a Nursery for Seamen; but

4 the fame cannot be carried on without the Aid of a Bounty, and as a Prolongation of the above-recited

4 Act (which expires at the End of this present Session of Parliament) will be of great Advantage to the

4 Public*’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and he it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

the said Act, and all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, and Penalties, therein contained (except as herein-

after is excepted), shall, from and after the Term therein mentioned, be, and the fame are hereby granted

and continued for and during the further Term of seven Yeais, and from thence to the End of the then

2 IK X t

.

