39® C. 43.

Anno decimo nono Georg 11 III.

A. D.

1779.

sony John Meeds, Henry Mowbray^ Gentlemen; Robert Neve, James Neve, James Naufl, Gentlemen;

Timothy Overton, Titus Overton, Edward Overton, John Or id. Gentlemen; Charles Pilkington, Esquire;

George Patterson, Paul Pell, William Pinder, William Pennell, Samuel Paddifon, Edward Pinney, Thomas

Perrin, Thomas Parrot, Samuel Carter Pettener, Thomas Phillips, Peter Packharnifs, Gentlepien; William

Stock dale,

Stopford, Clerks ; John Steihenfon, Benjamin Stephenson, Jojcph Sutton, John Smith, 1

Uam Simpson, Anthony Squire, John Searles, William Hirjl Simpson, tViltiam Stotherd, Jeremiah Sutton, Charles

Starmer, Robert Shear down, Peter Sers, Richard Shepherd, John Sewell, John Shepherd, William Smith, An-

thony Spur, Joseph Skinner, Robert Ste/ling, Phineas Street, Noble Thor nley Sherrard, Gentlemen; JohnChrich-

loe Turner, Edmund Turner, Edmund Turner the younger, Esquires ; John Thorrold\ MD. James Tnyton

the younger, Richard Taylor, Thomas Taylor, Robert Tr afford, William Thifllewood, WilliamTayUr, Samuel

Thompson, Thomas Thorrold, Samuel Trevor% William Thacker, Stephen Thornell, George Turner, Thomas Tim-

herland, John Taylor, Samuel Trout, Samuel Trout the younger, John Thompson, John Uttin, Gentlemen;

Robert Viner, Esquire; Edward Walls, Esquire ; Samuel WhitinClerk ; William Wheatley, Richard IVat-

son, John Wight man the younger, John Wray, Timothy Wayet, Kichard Wright, William Wtlkinfon, Thomas

Wayet, Edmund Wayet, Francis Ward, John Wtlkinfon, Samuel Walker, John Waters the younger, William

Would, James Whitworth, Nicholas WrtggleJworth. Ayscough Wrigglesworth, Thomas Wi/fon, Thomas Walker,

George Wileockfart, Richard Wharfe, Elmitt Walejby, Thomas Walker, Daniel Waldgrave, Hugh Wetimm,

James Wilkinson, John Whiting, John Wilby, and William White the younger. Gentlemen ; shall be, and

Commissioners

constituted a

Court of Re-

questf.

Timet of Meet-

ing.

For wantof

(efficient Num-

ber to a£tf Court

to be adjourned

to another Day.

Commissioners

Power*.

When Coraimf*

fionertdie, or

neglect to *£>,

new one* to be

chosen.

Firit Clerks, and

Serjeant 1.

they are hereby declared, constituted, and appointed Commissioners to hear and determine all such causes

•nd Matters of Debt as are herein-after mentioned ; and such Commissioners and their Successors are here-

by constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name and Stile of The Court of Requejls for the Soake of Horn-

castle, and Wapentakes of Wraggoe, Gartree, Louth Efke, Ludborough, and Calceworth, and Parishes of

Wrangle, Leake, Leverton, Bcnington, Butterwick, Freifton, and Fishtoft, in the County of Lincoln;

and they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and are hereby authorised. im-

powered, and required to meet, assemble, and hold the said Court in the several Towns of Horncastle, Wrag-

by, Tatterjhall, Louth, Alford, Saltfleet, and Parish of Freiston, once a Month; (to wit) at Wragby and

Saltfleet, on every Friday Month ; and at Horncastle, Tatterjhall, Louth, Alford, and Freifton, on every

Thursday Month, or oftener, if there shall be Occasion, in a Court-house, or some convenient Place

within each of the said Towns and Parish, to be provided by the major Part of the Commissioners who shall

be assembled at some General Meeting to be held for that Purpose; which General Meeting of the said

Commissioners shall be held at each of the said Totfns of Horncastle, Wragby, fatterJball, Louth, Alford,

and Saltfleet, and Parish of Freiston, on the Thursday and Friday Six Weeks next after the passing of this

Act, and ffaall continue to be held on the same Days in every Month throughout the Year: Provided that

no Court shall be holden on Goodfriday, or on Christmas-day, when Christmas day {hall fall on a Thursday

or Friday, in either of which Cafes the Court shall be holden on the next preceding Day.

II. Provided nevertheless. That in case three or more of the said Commissioners, appointed or to be ap-

pointed by virtue of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to assemble on any of the Days appointed for holding

the said Court, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Clerks of the said Court,

or their or any of their Deputy or Deputies for the Time being, to adjourn the said Court to some other

convenient Day, within one Week from the Day on which the said Court ought to have been held, or till

^he General Court Day then next following.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Commissioners so named and appointed, and

their Successors, to be chosen as herein-after mentioned, or any three or more of them, from Time to

Time assembled as aforesaid, shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to hear and determine

all such causes and Matters of Debts as shall be brought before them in Manner as hereafter is men?

tioned, and to give such Judgments, and to make such interlocutory and final Orders and Decrees therein,

and to award such Execution thereupon, with Cofis, both against: the Bodies and the Goods and Chattels

of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give or make any such Judgment, Order,

or Decree, as to them shall seem just, and most agreeable to Equity and good Confidence; and if the

Commissioners so assembled shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question that may come before

them, the Commissioner present, whose Name stands first on the Lift of* the Commissioners directed to be

kept in the Court-house or Place where they shall respectively meet, shall have the calling Vote.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time, as often as it (halt

be necessary, either by the Death of any of the said Commissioners herein-before particularly named, or of

any of their Successors to be chosen in Manner herein-afcer mentioned, or by his or their refusing or ne-

gleding, for the Space of six Calendar Months, to act herein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the

Commissioners hereby appointed, and such their Successors, or any five or more of them, to meet and

assemble together at any Time after such Death, Refusal, or Neglect to act, and to elect and appoint one

or more Commissioner or Commissioners in the Stead and Place of such Commissioner or Commissioners

dying or refusing to act; and every such Commissioner so elected and appointed shall be, and is hereby en-

abled to act in the Execution of the Powers granted to the Commissioners hereby appointed, as fully and

effVftually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they had been particularly named in this Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That Richard Clitherow and Thomas Walker,

Gentlemen, shall be, and are hereby constituted and appointed Clerks of the said Court of Requests to be

held at Horncastle, Wragby, and Tatterjhall; that Charles IVigclsworth, Gentleman, shall be, and is hereby

constituted and appointed Clerk of the said Court of Requests to be held at Louth; and that Wiliam

Camley, Gentleman, shall be, and is hereby constituted and appointed Clerk of the said Court of Requests

5 '*

