*7i

A.D. 1777. Anno ckeimo leptimo Georgii III. C. 69,

sioners not to take Notice of any Complaint, till Application has been made to the Proprietors,

44 How Persons giving false Evidence shall be punished. Upon the Payment or Tender of Monies assessed,.

44 Premises to be veiled in the Company, &c. Verdicts, &c. shall be recorded, and allowed to be good*

44 Evidence* After Payment of Sums assessed, and Entry of Verdicts, &c. Mills, Lands, &c. purchased.

44 to be veiled in the Company. 'Purchase-money due to Corporations, &c+ to be laid out in the Purchafo

44 of Estates subject to the same Uses, Zffc.; and, till such Purchases shall be made, to be put out at In-

44 terest. The Commissioners to settle the Proportions of Money to be allowed to Tenants. In Default

*c of Payment of Money for Damages, the Rates to be liable; or.it may be recovered at Law. If Da-

44 mages, 12c. are not paid out of the Tolls, they may be levied by Distress of the Company's Goods.

*4 If yearly Rents are not regularly paid, how they may be recovered. Persons destroying the Work^

44 guilty of Felony. Penalty on Persons obstructing the Works. Lands, &c, purchased by the Com-

4X pany veiled in them. Money subscribed, Cfc. and Effects for carrying on the Navigation, veiled in the

44 Company. Company may raise 15,400/. amongst themselves. Application thereof. The Subfcrip-

44 tion-money to be divided into 154. Shares; which shall Jbe deemed personal Ellate. Every Subscriber

44 of an 154th Share to be a Proprietor. Proprietors to have a Vote for each Share, not exceeding seven.

44 Proprietors may raise amongst themselves, if necessary, 7,700/.more; or borrow the fame, and

“ assign over the Navigation, tsfc. as a Security. Form of Assignment No Preference of one Assignee

4‘ before another- Alignments to be entered, and may be transferred. Form of Transfer. Transfers to

44 be entered, &c. Interest to be paid for Money borrowed before Works are finished. No Person to act

41 as a Proprietor who has not one whole Share. AIEgnmeqts to be considered 2s real Securities. No

44 Assignee deemed a Proprietor. Interest to be paid yearly: How to be recovered. General AlTerr)bli<^

44 of Proprietor* to be held annually. A Committee to be chosen, and Officers. Committee to be under

44 Controul of the General AITerably, and to be appointed annually. Meetings of Proprietors may be

.<4 called upon Emergencies. General Assemblies to consist of fifty Shares. Proprietors not meetings to

44 forfeit 5 s. for each Share. General Assemblies may audit and-settle Accounts. General Affcmbiy, or

44 Committee, may make Calls, &c Proprietors to pay Money called for. If the first Call is not paid,

44 Company may sue for the same. Penalty on neglecting to answer future Calls. No Share to be for-

44 feited, till Declaration thereof at a General Auembly. Power in General Assemblies to make Bye-

44 laws, and to impose Fines on Offenders. When Sublcribew die, before Shares completed, Executors,

44 &c. may complete the same How to proceed when there is a Deficiency of Assets, &c. How Shares

44 may be disposed of Shares may be transferred. Form of Transfer. Shares not to be sold after any

44 Call made, till it is completed. Books to be kept for entering the Proceedings of the Company Com-

44 missioners Accounts and Orders to be entered by the Clerk; which shall be admitted as Evidence.

44 Books to be locked up. Commissioners Clerk may be removed. Company impowered to take Ton-

44 nage For every Quarter of Wheat, Rye, Beans, or Pease, 6d.: For every Quarter of Malt, 4 d.:

44 For every Quarter of Barley, ^or other Graiu not before enumerated, 5 d, 5 and so in Proportion for any

44 greater or lets Quantities : For every Ton of Coal and Coke, is. 6 d.: For every Ton of Slate, 6 d. ;

44 r or every Ton of Goods, Wares, and Merchandise whatsoever, not before specified, except Gravel,

44 Stone, and other Materials to be used for the making Roads, is.: And for every Ton of LimeorLime-

44 Hones, 1 d. per Mile ; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity or Weight: And one hun-

44 dred and twenty Pounds Weight avoirdupois shall be deemed one hundred Weight. Coals, iffc. from

44 Hallam Collieries, if any Cut shall be made from thence, to pay 9 d per Ion, and Merchandise, &c. 1 x*

44 Rates to be fixed at the first General Assembly, and may be afterwards altered. Proviso. How the

44 Rates may be recovered. Duties exempted from the Payment of Taxes. Mailers of Vessels to give

44 just Accounts of their Lading. On Negle£l, to forfeit 5/. In case of Difference concerningr the

44 Weight of Goods, Vessels to be detained, and Goods weighed, Canal, &c. to be free, onray-

44 ment of the Rates. The Company to provide Gates, Stiles, Bridges, fcfr. In case the Works are

44 damaged by Floods, the Company may enter on adjoining Lands, and dig Stones, &c. to repair the

44 fame; making Recompence for Damages. Coals, found in digging the Canal, to be taken away

44 by Land-owners. Proprietors of Mines may cut Drains to discharge the Water, £sV. Restrictions on

44 draining and working of Mines. Mines may be worked, in certain Cafes, beyond the Limits before

44 prescribed. Company's Agents may enter Lands or Coal-pits, to view the Works, &c Owners of

44 Coal-mines lying under the Canals, &c. desirous of working, to give Notice to the Company. If

44 Company restrain the Owners from working the said Mines, they shall pay them the Value thereof.

44 Disputes to be settled by the Commissioners, &c. Owners of Mines may make Cuts through their

44 own Lands, iffc. Company to tpke a Lezfe for 99 Years of the Rev. Mr. Chambers's Corn-mil!; or

44 to purchase the fame. If Parties disagree, a Jury to be summoned, £?V. Lords of Manors, &c. may

44 make Wharfs, or erect Warehouses, &C. on their own Lands. Rates of Wharfage. Owners to caul®

44 their Names to be painted on the Ouifides of Vessels, and to cause Vessels to be incafured, Owners,

44 for Negleil, to forfeit 5 /. Boat mailer or Owner made answerable for all Damage done by the Crew.

44 Proper Places to be made for Boats to turn and lie in for other Boats to pass by. Regulations to be

44 observed in passing the Locks, on Penalty of 5/. Commissioners to regulate the mooring of Vessels.

44 Proviso. Penalty on causing Obstructions by Vessels. Vessels funk in the Canal to be immediately

44 weighed. Persons floating Timber, or overloading Vessels, £sV. to forfeit 5 /. Commissioners not to

44 a St where interfiled. Persons throwing Ballast into the Canal, to forfeit t A Canal not to be under

44 the Power of Commissioners of Sewers. Persons on Board having Nets or Guns, not being qualified,

44 to forfeit 40s.; and the Mailer, tsfe. permitting the fame, to forfeit 5 A When Commissioners die,

44 or refuse to act, new ones to be chosen. Qualification of Comm ffioners. Persons act;ng, not being

44 qualified, to fotfeit 50/. each. Commissioners to be sworn. The Oath. Commissioners who are JuU

44 uces may act as such. Commissioners not to hold Places of Profit, CtV. How special Meetings of the

- 7 Coramiilioncw

