Twenty l)ays

Notice to be

given of bor-

rowing Money*

Annuities to be

granted accord-

ing to the Age

of the Annui-

tants.

S 1. per Cent.

i H>1. perCent.

When Annui-

tants die, Conte

n on Council

may grant other

Annuities.

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 18.

paid half-yearly, by the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, put of the Monies to arise by

or from the said Tolls and Duties, or any other Money which shall be recovered or received under or by

virtue of this Act, and paid into the Office of the said Chamberlain.

XXX. Provided always, That no Money shall be borrowed by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Com-

mons, of the City of London* on the Credit of any of the said Tolls or Duties, or Premises, as aforesaid,

unless Notice be for that Purpose given in the London Gazette* and also fixed in Writing, under the Hand

of such Person or Persons as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, or by any Committee to be by

them appointed, shall direct, at or upon all the Toll-houses and Toll-gates then erected or made, by vir-

tue of this Act, at lead twenty Days before the borrowing of such Money.

4 XXXI. And whereas many Persons may choose to advance Money for the Purchase of Annuities, to

‘ be secured upon, and payable out of the said Tolls and Duties \ be it further enacted. That it shall and

may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay, into the Office of the

Chamberlain of the City of London, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum

of fifteen thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, for the natural

Life or Lives of such Person or Persons, being of the Age of forty-five Years or upwards, as shall be no-

minated by or on Behalf of such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively, at the respective Times of Payment

of their respective Purchase-monies; which Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed the Rate of eight Pounds

per Centum per Annum 5 or for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, for the natural

Life or Lives of such Person or Persons, being of the Age of sixty Years or upwards, as shall be so no

minated; which last Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum ‘w

all which Annuities so to be purchased shall be payable and paid by the Chamberlain of the said City for

the Time being, out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Tolls or Duties, granted and made pay-

able by this Act, by four equal Quarterly Payments in the Year, the first Payment to be made to the re-

spective Purchasers, or their Affiens, at the Expiration of the first Quarter after Payment of their respective

Purchase-monies : And that the Rates of such Annuities respectively shall be settled and adjusted by public

Sale of such Annuities, by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled,

or by any Committee by them to be appointed, to the best Bidders for the fame.

XXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted. That when and as often as any of the Per-

fons, for whose Life or Lives any Annuity or Annuities shall or may be purchased by virtue of of under

this Act, shall happen to die, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Com-

mons, of the City of London, in Common Council affiembled, or any Committee by them to be appointed,

to fell and grant one or more Annuity or Annuities for the Life or Lives of any other Nominee or No-

minees, upon the Terms aforesaid, so that the whole Amount of Monies paid for the Purchase of such

Annuities then actually existing do not exceed the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds; any Thing hereinf-

before-contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. Provided always, That the whole

Money to be borrowed under or by virtue of this Act, either by Annuities or Loan, shall not exceed the

Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds.

XXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted. That the Clerk for the Time being of such Committee or

Committees, as shall be appointed as herein-after is mentioned, shall enter in a Book or Books, to be for

that Purpose provided and kept by the Clerk of the said Committee or Committees, all Securities for

Monies borrowed, pr Annuities granted, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and all Alignments and

Transfers thereof; expressiing inWords at Length the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode,

and other Descriptions, of all such Persons as shall, from Time to Time, be intitled to such Securities,

and the Sums received upon such Securities; and also the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode,

and other Descriptions, of the Persons for whose Lives the said Annuities shall be respectively granted, and

the Days whereon the said Annuities respectively shall be payable; to which Book and Books the Person

and Persons intitled to, or interested in such Annuities, shall at all feasonable Times in the Day-time have

Access, with free Liberty to insped the fame, without Fee or Reward.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every of the Annuities,

so to be purchased under or by virtue of this Act, shall be, and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid

and payable, from Time to Time, out of the Tolls and Duties granted or made payable by virtue or in

pursuance of this Act ; and all and every the Purchaser and Purchasers of such Annuities, duly paying the

Consideration or Purchase-money for the fame as aforesaid, or such Person or Persons as he, (he, or they

‘(hall appoint, his, her, or their respective Assignee or Affiignecs, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be

intitled, by virtue of this Act* to have, receive, and enjoy, the said respective Annuity or Annuities,

during the Term of the natural Life or Lives of the Person or Persons to be nominated by each such Pur-

chafer and Purchasers respectively, as before mentioned; and that all and every such Purchaser and Pur-

chafers, and their Assigns respectively, shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefeasible Estates and In-

terefts in the Annuities so by them respectively purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of

this Act; and that none of the said Annuities shall be subjedor liable to any Tax affidled upon Land, by and not liable to

Authority of Parliament, or to any other parliamentary or parochial Tax whatsoever. *ny Tax.

XXXV. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Securitie* may

intitled to any of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, be transferred,

at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands respectively, to assign or

transfer such Securities, by Indorsement thereon, or otherwise, to any Person or Persons whomsoever,

and so toties quot'us 5 and such Assignments or Transfers, after they shall respectively be entered by the

Clerk of the said Committee or Committees, in Manner aforesaid, for every which Entry the said Clerk

shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall intitle the Person or Persons to

whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and

Assigns, cq the Benefit of the Security or Securities so affiigned or transferred.

M 2 XXXVI. And

Clerk of Com*

mit’ce to rnicr

all Securities far

Monies bor-

rowed or An-

nuitxs granted,

sc c.

Annuities char-

ged on rhe

Tolls, &c.

