554

in, or ifrpo*ted

into Scotl »nd, to

fee uncrr 'he

Comm JTionera

in Scoland.

Monies arifin? by

the lj»rl Duties so

be paid into < he

F.xchequer apart

from alt others.

A 'd.tional Duty

on Rum, &c. to

be paid as the

former Duties,

An additional

Duty of 5 per

Cent, to be laid

on all the before

mentioned Du-

ties j

which /hall be

collected and

, paid, See* agree-

able to 19 Geo#

HI. Cap. aj.

After July 5,

1780. 5 s. to be

paid for every Li-

cence for felling

Coffee, Tea, or

Chocolate

and no Perfrn to

fell any of the

said Goods with-

out having taken

cut such Licence.

Who ft all grant

such Licence* in

tEogland;

and who in Scot-

land.

How Licence*

' are to be renew-

‘ ed.

Penalty on fell-

ing Cotfre, fcc.

without a Li-

cence.

C. 35. Anno vicesimo Gbough III. A.D. 1780.

Management of the Commissioners of the Excise in Scotland for the Time being;'and the said respective

Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, have hereby Power, by Commission Under their

respedVive Hands and Seals, to constitute and appoint under them such Officers as shall be necessary in that Be-

half; and all Monies arising by the said Duties in Great Britain, or any Part thereof (the necessary Charges

of railing and accounting for the fame excepted), shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of

His Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster, distindtly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenue,

subject and liable to the Uses and Purposes herein-after mentioned. -

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the additional Rate or Duty

hereby charged upon Rum or Spirits, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the British Sugar

Plantations, imported into this Kingdom, shall be paid and payable in such Manner only,v and under

such Regulations and Restrictions, as the Rates and Duties of Excise heretofore charged on such Rum or

Spirits are now by Law paid and payable.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several additional Duties herein-

before granted on Malt, on low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, and on Spirituous Liquors

imported into Great Brttainy shall be moreover subject and liable to an additional Duty or Impost of five

Pounds per Centum on the Produce and Amount thereof; and that such additional Duty or Impost shall be

raised and levied, colle<Sted and paid, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulat ions, Powers

and Authorities, Ways and Means, Penalties and Forfeitures, as the additional Duty or Charge of five

Pounds per Centum^ granted to his Majesty by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An

Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management

of the respefiive Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain, are directed to be collected and

paid* and all Monies arising by the additional Duty or Impost of five Pounds/>*r Centum, by this Act im-

posed (the necessary Charges of raifsng and accounting for the fame excepted), shall, from Time to Time,

be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, distindtly and apart from all other Branches of the

public Revenues, subject and liable to the Uses and Purposes herein-after mentioned.

XIII.-And, for the more effectual raising the said Supply granted to his said Majesty/ be it further enacted

by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of fuly, one thousand seven hundred and

eighty, there shall be paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Duty of five Shillings for any

Licence to be taken out, in Manner herein-after mentioned, by each Person trading in, felling or vending,

Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate, or either of them.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of

July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, no Person or Persons whatsoever, who now, or at any Time

or Times hereafter, doth or shall trade in, fell or vend, any Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate, shall prelume,

by him, her, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, employed by him, her, or

them, for his, her, or their Benefit, either publicly or privately, to trade in, fell or vend any Coffee,-Tea,

or Chocolate, or either of them, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose in Manner herein-

after mentioned, before he, she, or they shall trade in, fell or vend any Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate; for

which Licence he, she, or they, shall, immediately upon taking out thereof, pay down for the fame the

Sum of five Shillings, in Manner following; that is to say. If such Licence be taken out within the

Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, then such Licence shall be granted under the Hands and

Seals of two or more of his Majesty’s Commissioners for the Duties of Excise for the Time being, or of

such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose,

and the Duty for the fame shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in London; but if such Licences

shall be taken out in any Part of England or Wales not within the said Limits, then such Licences to be

granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Subervifors of Excise, within their respec-

tive Collections and Distridls; and the said Duty of five Shillings shall be paid for the fame to the ColJedlor

of Excise within whose Collection such Licence shall be so granted: And in case such Licence shall be taken

Out within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, such Licence shall be granted under the Hands and Seals

of two or more of his Majesty’s Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being, or of such Per-

son or Persons as.the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland shall from Time to Time appoint for that Pur-

pose, and the Duties for the fame shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh; bVit if such

Licence shall be taken out in any other Part of Scotland, without the Limits aforesaid, then such Licences

1 shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise within their

respective Collections and Distridls, and the Duties for the fame shall be paid to the Collectors of Excise

within whose Collection such Licence shall be so granted; and such respective Commissioners of Excise,

and the Persons so to be appointed by them respectively, and also all such Collectors, are hereby respee-

tively authorised and required to grant and deliver such Licences to the Persons who shall apply for the

fame, upon their Payment of five Shillings for each Licence. -t, ,

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons who shall

take out any such Licence as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fresh Licence ten Days at

lead before the Expiration of twelve Calendar Months after taking out the first Licence, before he, (he,

or they do presume to trade in, fell or vend, any C< ffee, Tea, or Chocolate; and in the same Manner to

renew every such Licence from Year toYear, paying down the like Sum of five Shillings for each and

every new or renewed Licence, in Manner, and at the Places and l imes before mentioned: And if any

Person or Persons shall, after the said fifth Day of Ju!y, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, presume

or offer to trade in, fell or vend, any Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate, without first taking out such Licence,

and renewing the fame yearly in Manner aforesaid, he, she, or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the

' Sum of twenty Pounds for each Offence.

XVI. Provided

