A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgij III. C. 64, 6$. 293

carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any fiek, ftc. exempted

wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers ; and no Carriages so employed shall be subject to be weighed at

any Engine erected, or to be erected, upon any Turnpike Road, or the Owner or Driver thereof liable to ,ot lwblTtote

any Penalty or Forfeiture for carrying any greater Weight than is or may be allowed by Law to be con- weighed,

veyed in any such Carriage, any Act of Parliament made or to be made to the contrary hereof notwith-

standing.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one million, for the Ufcs and Purposes therein

mentioned.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Earl of Chatham, and the Heirs

of the Body of the late William Pitt Earl of Chatham^ to whom the Earldom of Chatham

shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said late Earl ro

his Majesty and the Public,

c Mcft Gracious Sovereign.,

H ERE AS we, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Commons, did unanimously address our- Preamble,

selves to your Majesty, humbly to beseech your Majesty that you would be graciously pleased to

4 bestow fonae signal and lading Mark of your Royal Favour, on the Family of the late It'ilium Pitt Earl

* of Chatham, and to assure your M:<jessy, that whatever, from your Princely Goodness, your Majesty

4 should think proper to be granted, this House, animated bV the Gratitude which they, in common with

4 the rest of your Majesty’s Subjects, feel towards the Memory of that uprigh-t and dinnteicfted Minister,

4 and ambitious of giving a Testimony of their Approbation to that public Virtue and spirited Conduct

4 which directed the Councils of this Country in the last glorious and successful War, would, with the

4 greatest Chearfulness, make good to your Majesty ; to which Address, your Majesty was pleased to re-

4 turn this most gr acious Answer; That your Majesty would take the fame into your Confide ration, and

4 that you would do therein what should appear to your Majesty to be most proper, agreeable to the Desire

4 of your faithful Commons ; and also, by your Majesty’s most gracious Message, to declare, 1 iut your

4 Majesty, being desirous to comply, as speedily as poftlble, with the said Request of your faithful Com-

4 mons, had given Directions for the granting to the present Earl of Chatham, and to the Heirs of the Body

4 of the late William Pitt, to whom the Earldom of Chatham shall defeend, an Annuity of four thousand

4 Pounds per Annum, out of the Civil List Revenue; but that your Majesty, not having it in your Power

4 to extend the Effects of the said Grant beyond the Term of your Majesty’s Life, recommended it to the

4 House to consider of a proper Method of extending, securing, and annexing the fame to the Earldom of

4 Chatham, in such Manner as should be thought most effectual for the Benefit of the Family of the said

4 William Pitt Earl of Chatham :* We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of

Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, duly considering your Majesty’s most gracious Intention, do most

humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament afi'embled, and by the Authority of the same, That in Lieu of the said Annuity of four An Annujty of

thousand Pounds per Annum, so directed to be granted to the present Earl of Ch thorn, and to the Heirs of 4}00ol.per

the Body of the late William Pitt, to whom the Earldom of Chatham shall defeend, as afore said, one Ai.nu- Annum to be

ity or ye arly Rent or Sum of four thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Bitain, shall be issuing and p-*i<h ootofthe

payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the Duties and Revenues which compose the Fund com- Aggregate Fund,

monly called 7he Aggregate Fund, and every or any of them (after paying, or rclerving sufficient to pay, all Chatham

such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid the H-ir^Maie

out of the fame, but with Preference to all other Payments which (ha!) or may hereafter be charged upon, of the Ute Wil-

or payable out of, the said Aggregate Fund); and the fame shall from Time to Time be paid quarterly, in hjrn l>i?t E^rlof

Manner and Form following ; that is to say. To John now Earl of Chatham, and to the Heirs Male of the

Body of the late William Pitt Earl of Chatham begotten, to whom the said Tide, Honour, and Dignity of Trie^h-iO

Earl of Chatham shall defeend ; which said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum shall commence and take KiFect defeenj.

from the fifth Day of July, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and ThefriJ Anna*

fLall be paid and payable at the four usual Days of Payment in the Year, that is to say, the tenth Day of il)’,0 bc Pjd

October, the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, and the fifth Day o( July, by even and equal Benton

Portions ; the first Payment thereof to be made at the tenth Day of October, in the Year of our Lord one 0'^#

thousand seven hundicd and seventy-eight.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be xhe Earl of

lawful to and for the said John Earl of Chatham, and the Heirs Male of the Body of his Father, the said late Chatham, &c.

William Earl of Chatham, for the Time being, to whom the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum shall empoweredto

defeend, being at the Age of twenty-one Years, or above, by any Deed or Deeds in Writing to assign, charge the said

limit, or appoint, any Part of the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, not exceeding the Sum of one ^,tila

thousand Pounds yearly, by way of Jointure or Provision for any Woman or Women which he or they j°ooooi!yearly,

respedHvely shall happen to marry or take to Wife, for the Life or Lives of such Wife or Wives; but

that the said Annuity shall not be charged or chargeable with more than one such Jointure at any owe

Time.

Vol. XIII. Part II. CLq III. And

