A. D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C. 49.

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, the said in Part recited Act, of the twelfth Year of the

Reign of King Charles the Second, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to permit any Goods or

Commodities whatsoever, of the Growth or Production of Africa, Acts, or America, which shall be in

any Degree mantifaftured in foreign Parts, to_be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain,

Ireland or the Islands of Guernfy, Jersey, or Many except and unless the fame shall be so manufactured

in the Country or Place of which the said Goods and Commodities are the Growth and Production, or in

the Place where such Goods and Commodities can only or are first shipped for Transportation, and from

no other Place or Country whatsoever, under the Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Act mentioned; any

Ciiftom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

11. Provided neverrh^less. That this Act shall not restrain or prohibit the Importation of Oil of Cloves,

Oil of Cinnamon, Oil of Mace, and Oil of Nutmegs, or of any Goods or Commodities which are per-

mitted to be imported into this Kingdom, under particular Circumstances and Restrictions, by any sub-

sequent Act or Acb of Parliament which are now in Force.

4 III. And whereas Ships and Vessels arriving at the Port of London from Holland and Flanders, and other

4 foreign Parts, and also Ships and Vessels outward bound from the said Port to foreign Parts, are frequently

• removed from the lawful Quays, or out of the Stream, to lie at Anchor close to the Back doors of the

4 Houses of the Matters of such Vessels, or at the Public Houses frequented by such Matters on the Side of

• the River Thames, before they are discharged and cleared by the proper Officers of the Customs, whereby

4 Cambrics, Lace, India Silks, and other prohibited Goods, are very often.run from on board such Vessels,

4 to the Detriment of the Revenue and fair Trader; for Remedy whereof for the future/ be it enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the flift Day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-nine, if any Ship or Vessel, coming or arriving from foreign Parts, within the Limits of the Port

of London, shall be removed out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays, before all the Goods are dif-

charged out of such Ship or Vessel; or if any Ship or Vessel, outward-bound from the said Port of London

to any foreign Parts, having any Goods or Merchandise on board thereon, shall, during her Continuance

in the said Port, be so removed out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays, unless upon any Accident

or emergent Occasion, immediately to be made known to the Commissioners or Principal Officers of his

Majesty’s Customs, and their Consent for those respective Purposes obtained ; the Matter, Purser, or other

Pet Ion taking Charge of every such Ship or Vefl'el, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds

for each and every such respective Offence; one Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall inform, pro-

fetute, or sue for the same, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster.

4 IV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present

4 Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and ejhiblijlnng public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull y for

4 the better securing his Majesty s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the Port of King-

4 fton upon Hull ; for making a Bason or Docky with Reservoirsy Sluices, Reads, and other Works, for the

• Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to his Majesty, and

4 for applying certain Sums of Money out of his Majesty s Customs at the said Portyfor those Purposes ; and for

4 establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Pirt of Kingston upon Hull ; it is, amongst

4 other Things, enacted. That no Person whatsoever shall have or keep, or cause to be had or kept, any

4 Fire, Candle, or Lamp, lighted (except in the Manner in the* said Act for that Purpose mentioned) on

4 board any Ship or Vessel within the Haven, Dock, or Bason, by the said Act directed to be made, in the

4 said Port of Kingston upon Hull (the Vessels employed as Ferry-boats only excepted), at any Time or

4 Times whatsoever, between the twenty-ninth Day of September and the twenty-fifth Day of March, in every

4 Year, after the Hour of Seven in theEvening, and before the Hourof Seven in the Morning; nor at any Time

4 or Times whatsoever, between the twenty-fifth Day of March and the twenty-ninth Day of September,

4 in every Year, after the Hour of Eight in the Evening, or before the Hour of Five in the Mornings upon

4 Pain of forfeiting, for every Offence, the Sum of three Pounds : And whereas, in order to prevent the

4 ‘clandestine running of customable and prohibited Goods from on board Ships or Vessels in the Night, it

4 is absolutely necessary that the Tidefmen, and other Officers of his Majesty’s Customs and Excise, fta-

4 tioned on board, and appointed to guard such Vessels for the Security of the public Revenues, should

4 have Liberty to use Lights, properly secured, during their Stay on board, as Occasion may require / be

it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Act, or any Part thereof, shall not

extend, or be construed to extend, to restrain or prohibit any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs

or Excise from using lighted Candles on board any Ship or Veil'd in the said Haven, Dock, or Baffin, in

such Lanthorns, guarded, or properly secured against Accidents of Fire, as the Collector of his Majesty’s

Customs, and the Collector or other principal Officer of Excise, and the Governor or Chairman of the

Dock Company at the Port of Kingston upon Hully shall at any Time think proper to direct and approve

of for that Purpose ; nor shall any such Officer or Officers be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture for having

or keeping, or causing to be,had or kept, such Lights, in Lanthorns secured as aforesaid, on board such

Ship or Vessel; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to prevent Abuses in the Payment of Wages to Persons employed in the Bone and

Thread Lace Manufactory.

4 TT WHEREAS the Practice of paying Persons employed in the making of Bone and Thread Lace, rn

• VV the Whole or in Part, with Goods instead of Money, is a great Injury ro the Lace*makers, and

• tends to the Discouragement of the Lace Manufacture: And whereas it would tend to encourage the

6 4 Manufacture

411

Explanation ef

Part of the UU

a a.

Certain Good*,

the Importation

whereof it not

prohibited by

this Act,

Penalty on Mat-

ters of Shipj re-

moving their

Ve fit Is cut of

the Stream, ex-

cept to the law-

ful Quays, In

the P«*rto» Lon-

don, bef. re the

Goods are dif-

charged, &c.

Recital of an

Act 14 Geo. Ill*

The said Act

not to extend to

restrain any Of-

ficer of the Cnf-

tems or Excise

from uftnjt

Lights on board

any Vcfffl in the

Haven, Sec. of

Kirgfton upon

Hull.

Preamble*

