A.D. 1779. Anno decimo notio Georgii IIIs C. 4$. > 405

quircd to tender and administer the said last-mentioned Declaration to such Minister, upon his offering him-

self to make and subscribe the fame, and thereof to keep a Register; and such Minister shall not give or

pay, as a Fee or Reward to any Officer or Officers belonging to the Court aforesaid, above the bum of

Sixpence for his or their Entry of such Minister’s making and subscribing the said last mentioned Declaration,

and taking the Oaths, and making and subscribing the Declaration against Popery, required by the said

Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of King william and Queen Mary9 to be taken, made, and sub- ,

scribed by Protestant Dissenting, Ministers; nor above the Sum of Sixpence for any Certificate thereof to

b* made out and signed by the Officer or Officers of the said Court; and every such rcrfon, qualifying him- *n<3 ^a,T *-

self as aforesaid, shall be exempted from serving in the Militia of this Kingdom; and {hail, also be ex-

empted from any Imprisonment, or other Punishment, by virtue of an Act, made in the thirteenth and

fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Uniformity of public from any p.mist.

Prayers and Administration of Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies \ and for eflabUjking the Form of nr.ent by virtue

making, ordaining, and confecratingy BishopSy Priefsy and Deacons, in the Church of England , or by an Act: of (h_e of

made in the fifteenth Year of the fame Reign, intituled, An Act for Relief of such Persons as by Sickness, Uniforrmly»&c*

or ether Impediment, were disabled from subscribing the Declaration in the Act of Uniformity, and Explanation

of Part of the said At7; for preaching or officiating in any Congregation of Protestant Diflenteis, for the

Exercise of Religion permitted and allowed by Law.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Dissenting Minister, nor any other 1?j.n?ntfr*

Protestant dissenting from the Church of England, Who shall take the aforesaid Oaths, and make and sub-

feribe the above-mentioned Declaration against Popery, and the Declaration herein-before mentioned, shall fr; fallowed*

be prosecuted in any Court whatsoever, for teaching and instrufting Youth as a Tutor or School-master ; intuit Youth,

any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained*shall extend, or be construed to extend, to No Diffenm*

the enabling of any Person dissenting from the Church of England to obtain or hold the Mastership of any

College or School of Royal Foundation, or of any other endowed College or School for the Education of orTchooi of

Youth, unless the fame shall have been founded since the first Year of the Reign of their late Majesties Royai Founda-

King IVilliom and Queen MarSy for the immediate Use and Benefit of Protestant Dissenters. tion, &c.

4 iV. And whereas it hath been doubted, whether the said Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of The said Act

4 King William and Queen Mary9 be a Public or Private Act be it enacted and declared, That the said* > * Mar.

Act, and also this present Act, mall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be public Acts; and shall be ju- ?od thlS ^p’u°

dicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially U

pleading them, or either of them.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to fell and dispofc

of certain Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary

Tenements, within their Survey, and to encourage the Growth of Timber on Lands

held of the said Duchy.

* XT WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Pmmhlet

4 W Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for advancing the Sale of Fee farm Rents and Rccitil of two

4 other Rents; and by another Act, passed in the twenty-second and twenty-third Years of the fame King, Act»2»and*$

4 intituled, An Act for vefing certain Fee farm Rents and other /mall Rentsy in Trustees; or one of them, all Car.il.

4 the Feeftarm Rents, Rents Service, Rents Seek or Dry Rents, Chantry Rents, Guild Rents, Castle

4 Guard Rents, and other Rents, within the Survey of the Duchy of Lancaster, due and payable to the

4 said late King, his Heirs and Successors (except as therein mentioned), were vested in certain Trustees*

4 and their Heirs, with Powers for them to make Sale thereof, for the Benefit of the said King, his Heirs

4 and Successors, with a Proviso therein contained, that until Sale should be made of the said Rents by

* the said Trustees, the King’s Receivers should collect and receive the same : And whereas, by an A« at* an

4 of the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne9 intituled, An Act for the better Support of 1 Ann*

c her Majesty s Householdy and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, divers wholesome Provisions were

4 made for the Preservation, Improvement, and Increase of the Land Revenues of the Crown, and for

4 preventing the Alienation of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tyth s, Wocds,

4 or other Hereditaments, belonging to her said late Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, wirh a Proviso therein

4 contained, that the said Act should not disable the Trustees for Sale of Fee-farm and other Rents, to

4 execute any theTrufts of the said several Acts of Parliament herein-before mentioned: And whereas

4 federal of the said Rents within the Survey of the said Duchy of Lancaster were fold under the said

4 Authority so given to the said Trustees, but the Residue thereof, consisting of many small Rents, arising

4*and payable in divers Counties, remain unfold, the collecting and Payment whereof is not only charge-

4 able to the Crown, but is troublesome and inconvenient to the Subject \ but forasmuch as the said

4 Trustees, who were fix in Number, are all long since dead, and it has not been discovered which of

4 them was the Survivor, or who is or are the Heir or Heirs of such Survivor, or in whom the legal Eft ite

4 in the said unfold Rents is now vested, for which Reasons no complete Sale thereof can be effVfted,

4 nor a good Title made thereto, without the further Aid of Parliament: And whereas the King’s Ma- v

4 jtfty is feiled to himself, his Heirs and Successors, as Parcel of the Possessions of the said Duchy of

4 Lancaster, of divers Honours, Manors, and Lordfty'ps, within which are divers Tenants holding of his

4 Majesty Customary or CopyhoM Messuages, Lar?ds, and Tenements,.Parcel of the said Honours, Mi-

4 nors, or Lordships, in respect of which said Messuages, Lands, ana Tenements, the faiJ Tenants are

Vo l. XIII. Part III. Ggg subject,

