435

A. D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii IN. C. 58.

recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or by this Act; any Thing in the said

recited Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding. /

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Money shall hereafter be borrowed upon the Credit of the

Rates and Duties authorised to be collected on the said River, or any of them, unleis twenty-one Trustees

at the lead shall be present, and shall concur therein, and unless seven of such Trustees shall be refiJent

in the said County of Hertford, seven within the said County of EJfexy and seven within the said County

of Middlesex and City of London, or one of them ; and that no such Money shall be so borrowed, but at a

Meeting to be holden for that Purpose; of which Meeting one Calendar Month’s Notice at the ieaft shall

be given in some of the public Newspapers circulated in the said Counties, at least three Times before the

botrowing any such Money ; any Thing in the said recittd Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XX. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That no more than the Sum of twenty thousand

Pounds, over and above the said Sum of forty-four thousand three hundred Pounds Principal Money, al-

ready charged on the said Rates, shall hereafter be borrowed on the Credit of the said former Act, or this

present Act ; any Thing in the said former Act, or this Act, to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it

shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any leven or more of them, if they think fit, at the Re-

quest of any Person or Persons to whom any Arrears of Interest, or any Arrears of Annuities, (hill, on the

twenty-fourth Day of juney one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, be due and owing on the Cre-

dit of the said Rates or Duties, to assign over the said Rates or Duties, or any Part thereof, for securing

the Payment of all such Arrears, together with Interest for the fame; and all such Alignments shall be

good, valid, and effectual in the Law, for the Payment of the Money thereby secured, and all Interest to

grow due for the fame, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary hereof in anywise notwith-

iianding: Provided also, That the Sum for which the said Rates and Duties shall be aligned, as herein-

before mentioned, shall be construed and taken to be Part of the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, which

the Trustees are authorised to raise by virtue of this Act.

€ XXII. And, in order to prevent any Waste of Water at any of the Locks, at or near the Places ap-

c pointed for collecting the said Rates or Duties, and for the better Collection thereof;' be it enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That the Collectors of the said Rates or Duties shall, and are hereby authorised

and required, at all Times hereafter, to keep the Gates of the Locks, at or near the several Places appointed

(or collecting the said Rates or Duties, properly (hut and locked, or otherwise fattened, so as not to suffer

any unnecelTary Waste of Water through the fame (except only at such Times, and for so long as shall

be necessary for Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels, to pass through such Locks, and in Times of

Flood); and no Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, shall be suffered to pass through any such Lock

until the whole Rates or Duties authorised to be collected shall be paid to such Collector; and in case any

Collector shall not keep the Gates of the Lock, at or near the Place where he shall be appointed to col-

left the said Rates or Duties, properly (hut and locked, or otherwise fattened, so as not to suffer any un-

necessary Waste of Water through the fame, or if such Collector shall permit or suffer any Boat, Barge,

Lighter, or other Vessel, to pass through any such Lock as aforesaid, before the full Rates or Duties which

ought to be collected'(hall have been paid, every such Collector offending in either of the Cafes aforesaid

shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings.'

4 XXIII. And, for the more effectual preventing the Watte of Water in any of the said Cuts or Canals,

* to the Prejudice of any Mill,' be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in

case any of the Locks or other Works made or erected, or to be made or erected, by the said Trustees,

shall be out of Repair, and any Mill shall be prejudiced thereby, then, and in every such Cafe, upon No-

tice thereof in Writing, given by the Occupier of such Mill to the Surveyor to the said Trustees, such

Surveyor is hereby required forthwith to inspect into and consider the fame, and report such Notice, and

his Opinion thereof, to the said Trustees, at their next Meeting; and the said Trustees, or any five or

more of them, shall, and are hereby required, at their said next Meeting, to take the fame into Considera-

tion, and as soon as may be to cause such Locks and Works to be put into getod and sufficient Repair, so

as to prevent the Waste of Water as aforesaid ; and in case such Surveyor shall refuse or neglect to inspect

into and survey such Defect or Want of Repair in any of the said Locks or other Works, or make such

Report as aforesaid, he shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than forty

Shillings.

XXIV. And be it further enacted. That no Steerfman, or other Person having the Care, Charge, or

Management, of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, upon the said River, Cuts, or Canals, and

passing with such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, through any Lock upon the said River, Cuts, or

Canals, shall suffer the Water to remain in the Lock longer than is necessary for such Boat, Barge, Light-

er, or other Vessel, to pass through the fame ; and that every such Steerfman, or other Person, in going

down the said River, Curs, or Canals, shall (hut the lower Gates of such Lock before he shall draw the

Cloughs of the upper Gates thereof; and after he shall have brought such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other

Vessel, into the said Lock, shall (hut close the upper Gates before he shall draw the. Cloughs of the lower

Gates thereof; and in going up the said River, Cuts, or Canals, shall, so soon as he shall have passed

with such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, out of the said Lock, (hut the upper Gates of the said

Lock, and afterwards draw the Clough9 of the lower Gates, unless there shall be then a Boat, Barge,

Lighter, or other Vessel, in Sight from the said Lock, coming down (he said River; Cuts, or Canals, in

which Cafe the lower Gates of th'e said. Lock shall be left (hut, and the upper Gates shall be left open ; and

every.Person who shall not aft agreeable to the Directions herein-before mentioned, shall, for every Of-

fence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings.

XXV. And

No Woney to be

hereif:er bor-

rowed, uni- /S XI

'11 uittcj (h ill

concur therein;

and then not

more than

20,0001.

Trustees autho-

rifed to assign

over the Rates

for Payment of

all Arrears of

Interest and

Annuities, &c.

Collectors re-

quired to keep

the Gates of

Locks, near the

Places of Cnl-

ledioo, (hot;

and not to fuftef

any Vessel 10

pass till the

R ates are paid.

Penalty on Nc-

g\ta.

Trustees so keep

the Locks and

Works in Re-

pair, to prevent

Waste of Water.

Persons navigat-

ing Vessels re-

quired to ftiut

the upper Caret

of the Locks as

soon as the Vef-

fels are paflrd,

except some

other Vessel is

in Sight.

