C. 22. > Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1.778.

4t they (hall advance, to be intitled to an Annuity of 2 /. iox. per Annum for 30 Years, or for Life. Life

44 Annuities to be paid at the Exchequer half-yearly. Cashiers of the Bank, to give Certificates to Contri-

“ butors who chuse Life Annuities, which may be assigned before Dec. 21, 1778. Cashiers to transmit to

44 the Auditor of the Exchequer a Boole containing the Names of . the Contributors, tffc. Contributors

44 shall deliver their Certificates to the Auditor, before 22, 1778, to be exchanged for Orders; and

%i name their Nominees. Auditor to cause Orders for Payment to be made out as fooh as convenient,

44 which shall be signed by the Commissioners of the Treasury. Books to be kept in the Offices of the Au-

44 ditor and Clerk of the rells, containing the Names of the Contributors, tffc. Part of the Money to

44 arise from the new Duties to be set apart for Payment of the Annuities on Lives. On Death of Nomi-

44 nees, Annuities toceafc. Life Annuities may be transferred. Transfer to be entered at the Exchequer*

“ When Contributors, tffc. demand Payment of their Annuities in the Abfdhce of their Nominees, they

44 must produce Certificates of their being alive on the Day when the respective half-yearly Payments be-

44 come due. What Certificate necessary when the Nominee resides in England Or Wales. What Certifi-

44 cate necessary when the Nominee resides in Scotland or Ireland; or in Parts beyond the Seas. Penalty

i4 on Persons receiving a half-yearly Payment for any Time after the Death of their Nominee. Contribu-

44 tors, within a Month after Notice of the Death of their Nominee, to certify the fame to the Auditor of

44 the Exchequer, on Penalty of 10/. Annuities to be Tax-free. Commissioners of the Treasury, on

44 receiving a proper Certificate from the Chief Baron, tffc. of the Exchequer, may cause new Orders to be

44 made in Lieu of such as shall be loft, burnt, tffc. or defaced, or incumbered with Assignments. Clause

44 for preventing Frauds relating to Standing Orders, tffc. Offenders to fuller Death as Felons. No Fee

44 to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution-monies, or for any Transfer, tffc. Penalty on Officers

44 of the Exchequer who shall demand any such Fee, or misapply the Monies, tffc. Officers, in certain

44 Cafes, not to incur any Penalty for making wrong Payments. If the Fund to be established for Payment,

44 of the Annuities should prove insufficient, the Deficiency to be supplied out of the Sinking Fund; which

44 Monies shall be replaced out of the next Supplies. If the Fund shall be more than sufficientto pay the

44 Annuities, the Surplus to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament. Managers and Directors of the

44 Lottery to be appointed by the Treasury. Method of the Lottery Books. Ticket. Managers to exa-

44 mine the Books with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt for the

44 fame. Cashiers to return the Books, with the undisposed Tickets, with an Account of Monies paid in.

44 Undisposed Tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets of the middle Columns to be rolled up,

44 and fattened with Thread .pr Silk; and cut off indentwife into a Box marked with the Letter (A). Box

44 to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two Columns, on each of which 48,000 Tickets

44 are to be printed. The Number and Value of the Fortunate Tickets. 1000/. to each Fiift-drawn

44 Ticket of the first ten Days, and icoo /. to the Last-drawn. Tickets of the last-mentioned Book to be

44 rolled up and tied. Public Notice to be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes. Lottery to begin

44 drawing on Nov. 16, 1778. Method to be observed in drawing, tffc. Number of the Fortunate Tickets,

44 and the Sums to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the Managers. Penalty on forging Tickets,

€i tffc. Felony. Offenders (not in Prison) discovering Persons guilty, to receive a Pardon, and 50/. Re-

44 ward. Proviso. Managers to be sworn. The Oath. Cashier may receive the Sums subsenbed before

44 receiving the Lottery Book ; giving a Note for the fame; which shall entitle the Bearer to aTicket for

44 every 10/. so paid. Contributors not making good their Payments within the Times limited, forfeit

rc their Deposits with respect to the Lottery ; and the Tickets for such Sums to be delivered into the Exche-

quer. Commissioners of the Treasury may reward the Managers, tffc. as they shall think fit. Limita-

44 tion of the Sale of Chances, tffc* Penalty. Office-keepers, tffc. felling Shares in Tickets of which they

44 are not possessed, forfeit 500/. and fiiffier three Months Imprisonment. After April 28, 1778, no Person

44 to keep a Lottery-office without a Licence. Each Licence to cost 50 /.; and shall be granted under the

44 Hands and Seals of two Managers. Licence to set forth the Name of the Person taking out the fame,

44 tffc* and to continue in Force for one Year. Persons keeping any Office contrary to this Act, to forfeit

44 ico /. Produce of the Duty on Licences to be applied towards defraying the Expences of the Lottery.

44 No Person to fell any Share of a Ticket less than a Sixteenth, on Penalty of so/. Penalty on Persons

44 promising to pay any Money upon any Chance relating to the drawing of the Lottery contrary to this

* Act. No Business to be transacted at any Lottery-office after Eight in the Evening. Exception. Two

44 Justices may summon Offenders against this Act, and, on Proof of the Offence, convict them in Penal-

44 ties, tffc. If Penalties are not immediately paid, they may be levied by Distress. On Failure of Dif-

44 tress, Offender to be committed. Any Person forging a Licence, shall forfeit 500/. tffc. Commission-

44 ers of the Treasury to establish an Office in London, and to appoint a Person to conduct the Business

v44 thereof; with whom all Tickets, before they are divided into Shares, shall he deposited. All Shares to

4< be stamped by the Officer, who shall give a Receipt for every Ticket deposited with him. Form of Re-

44 ceipt. All 'Pickets deposited in the Office, to remain there three Days after drawing. The Numbers

44 of all Tickets deposited in the Office to be entered in a Book, with the Names of the Owners, and the

44 Number of Shares into'which they are divided. 2 d. for each Share to be paid to the Officer on deposit-

44 ing Tickets in the Office; who shall therewith pay all Expences incident to the Office. Penalty on

44 felling any Share of a Ticket without a Stamp. Application thereof. Penalty on forging or altering

44 Receipts, or uttering the fame with a fraudulent Intention. No Person shall keep any Office for the

44 Sale of Tickets, tffc. in Oxford or Cambridge, on Penalty of 20 /. Offenders may be prosecuted in the

44 Vice-chancellor’s Court. Forfeitures may be levied by Distress, tffc. Proceeding not to be removed by

44 Certiorari, until sufficient Surety is given to prosecute the fame with Effect, tffc. This Act not to pre-

44 judice the Privileges and Jurisdictions of the Mayor, tffc. of Oxford. Offences committed in Ireland

44 against British Acts for preventing unlawful Lotteries, made punishable: Penalties may be sued for in

44 Dublin. The 480,000/. for the Payment of the Fortunate Tickets, to be charged on any Supplies

44 granted

5

