A. D. 1779* Anno decimo nono Geor<Jii III,

C. 2U

3+5

the Intent and Meaning of this present Act, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred

Pounds.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies to arise by the Duty hereby Product of the

granted for Licences as aforesaid, {ball be applied towards defraying the Expences attending the Com- BotyonU-

mission to be made forth for managing, directing, and drawing, the Lottery1 established by an Act, made frJJL*0

in this Seflton of Parliament (intituled, An Afl for raising a certain Sumof Money by way of Annuities, and Sefawjtbe

for establishing a Lottery)% in such Manner as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of Expencet of the

them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall direct, authorise, and approve. Lottery.

1 VI. And whereas the dividing of Chances or Tickets in a Lottery into very small Shares, has been NoPerson tofell

4 found mifchievous/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person or Persons, so li-

cenced as aforesaid, shall fell any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery, or of the

Chance or Chances of any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery, in any'(mailer Share or Proportion than

One-sixteenth Part or Share only, or {hall publish any Proposals for felling any Share or Shares of any

Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery, or of any Chance of any Ticket or Tickets in the fame, in any

ftnaller Share or Proportion than One-sixteenth Part or Share, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of

this Act; every Person who shall offend in any of the said Matters shall forfeit and pay, for every such

Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered and distiibuted in Manner hereafter mentioned; and

every such Sale or Contraft, and every Agreement relating thereto, shall be, and is hereby declared

null and void.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons {hall, under the

Denomination of Sale of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, or with or without Confide rat ion, or under

any Pretence, or in any Manner whatsoever, promise or agree to pay any Sum or Sums of Money, upon

any Chance or Event whatsoever relating to the drawing of any Ticket or Tickets in the said Lottery, or ^naoce fejaun|

{hall publish any Proposals for any such Purposes as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the drawing

this Act ; and every Person or Persons who {hall offend in any of the said Matters, shall forfeit and pay, of the Lottery,

for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds ; to be recovered and distributed in the Manner hereafter

mentioned ; and every such Promise or Contraft, and every Agreement relating thereto, {hall be, and is

hereby declared null and void.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Office

or Place kept for any of the said Purposes, so licensed as aforesaid, {hall be open for any of the said Pur-

poses, or for the Transaftion of any Business relating to the said Lottery, before the Hour of Eight of the

Clock in the Morning, nor after the Hour of Eight of the Clock in the Evening (except on the Evening

of the Saturday preceding the drawing of the said Lottery); and that the said Limitation or Restriction in

Point of Time {hall be inserted in, and made a Condition of, every such Licence; and in case of any

Breach of the said Condition, such Licence shall be forfeited, and shall and may be revoked by any two

or more of the said Managers and Directors ; and (over and besides all other Penalties to which such Per-

son or Persons may be liable) such Licence {hall not be renewed, nor shall any new Licence be granted

to, or for the Benefit of, the same Person or Persons, directly or indirectly, for keeping any such Office or

Place for any of the Purposes aforesaid.

4 IX. And whereas many Persons have offended against former Acts made for cffabliftiing Lotteries, irr

* such Manner that they could not be prosecuted to Conviction, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or In-

4 formation, in the regular CourfeofLaw, within the Period of drawing a Lottery, and having made their Offenders against

• Profit thereof, have easily avoided the Penalties incurred for such Offences by suddenly removing them-

4' selves ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid,. That, from and after the said fifth Day of

Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, it {hall and may be lawful to and for any two or

more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, for the County, City, Town, or Place, where any Offences

shall be committed against this Act, or the said Act made in this Session of Parliament, upon Information or

Complaint made to them upon Oath (which Oath there are hereby authorised to administer) against any

Person or Persons offending against this Act, or the said Act, to summon the Party offending, and, upon

full and sufficient Proof being produced, to convict the Person or Persons so offending against this or the

said Act, in the penal Sum or Sums to be forfeited and paid by such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid ; and

the Person or Persons so convicted shall, immediately after such Conviction, pay such Penalty to such Juf-

tices of the Peace as aforesaid ; one Moiety whereof shall be for the Use and benefit of such Person or Per-

son* as {hall fiift inform and prosecute for the fame, and the other. Moiety to he applied to the fame Ufcs

and Purposes as the Monies arising by the Duty on Licences granted by this Act are directed to be applied :

And, upon the Neglect or Refusal of such Offender or Offenders to pay such Penalty or Penalties in Man-

ner aforesaid, the said Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders {hall be convicted, aie hereby

autho ifed and required to grant a Warrant of Distress, to levy such Penalty or Penalties on the Goods and

Chattels of fuchr Offender or Offenders 5 and in case no sufficient Distress shall be found, then to commit

such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol for such County, City, or Place, there to remain for any

Time not exceeding three Months, or until the Money so forfeired shall be fully paid and satished.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever

shall forge or counterfeit any Licence or Licences^ to be made forth by virtue of this Act for the Purposes

aforesaid, such Person or Persons {hall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to

his Majesty, his Heirs*nd Successors, and the other Moiety to him that (lull prosecute or sue for the same ;

to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record

at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection, Wnger of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be

allowed ; and shall be subject to such other Penalties as may be infpfted on Persons for Forgery.

4 XI. And, the more effectually to prevent Abuses in the felling of Lottery Tickets in Shares or

4 Chances/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any three or more of the Commissioners of the

Treasury,

any Share of a

Ticket left (has

a Sixteenth,

an Penalty of

50

Penalty on Per-

fons proroifing

to pay any Mo-

ney upon any

Chance relating

contrary to thia

a a.

No Business to -

be transacted at

any Lottery-

office before

Eight in the

Morning, nor

after Eight ui

the Evening,

Exception.

Two TofKcee

may furamon

and, on Proof of

the Otic nee,

convict the«n in

Penalties,

If Pend? Vs irt'

not inifT,r<i!rf'r}y

pvt*, they m.11

be levico by LVA-

t rtf?.

On Failure of

Distress, OiT-h-

drr to I c com-

mitted.

Any Person

forging a Li--

cener, ihill for-

feit 500 I. Ac,

CormifTr n^ri

of the Tr^af ity

to c nab!:in an

