Anno decimo nono Georgii III,

420 C. I*

A.D. 1779.

every Mile their

Diligence, Sec.

(hill travel;

and shall declare,

when they re-

ceive their Li-

cence, to and

from what

' Places it is in.

tended to be

used, and how

often.

Difrretionary

Powers vetted in

Commissioners

relative to Dili-

gences, Sec par-

ting and repaf-

ting within xz

Miles of Lon-

don,

The Name of

the'Owner of

every Diligence,

See. to be paint-

ed on the Out-

tide of each

Door,

Where and

when the Duties

anting from Di-

ligences, Sec.

Hull be paid.

Licensed Pro*

prictor of aoy

Diligence, See.

to give (even

Days Notice be-

fore he difeonti-

nue the fame.

Poftma'fters, Sec.

to be allowed

3d. in the

Pound out of the

Monica to be

accounted for

and paid by

them.

Penalty on for-

ging any Ticket,

or uttering the

fame.

Pecuniary Pe-

nilties amount-

ing to 20 1.

to go One-half

to his Majesty,

and the other 10

the Informer,

shall pay to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of one Halfpenny for every Mile every such

Carriage or Carriages shall be so used or travel, as aforesaid.

XXIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Per-

fons, so licensed to use such Diligence, or other Carriage, as aforesaid, shall, at the Time of receivingfuch

Licence, declare from what Place, and to what Place, such Diligence or other Carriage is intended to be

used, distinguishing the Distance or Number of Miles between the two extreme Towns or other Places

speh Diligence or other Carriage is to go, and the Number of Journies each such Diligence or Carriage is

so intended to he used, either in the Day or in the Week, as the Cafe may happen to be, that the Came

may be infeited in such Licence; and all and every Person or Persons, so licensed for such Purpose as afore-

said, shall give Security, by Bond, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of twenty Pounds,

with a Condition for the faithful accounting for and paying such Sums as may be due for the Journies such

Diligence or other Carriage may have so made.

4 XXX. And, in regard it may be difficult to ascertain the Number of Times such licensed Diligences, or

4 other Carriages, making short Stages about London, may go in a Day,’ it is hereby provided and enacted,

That the Commissioners for managing the Stamp-duties, or the major Part of them, or such Officers as

they shall appoint in chat Behalf, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered to make such Allowances

as shall appear to be just to any Person or Persons licensed to use any Diligence, or other Carriage, as afore-

said, to go from and to return to London, where the Distance does not exceed twelve meafiired Miles, upon

Oath made by the Owner of such Diligence, or other Carriage, before the said Commissioners, or the ma-

jor Part of them, or such Officers so to be appointed, as to the Number of Journies actually made m a

Day by such Diligence or other Carriage, where the fame shall differ from the Number expressed in such

Licences; which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby required to administer, and toexamine^nto all

the Circumstances relative to the Number of Journies so made by such Diligence, or other Carriage, as

aforesaid, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Commissioners, or

the major Part of them, are hereby impowered to make such Regulations, with respe& to such Diligences,

or other Carriages, where such Allowances are applied for, as they shall, from Time to Time, find nc-

cessary, as well for the effectual securing the Duties on such Diligences, or other Carriages, as doing Juf-

tice to the Owners or Proprietors thereof,

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons so

licensed to use every such Carriage as aforesaid, shall mark or paint, or cause to be marked or painted, on

the outside Pannel of each Door, before he, she, or they shall use the fame for the Purpose aforesaid, his,

her, or their Christian and Surname, mentioning the Place from whence they set out, and to which they

are going, in plain and legible Characters,; and every Proprietor of every such Diligence or other Carriage

as aforesaid licensed to go from London to any other Place, of from any other Place to London, shall, on

the first Monday in every Month, between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and two in the Afternoon,

unless the fame be an Holiday, and then on the next Day, not being an Holiday, clear the said Duties

charged and become due by virtue of this Act, by paying the fame to the Receiver-general of Stamped

Velium, Parchment, and Paper, or to the proper Officer for the Time being for collecting the said Dunes,

for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at the Head Office in Lincoln's Inny or wherever die

the fame may be held; and if such Proprietor or Proprietors shall be licensed from any Town in the

Country to any other Town than London, then such Proprietor or Proprietors shall clear the said Duties,

by paving the lame to the Person duly authorised, by Commission under the Hands and Seals of three of

his Majesty’s Commissioners of the Stamp-duties, to receive the same, under the Penalty of ten Pounds.

XXXIL Provided always. That every such licensed Proprietor or Proprietors of any Diligence or other

Carriage as aforesaid, who shall lay down and discontinue the Use of the fame, shall give Notice, in Writ-

ing, seven Days at lead before he, she, or they shall lay down or discontinue such Diligence or other

Carriage, and shall have such Notice indorsed upon the Back of such his, her, or their Licence or Licences,

or upon the Bond so to be given as aforesaid, and from thenceforth, on Payment of all Arrears, shall be

no longer charged or chargeable for or in respect of such Diligence or other Carriage.

XXXIII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Receiver-generalatthe

Head Office, and the said other Collectors duly appointed to receive the Duties hereby imposed, shall make

an Allowance to the several Postmasters, Innkeepers, or other Persons licensed as aforesaid, and they (bill

be intitled respectively to deduct for their own Use, at and after the Rate of Three-pence in the round,

out of the Monies by them regularly accounted for and paid to such Receiver-general or other ColJeftor,

according to the Directions herein-before contained.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall falsely mike,

forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited; or wilfully act or

assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting, any Ticket, oy this ACk authorised or directed fobe

used, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall

utter or publish as true any false, forged, or counterfeited Ticker, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully

convicted, (Kill forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be levied and applied as herein-before directed

and declared.

XXXV. And be it further enaCked by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties hereby im-

posed, amounting to twenty Pounds or more, shall be divided and distributed, to wit, one Moiety thereof

to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to such

Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same, in any of his Majesty *s Courts at Wcflminsterf

for Offences committed in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majesty’s Court of Session,

Court of Judiciary, or Court of Exchequer, in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Billj rlaint, or Informa-

3 tion

