A.D. 1779

479

Anno <kcitno nono Oborqu lit.

-G. 69*

CAP. LXX.

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the twelfth Ye^r of the Reign of

King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests\ and for

other Purposes,

c TI 7 HEREAS ia and by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King

George the First (intituled, An A(7 to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests), it is enacted, That,

c from and after the twenty»-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-six, no Person

shall be held to Special Bail upon any rrocefs issuing out of any superior Court, where the Cause of

Action shall not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds, or upwards, nor out of any inferior Court, where

the Cause of Action shall not amount to the Sum of forty Shillings, or upwards: And whereas the Power

of Arrest and Imprisonment, on mesne Process issuing out of such inferior Court, where the Cause of

Action does not amount to ten Pounds, is found by Experience to be attended with much Oppression to

great Numbers of his Majesty’s Subjects; for Remedy whereof,’ be it enacted by the King’s most Ex-

cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after

the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, no Person shall be arrested or held to

Special Bail, upon any Process issuing out of any inferior Court, where the Cause of Action shall not

amount to the bum of ten Pounds, or upwards; but that the like Copies of Process shall be served (for the

Service of which Process, a Sum not exceeding two Shillings and Six-pence shall be allowed in Costs), and

the like Proceedings shall be had thereupon in such inferior Court, in all Cafes where the Cause of Action

shall not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds, or upwards, as are directed to be had, by the said recited

Act, in such inferior Court in all Cafes where the Cause of Action shall not amount to the Sum of forty

Shillings; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of July9 one thousand seven hundred

and seventy-nine, in all Cafes in such inferior Court (having Jurisdiction to the Amount of ten Pounds, or

upwards) where the Cause of Action shall amount to ten rounds, or upwards, the like Affidavit shall be

made and filed of such Cause of Action, and the like Proceedings shall be bad thereupon, as are directed

by the said recited Act to be had, where the Cause of Action amounts to the Sum of forty Shillings, or up-

wards, in such inferior Court.

in Gaufei of 40 1. or

€ III. And whereas divers Acts of Parliament have passed for the Recovery of Debts within certain Dif-

4 tridls and Jurisdictions, which may have authorised the Arrest and Imprisonment of Defendants, where

the Cause of Action amounts to less than ten Pounds y be it enacted, That so much of such Act or A Sts

t>f Parliament a9 gives such Power shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

ment of Defendant! for less than 101.

IV. And, forasmuch as Persons served with Process issuing out of inferior Courts, where the Debt is un-

c derten Pounds, may, in order to avoid Execution, remove their Persons and Effects beyond the Limits of

x the Jurisdiction of such Courts be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where final

Jfudgment shall be obtained, in any Action or Suit in any inferior Court of Record, it shall and may be

awful to and for any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, upon Affidavit made and filed

therein of such Judgment being obtained, and of diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after the

Person or Persons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Effects, and of Execution having

issued against the Person or Persons, or Effects, as the Cafe may be, of the Defendant or Defendants, and

that the Person or Persons, or Effects, of the Defendant or Defendants, are not to be Found within the

Jurisdiction of such inferior Court, which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or Commissioner autho-

jifed to take Affidavits, and such superior Court, to cause the Record of the said Judgment to be removed

into such superior Court, to issue Writs of Execution thereupon to the Sheriff of any County, City, Li-

berty, or Place, against the Person or Persons, or Effects, of the Defendant or Defendants, in the fame

Manner as upon Judgments obtained in the said Courts at Westminster; and the Sheriff, upon every such

Execution, shall, and he is hereby authorised to detain the Defendant or Defendants, until the Sum of

twenty Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the Effects, according to the Nature of the

Execution, for the extraordinary Costs of the Plaintiff'or Plaintiffs in the inferior Court subsequent to the

said Judgment, and of the Execution in the superior Court, over and above the Money lor which such

Execution shall be issued.

into the fupetior Court, and Writs of Execution ifiucd to the Sheriff of any

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tim, from and after the

fiift Day of July, one thousand seven bund/ed and seventy-nine, no Execution shall be flayed or delayed,

upon or by any Wiit of Error, or SuperJ'edeas thereon to be sued, for the revcrfingof any Judgment given,

or to he given, in any inferior Court of Record, where the Damages are under ten Pounds, unlcis such

Person or Persons, in whole Name or Names such Writ of Error shall be brought, with two sufficient

Sureties, such as the Court (wherein such Judgment is or shall be given) shall allow of, shall first, before

such Stay made or Superfedeas to be awarded, be bound unto the Party for whom any such Judgment is' or

shall be given, by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in the fame Court, in double the Sum adjudged to

be recovered by the said former Judgment, to prosecute the said Writ of Error with EftVdl, and also to fa-

.tisfy and pay.(if the said Judgment he affirmed, or the said Writ of Error be non-pros 0) all and finguiar

Q_q q 2 the

Preamble.

Recital of aa

Ad xa Gm, It

After July t,

1779, no Person

/hall be anefted,

or held to spetial

Bail, upon any

Process issuing

out of an inferior

Court, for left

than 101.

Proceedings in

inferior Courts,

in causesof 10i.

or upwards, /hall

be the fame as

by the recited

Ad are ordered

upwards.

So much of all

Acts for Reco-

very of Small

Debts, as autho-

rises imprison-

repealed.

In all Cafet

where final

Judgment /hall

be obtained in an

inferior Court,

and Affidavit

made thereof in

any Court of

Record at Weft-

minster, and of

Execution hav-

ing ifi'ucd against

the Perf n or

Efodlr of the

Defendant, and

that the fame

cannot be found

within thejurif-

didion of the

inferior Court j

the Record of

such Judgment

may be removed

County, Ac.

Upon what Con*

ditions Execu-

tion /ha 1 be

flayed upon any

Writ of Error,

Arc. for reverting

Judgment given

rn an infVri»T

Court, where

the Dan a.-es are

un.'er ic 1.

