J9°

Preamble.

AO 7 Goo. II.

recited.

Person*con*

vifted of forging

an Acceptance

of Bills of

Xxcbangc, or

Receipt for

Payment of

Money, Sec.

with Intent to

defraud aujr

Corporation,

stall suffer

Dejth at Feiont.

Preamble.

J-.ifticef, out of

deftion, im-

powered to

award Cods on

Determination

of Complaints

brought before

them.

On Refusal of

J>arty to pay,

Ac. the fame

may be levied

by Distrtfs.

If the Penalty

on any Convic-

tion shall

amount to 5).

the Costs shall

be deducted

thereout, dec.

The Form* an-

nexed to this

A& to be uied.

C. 18, 19. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III, .A.D. 1778.

• . CAP. XVIII.

An Act to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

, George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging the Accept-

ance cf Bills of Exchange; or the Numbers or principal Sums of accountable Receipts for Notesy

Bills, or other Securities for Payment of Money j or Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money

or Delivery of Goods.

* X T T HEREAS Doubts have arifeti whether the Punishment inflicted by an Act of Parliament, made

c V V and passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second f intituled,

f An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging the Acceptance of Bills of Exchange; or the Numbers or

principal Sums of accountable Receipts fir Notes, Bills, or other Securities for Payment of Money ; or Warrants

or Orders for Payment of Money or Delivery of Goods), on Persons guilty of the several Species of Forgery

4 therein mentioned, extends to such Forgeries when committed with an Intention to defraud'any Corpo-

ration be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same. That if any Person, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thou-

sand seven hundred and seventy-eight, shall falsely make, alter, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure

to be falsely made, altered, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly act or aftift in the false making, altering,

forging, or counterfeiting, any Acceptance of any Bill of Exchange, or the Number or principal Sum of

any accountable Receipt for any Note, Bill, or other Security for Payment of Money, or any Warrant or

Order for Payment of Money or Delivery of Goods, with Intention to defraud any Corporation whatfo-

ever; or shall utter or publish as true any false, altered, forged, or counterfeited Acceptance of any Bill

of Exchange, or accountable Receipt for any Note, Bill, or other Security for Payment of Money, or

Warrant or Order for Payment of Money or Delivery of Goods, with Intention to defraud any Corpora-

tion whatsoever, knowing the fame to be false, altered, forged, or counterfeited ; every such Person, being

thereof lawfully convifteo, {hall be deemed guilty of Felony, and {hall suffer Death as a Felon without Be-

nefit of Clergy.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the Payment of Cods to Parties, on Complaints determined before Justices of

the Peace out of Sessions ; for the Payment of the Charges of Constables in certain Cafes ;

and for the more effectual Payment of Charges to Witnesses and Prosecutors of any Lar-

ceny, or other Felony.

€ XT 7 HEREAS, by the Laws now in being, his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace are not sufficiently

* VV author!fed, on Complaints that come before them out of Sessions, to award Costs against either

4 the Person or Persons complaining, or the Person or Persons against whom any Complaint is made, as to

4 Justice may appertain :* May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted •, and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo-

ral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where

any Complaint {hall be made before any of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding,

Division, City, Town Corporate, Franchise, or Liberty, and any Warrant or Summons fbaJI issue in

Consequence of such Complaint, that then it {hall and may be lawful to and for any Justice or Justices of the

Peace, who shall have heard and determined the Matter of the said Complaint, to award such Costs to be

paid by either of the Parties, and in Manner and Form as to him or them shall feeni fit, to the Party in-

jured : And in case any Person, so ordered by the said Justice or Justices of the Peace to pay such Sums of

Money as aforesaid, shall not forthwith pay down or give Security for the fame to the Satisfaction of the

Justice or Justices, it {hall and may be lawful for the said Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his Hand

and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to levy the said Sum or Sums by Distress and Sale of the Goods and

Chanels of such Person so refusing or neglecting; and where Goods and Chattels of such Person cannot

be found, to commit such Person to the House of Correction, for the County, Riding, Division, City,

Town Corporate, Franchise, or Libeity, wherein such Person {hall reside, there to be kept to hard La-

bour for any Tim^ not exceeding one Month, nor less than ten Days, or until such Sum or Sums of Mo-

ney, together with the Expences attending the Commitment of such Person to such House of Correction,

be first paid.

II. Provided nevertheless, That upon the Conviction of any Person or Persons upon any penal Statute

or Statutes, where the Penalty or Penalties shall amount to or exceed the Sum of five Pounds, the said

Costs shall be deducted-by the said Justice or Justices, according to his or their Discretion, out of the said

Penalty or Penalties, so that the said Deduction shall not exceed one fifth Part of the said Penalty or Pe-

nalties $ and the Remainder of the said Penalty or Penalties shall be paid to, or divided among, the Person

or Persons who would have been entitled to the whole of the Penalty or Penalties in case this Act had not

been made.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Forms to this Act annexed

{hall and may in the respective Cafes be used and observed.

4 IV. And whereas Constables, Headboroughs, and Titbing-men, are or may be at great Charge in

* doing the Business of their Parish. Township, or Place, and in many Cafes are not sufficiently indemni-

1 " 4 fied

