440

were made for

three Quarters of

a Year, a fur-

ther Assessrrent

of one Qualter

shall be made, up

to July 5, 1779.

Sixpenny Rates

on Houses of

soLa Year and

upwards, made

for any Time

after July 5,

1779, to be void.

Assessmenti for

new Duties to be

made out for

three Quarters of

a Year, up to

April 6, J/80J

and after that

Time to be made

out annually,

&c.

Coach-houses,

&c. and Gardens

not exceeding

one Acre, to be

valued together

with the Dwell-

ing-houset.

If the Comroif-

iioners in Eng-

land or Wales

shall neglect to

a p point Afle (Tors,

8rc. the Survey-

ors may perform

their Duty.

Part of the re-

cited Act re-

pealed.

After July 5,

1779, no Afltflf-

mentl which

shall be made or

delivered to the

Commissioners,

shall be altered

before the Time

for hearing Ap-

peals.

All Shops and

Wafehouses at-

tached to the

Dwelling-house

shall te charged

to the Rate?, to-

gether with such

Dwelling-house:

I xrept those of

Wharfingers.

No Waiehouse

v/hich is a dif-

tio£t Building

from the D*cll-

ing-house and

Shop, shall be

charged uith the

Rates

All inhabited

Houses of 5 1.

C. 59. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

seven hundred and seventy-eight, to the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine*

at the Rates prescribed by the former Act, a further Afl'efiment shall be made at the fame Rates for one

Quarter, from the said fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, to the fifth Day

of July following; and that jf any Rate or Assessment, at Six-pence in, the Pound, on the Value of any

House and Household Qflac^therewith occupied, worth the yearly Sum of twenty Pounds and upwards,

hath been, or shall be made, in pursuance of the said Afl for raising the said Rate and Duty thereby

granted, for and in respefl of the Quarter, Half Year, or any other Time, after the said fifth Day of July,

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, every.such Rate or Assessment, so far as the fame relates to

the raising such Rate and Duty, in respefl of such Quarter, Half Year, or other Term, after the fifth

Day of Julyf shall be null and void.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Assessments shall be

made out for raising the Duties by this present Ait imposed, from the fifth D.ay of July, one thousand seven

hundred and seventy-nine, to the sixth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty; which

Assessments shall be certified by the Assessors, and returned by them to the said Commissioners, on or be-

fore the tenth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred.and seventy-nine; and that the Surveyors

shall and may, on or before the sixteenth Day of November following, certify their Surcharges/or raising

the said Duties for the said three Quarters, to “the said Commissioners; and that all Appeals, in respect

to the said three Quarters Assessments, shall and may be heard and determined between the tenth Day of

December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and fourth Day of January, one thousand seven

hundred and eighty; and that from and after the fifth Day of April, one thoufandi seven hundred and

eighty, the said Duties shall he assessed annually for ope whole Year, to commence from the fifth Day of

April in each Year; and that in all future Years the Assessments shall be made out and certified, and the

Surcharges certified, and the Appeals heard, at the fame Times as the Assessments, Surcharges, and Ap-

peals, are made, certified, and heard, on the Duties on Houses and Windows.

V. And be it further enacted and declared, That every Coach-house, Stable, Brewhouse, Wash-house,

Laundry, Woodhouse, Bakehouse, Dairy, and other Offices, and all Yards, Courts, and Curtilages, and

Gardens, not exceeding one Acre, belonging to, and occupied with* any Dwelljrtg-house, chargeable to

the Rates and Duties imposed by this Afl, shall be valued together with such Dwelling-house, and be liable

to, and charged and assessed with, the Rates and Duties imposed by this A61.

VI. Ana, for the more effectual levying and coliefling the Duty imposed by this AS, in that Part of

1 Great Britain called England and Walesbe.it enacted and declared. That in case at any Time the

Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Afl, shall neglect to appoint Assessors, or in case the

Assessors by them appointed shall neglect to perform what is required of them, by the said Afl of the last

Session of Parliament, and this present Afl; that then, and in such Cafe, it shall and may he lawful to and

for the Surveyor or Surveyors, appointed, or to be appointed, in that Behalf, to do and perform such and

the like Services as are by the said A As required from such Assessors.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That that Part of the said^ recited Afl,

whereby the Commissioners thereby appointed for putting the fame in Execution have Power to enlarge,

alter, abate, or diminish, the Assessments to be delivered to the said Commissioners, before such Commis-

sioners shall have set their Names to such respective Assessments, testifying their Allowance thereof, shall

be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven

hundred and seventy-nine, no Assessments which shall be made or delivered to the said Commissioners, or

any three or more of them, pursuant to the said Afl, or this present Afl, shall be altered or diminished

before the Time for hearing and determining Appeals, and then only upon the Commissioners hearing the

Matter of the Appeal particularly relating thereto, or.concerning the fame, upun a general Appeal Day.

4 IX. And whereas the said Afl recited, That several Manufactures, Trades, Occupations, and Call-

4 ings, necessarily require Warehouses and Buildings requisite for carrying them on, by reason whereof, the

4 Persons concerned therein are obliged to pay large Rents, or have laid out considerable Sums thereon, and

that it might be a great Hardship upon such Persons to be rated to the full Extent of their respective Rents,

4 or of the Value of the Premises above mentioned; and it was thereby enacted and declared. That such

4 Premises should not be liable to the Duty imposed by the said Afl, but that the Aircffinent should be made

4 on the Dwelling-house only, with the Household Offices belonging to it: And whereas, under Colour of

the said Exemption, the Payment of the said Rates and Duties hath been greatly eluded it is therefore

hereby ena6ied, That all.Shops and Warehouses, which are attached to the Dwelling-house, or have any

Communication therewith (except such Warehouses and Buildings upon or near adjoining to Wharfs,

which are occupied by Persons who carry on the Business of Wharfingers, and who have Dwe!)ing-houfts

upon the said Wharfs for the Residence of themselves or Servants employed upon the said Wharfs, and

who are to be rated in respefl of the said Dwelling-houses only), shall be charged with the Rates and Du-

ties granted by this Afl, together with the Dwelling-house and the Household and other Offices thereto

belonging; any Thing in the said recited Afl to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Warehouse, being a

diflinfl and separate Building, and not Part or Parcel of the Dwelling-house or Shop, but employed foiely

for the Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, or for carrying on feme Manufacture (al-

though the fame may adjoin to, or have an internal Communication with, the Dwelling-house), shall

be charged with the Rates and Duties granted by this Afl; any Thing herein coatajned to the contrary

notwithstanding.

4 XI. And whereas it i? declared by the said Afl of the last Session of Parliament, That no Houses shall,

4 within the Intention of that Afl, be deemed or taken to be inhabited Houses, except the feme shall be

5 4 inhabited

