20

Qnarte^ly Mret-

in^i a^oii.ted.

Chairman to

be i uoko.

Qucrtions to be

drtcrir.ined by a

Majoriiy.^

Ko ’Eufinefs to

te done at

Qj irterly Meot-

inj;', unkfs

seven Mtrr.bwrt

ate present.

Three Corrtriit-

lee-men may

rail » Special

Meeting.

New Corrm't-

lee-men to be

rhofen in rafe

of Death, &c.

If Committee

jtegUkt thoir

Duty,

*Justices mar,

cn Complaint

thereof, cjU a

Gencrtl Meet-

103, &c,

C. i r. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III.' A. D. 1777.

have Copies thereof, or of any Part thereof, paying Twopence for every one hundred Words so to be co-

pied; and if the Clerk shall refuse to permit any such Manufacturer to insped such Books, or refuse to

pvake Copies or Extracts thereof, at the Rate or Times aforesaid, he shall, for every such OftVnce, forfeit

the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered in (itch Manner as any other Penalty inflicted by this Act is directed

to be recovered.

IIP And be it further enacted, That, for the Purnofes aforesaid, a Meeting of the find Committee, for

the Time being, shall be held four Times in every Year; (that is to say) on the Monday before A4id~

Jummer day, on the Monday before Michaelmas-dny, on the Monday before the Epiphany, and on th« Monday

before Eujhr-dny, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon of each and every of the said Days, who (halt

have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time, as Occasion may require ; three of which said

Quarterly Meetings of such Committee fha’l be held at fomc Place or Places within the County of York,

and the other Quarterly Meeting shall be held at some Place within the County of Lancqfler\ the first of

which said Quarterly Meetings shall be held on the first of the said Days on which the said Quarterly Meet-

ings are hen in-before appointed to be held, which shall first happen after the Election of such Committee

as aforesaid, and at such Place as shall be fixed and agreed upon by such Committee after their Election ;

and at such first Quarterly Meeting, and every subsequent Quarterly Meeting of such Committee for the

Time being, a Chairman for each of such said Quarterly Meetings being chosen, the Place at which the

then next following Quarterly Meeting shall be held, shall be fixed upon and appointed by the Majority

of such Committee then assembled ; and the Chairman of such Committee is hereby required to cause four-

teen Days Notice to be given, of the Time and Place where the next following Quarterly Meeting of such

Committee is appointed to be held, in the Leeds and Manchester weekly Newspapers : And all Matters or

Things which shall come before such Committee for their Determination, shall^e determined by a Majo-

rity of Vote:, of the Members of such Committee thenpresent; and if there shall be an Equality of Votes

upon any Qiieftion which shall come before the said Committee, then the Chairman shall have a casting

Vote, by which Vote such Question in Dispute shall be determined.

IV. Provided nevertheless. That in case there shall not at any of such Quarterly Meetings be there pre-

sent and act’embled seven of the Persons constituting such Committee, then and in such Cafe it is hereby

declared, that no Business whatsoever shall be done at such Meeting; and the Majority of the Persons then

present shall appoint at what Place the next Quarterly Meeting shall be held, and give fourteen Days No-

tice thereof in the Leeds and Manchtjler weekly Newspapers, in Manner above-mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time it shall appear to any three or more of such Com-

mittee for the Time being, that for the more effectual putting any of the Powers granted by this Act into

Execution, or for settling or difeuffing any Matters or Things whatsoever relative to the fame, a Special

Meeting of such Committee is necessary or expedient to be held, it shall and may be lawful for the said

three or more of the said Committee for the Time being, todircdl the Clerk to give Notice of such Special

Meeting of the Committee, to every Member thereof, setting forth the Place where, and the Time when,

such Special Meeting shall be appointed to be held ; and in case there shall be then present at such Special

Meeting seven of the said Committee, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee so present,

to proceed in the Execution of the Powers given by this Act to such Committee.

V I. And be it further enacted. That in case any one or more of the said Committee for the Time being

shall die, or shall decline Business as a Manufacturer, or shall go to reside in any distant Part of the King-

dom, or shall wjlfully absent himself or themselves from the said Quarterly Meetings for the Space of one

Year, or refuse 16 act, then and in such Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee for

the Time being, at any of their said Quarterly Meetings, there being seven of such Committee then pre-

sent, to choose another or other proper Person or Persons, being Manufacturers of Combing Wool, Wor-

sted Yarn, or Goods made from Worsted, in his or their Place or Places, who shall have the fame Power

and Authority as if appointed at a General Meeting.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time hereafter it shall appear to any

fifty or more of the said Manufacturers of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, or Goods made from Worsted,

within the said Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, that the said Committee for the Time being

neglect to discharge their Duty, to the Ends, Intents, and Purposes for which such Committee was ap-

pointed ; and in case such fifty or more of such Manufacturers so dissatisfied shall, in Writing under their

Hands, make Complaint thereof to the Justices of the Peace for the said Weft Riding of the County of

York, in any of the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Weft Riding to be held and

affimbled, then and in such Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices in such Sessions

aii'embled, and they are hereby required (if they shall think proper, after hearing the Nature of such Com-

plaint) to call and appoint a General Meeting of the Manufacturers of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn,

and Goods made from Worsted, within the said Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, at such Time

and Place as such Justices shall think proper, and shall also cause Notice to be given of such General Meet-

ing of such Manufacturers as aforesaid, in the Leeds and Manchester weekly Newspapers, setting forth the

Place where, and Time when, such General Meeting shall be held, the fame not being less than twenty-

one Days after such Notice given in the said Papers, and which Notice shall be continued in the said Papers

until such Meeting shall be held; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Manufacturers then present

at such General Meeting called and held in Manner as aforesaid, to elect, nominate, and appoint a Com-

mittee, confiding of the fame Number of Persons, and in the like Manner, and under and i'ubjedfc to the

Pke Orders, Regulations, and Directions, herein-before laid down and ordered for the Election of the first

Committee ; and the Persons so elected, nominated, and appointed to be a new Committee, in Manner

aforesaid, shall thereupon be invested with the fame Pgwers and Authorities as the former Committee were

liivxfted with.

« VIII. And*

