A. t>. 1780.

Anno viccfimo Georgii III.

C.54.

591

f>V;cable, and what Sums may be taken out of their Hands to be diTposed of by Parliament for the public

Service * all which they are hereby directed to report to his Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament, in

the next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or

any three or more of them, and they are hereby impowered, authorised, and required, to examine upon

Oath (which Oath they* or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer) the Auditors,

and all other the Officers of the Exchequer; the Commissioneis, and all other Officers of the Trea-

fury 5 the Commissioners, and all other the Officers of the Admiralty 5 the Paymaster General and Deputy

Paymasters of his Majesty’s Army, and all other the Officers in the Office of the said Paymaster ; his Ma-

jesty’s Secretary at War, and all other Officers dependent upon him and under his Controul; the Treasurer

of his Majesty s I^avy^and all other the Officers io the Office of the said Treasurer 5 and the Comptrollers,

Commissioners, and Surveyor of his Majesty’s Navy, and all other Officers dependent upon or under the

Controul of the said Comptrollers, Commissioners, . and Surveyor; the Commissioners for victualling

his Majesty’s Navy, and all other the Officers dependent upon or under the Coutroul of the said Com-

missioners ; the Master General, Lieutenant General, Surveyor General, and Officers composing the Board

of Ordnance, and all other the Officers dependent upon or under the Controul of the said Master Ge-

neral, Lieutenant General, and Surveyor General, or Board of Ordnance; the Commissioners, Collectors,

Receivers, and all other the Officers and Persons concerned or employed in collecting, receiving, or ma-

naging the several Branches of the public Revenue ; and also all Commanders in Chief of his Majesty’s

Forces by Sea or Land, and all Governors, Commissaries, or other Persons having the Power of granting 1

"Warrants, or of issuing, disbursing, or expending Money belonging to the Public, or of drawing Bills,

or making Contracts, or purchasing Provisions or Stores, or other Necessaries, or who have granted War-

rants, issued, disbursed, or expended Money belonging to the Public, or drawn Bills, or made Contracts,

or purchased Provisions, Stores, or other Necessaries, for the Supply of his Majesty’s Forces by Sea or by

Land, or for the Defence of the Islands or Places where they respectively have had or have Commands ;

and all other Commiffnies, Muster-masters, and Agents, and all Persons whatever, who have been

concerned or employed in transporung, victualling, clothing, or supplying his Majesty’s Forces by Sea or

by Land, or in remitting Money for the Ute of the fame; and all other Persons whom the said Commis-

sioners, or any three or more of them, shall think fit to examine touching the Receipt, Ifl'ue, Expenditure,

and Manner of accounting for the Duties, Taxes, and Monies, so granted, raifld, and appropriated,

and touching all other Matters and Things ntceflary for the Execution of the Powers vested in the said

Commissioners by the said Act ; all which Officers and Persons are hereby directed and required punctually

to attend the said Commissioners at such Time or Place as they, of any three or more of them, shall ap-

point, and also to observe and execute such Orders and Directions as the said Commissioners, or any three

or more of them, shall make or give for the Purposes before mentioned.

.. IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more

of them, shall be, and are hereby impowered to examine into any corrupt and fraudulent Pi actices, or

other Miscondud, committed by any rerfon or Persons concerned in the Management of any of the

Duties, Taxes, or Monies, so granted, raised, or appropriated, as aforesaid ; and for the better Exe-

Commifllanen

to examine, on

Oath, the Audi*

tors, and all

other Officer* of

the Exchtquer,

Comrr.iflioner*

of the I reafuiy,

Adourakjr, itc.

and also Com*

m mders in Chief

by Sea or Land,

Governor*,

Commiflakctt

db€«

p

tt

4

All which Of-

ficers , Scc. are bo

attend the Coot*

ir.iffiof err, and

execute their

Orders.

Caamissionera

impoweted to

examine into any

frau mlent Prac-

tices in the MA

cutionof this present Act, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised nagerremotpub-

to meet and fir, from Time to Time, in the old Secretary of State’s Office at lt'r!utthally or in any other *»c Monies.

Their Place of

Mretir.g.

M y itnd for

papers or

COldi.

Commissionerf

may appoint

Cleric^ dec. and

allow them S*»

Uric#.

w|*

Place where they shall think fit, with or without Adjournment, and to fend their Precept or Precepts,

tinder their Hands and Seals, for any Person or Persons whatsoever \ and for such Books, Papers, Writ-

ings, or Records, as they shall judge necefl'ary, for their Information relating to the Accounts, Matters,

and Things aforesaid; and all Bailiffs, Constables, Sheriffs, and other his Majesty’s Officers, are hereby

required to obey 2nd execute such Orders and Precepts aforesaid, as shall be sent to them, or any of them,

by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, touching the Premises : And the said Commis-

sioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to appoint and employ such Clerks, Mef-

fengers, and Officers, as they shall think meet, and to give to every of the said Clerks and Officers an

Oath for his true and faithful Demeanor in all Things relating to the due Performance of the Trust nposed

in him by the said Commissioners, and in all other Things touching the Premises; which Clerks and Of-

ficers arc hereby required faithfully to execute and perfoim the said Trust in them severally and re-

spectively reposed, without taking any Thing for such their Service, other than such Salary or Re-

ward as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think fit to direct and appoint in

that Bffialf.

V. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, at their Dif- Commissioneei

cretion, or as of en as they shall be thereunto required, and as soon as possible after the Determination of Ac.

their.Examinations and Proceedings by virtue of this Act, without any further Requilition, give an Ac- countof lheir

count of their Proceedings, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any

three or more of them, to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament; and

shall in like Manner repoit to his Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament, an exact State of the Fees

or Gratuities paid or given in collecting, issuing, expending, and accounting for, the said public Monies,

and the Authority under which such Fees and Gratuities aie paief or received ; and also what Defcds they

have observed, during the Course of their Examinations and Proceedings by-wirtue of this Act, in the

present Mode of contracting for public Services, or of executing public Services by Agents, or of collect-

ing, issuing, expending, and accounting for, the public Monies; and whether the said Defcds arise from

any Omission or Misdirection in the Laws respecting the Course used in the Receipt of the Exchequer, or

from any Defect in the Constitution in the Offices of the Auditors of the Imprtft, or from the Want of

a sufficient Number of fit and able Assistants employed by the said Auditors, in the Execution of their

Offices; or from any Defect in the Constitution of any of the Offices concerned in issuing, expending, and

Accounting for the Money appropriated to the public Service, or from a Want of a sufficient Power to

4 G 2 compel

* ^.

Proceedings to

bit Majesty, and

to both lloufes

of Parliament.

Enumeration of

Particular! to be

contained Lnfuck

Account.

