288

Oath to bt

t*k*n by such

Officers.

WVen ?i

on af to^l S«r-

viff, two De-

puty Lieute-

nants, Ac. shall

}. *v •!- lame

JV'tvers at Meet-

j ij as are

i • i m three

Deou'y Lieute-

lunts, &e. by

the recited Act.

Explanation of

the recitrd Act

in relation to

Miiina Men

who fha 11 ab-

feend or deiert.

Substitutes de-

ferring, shall,

heftdes fullering

Military Pu.

rilhment, serve

three Years

from the Day of

their Apprehen-

iron.

When any Mi-

litia Man de-

icrts, Com-

iranding Officer

to certify the

fame to the De-

puty Lieute-

nants, &c. who

/hall hold a Sut>

division Meet-

inp, and *» ♦ ilot

for another Per-

son to serve in

his Room.

Persons balfotted

pretending to be

Qn tkrrs, n uft

produce a Certi-

ficate thereof,

figr.ed by t ao re-

putable House-

keepers of that

Perfuahon,

Persons employ,

ed m His VI-.je-

lly’s Dock-yards

nor hanlc to

serve as Militia

Men ;

C. 59. Artno decimo octavo Georgii III. A. D. 1778.

4 T A B. do (wear, That I had not, between the any Place or Employment

4 A of Profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half-pay as a reduced

4 in late Regiment of (or Allowance as

4 in late Troop of Horse Guards, or

4 Regiment of Horse reduced), save and except my Pay as a Lieutenant or Ensign (as the Cafe may be)

4 for serving in the Militia of theXounty of

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to intitle such Person to receive his Half-pay, or the fai4

Allowance, without taking any other Oath ; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Law, Sta-

tute, or Uftige, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And oe it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Meeting for any County, City,

or Town, wh fe Militia shall be at that Time on actual Service, it shall be lawful for any two or more

of the Deputy Lieutenants of such County, City, or Town, or for any one Deputy Lieutenant together

with any one Justice of the Peace of such County, to have and exercise all the Powers conferred, by the

said recited Act, with respect to the Militia, on iTiy three Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Deputy Lieu-

tenants together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two

Justices of the Peace, of any County at large, any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwiih-

standing ; and that the said Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, and Justice of the Peace or Ju£-

tic s of the Peace, as aforesaid, shall have a Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time as they

shall fee proper.

4 XII. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether any Principal or Substitute, duly sworn and iorolled,

4 according to the Act of the second Year of his present Majesty, who shall neglect to join the Corps to

4 which he belongs, or who after having joined it shall desert or absent himself from his Duty in the fame,

4 before the*Expiration of the Term for which he was so sworn and inrolled, can be taken up and punished

4 according to Law, after the Expiration of the three Years for which he was so engaged and fworn/

it is hereby declared to be the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, That every Principal, Substitute*

and Volunteer, shall faithfully perform his three Years Service; and if he shall abscond or desert, or

absent himself from his Duty in the fame, before the Expiration of the Time for which he was inrolled*

whenever he is taken, he shall be subject to be punished for such Default or Desertion, and shall be obliged

to complete the Remainder of his three Years Service as was unexpired at the Time of such his Default

or Desertion.

4 XIII. And whereas several Persons have made a Pradiceof taking Money to serve, and have deserted*

4 and the pecuniary Penalty on such Persons in general cannot be levied for want of Substance, and the

4 Alternative of six Months Imprisonment, in the common Gaol of the County to which they belong,

4 ten s not only to corrupt instead of amending their Morals, but is a Loss to the Public as well as to their

4 Families, and also a great Expence to such rarish as is by Law obliged to support such Families / be it

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Substitute, sworn and inrolled after passing this

Ad, who shall desert, whenever he shall be taken, over and above such Military Punishment as shall be

inflicted on him, shall serve for and during the Space of three Years, to be computed from the Day on

which he was apprehended ; and the Commanding Officer shall order Notice to be given, to the Clerk of

the Subdivision in which he is engaged to serve, of his Desertion, and the Time of his Apprehension* that

he may make a frdh Entry of his Name in the Roll of the Men to serve for such Parish, for three Years

from the Time of his Apprehension, as aforesaid.

XLV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Principal, Substitute, or Volun-

teer, shall abscond, desert, or absent himself from his Duty, and shall not return or be taken in the Space

of three Months, that then, upon Certificate thereof from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment,

Battalion, or Independant Company, to the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace of the Hun-

dred or Division for which such Person so absconding, deserting, or absenting himself, was so chosen by

Lot, hired, or feived as Substitute or Volunteer; and such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace

are hereby required to hold a Subdivision Meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another Person to serve

and be returned to the Regiment, in the Room of such Person so having absconded, deserted, or absented

himself; and in case such Absentee shall at any Time return or betaken, he shall, notwithstanding any

Person shall be so chosen to serve in his Room, be compelled to serve out the Remainder of his Time, as

herein before directed.

4 XV. And whereas, in order to evade the Provisions already made by the Laws now in being con-

4 cerning the raising of the Militia, Persons may pretend to be Quakers who are not actually of that Perr

4 fu/ifion,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, when

the Lot shall have fallen on any one being, or pretending to be, one of the People called Quakers^ no

M.>n shall be deemed, taken, and accepted to be a Quaker within the Meaning of the said recited Act,

of the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, unless he produces, before the Deputy Lieute-

nant and Justict-s of the Peace their Subdivision Meeting, a Certificate, under the Hand of two or

more reputable Houlekeepers of the People called Quakers, acknowledging him to be one of their Per-

suasion.

4 XVI. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether Persons employed in his Majesty’s Dock-yards are by

4 the said recited Act, made in <hc second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, liable to serve, by

4 themselves or Subftrutes, as Militia Men / for obviating such Doubts, be it enacted by the Authority

aforesaid. That no Person or Persons a uially employed or muttered in his Majesty’s Dock-yards shall be

compelled to serve pertonally, or provide a Substitute to serve in the Militia; any Thing in the said recited

Act, or any other Law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided

