A. D. 1778. Anno decimo odlavo Georgii III. C. 26.

against any other Person or Persons making; Default of Payment as herein before is mentioned: And all

Parents, Guardians, and Tutors, making Payment as aforesaid, shall be allowed all and every Sum and

Sums paid for such Infants, in his, her, or their Accounts.

XXIX. Provided nevertheless. That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be

construed to extend, to charge with the Duties hereby granted as aforesaid, or either of them, any House,

cr other such Premises as aforesaid therewith occupied, in the Possession or Occupation of his Majesty, or

any of the Royal Family ; or to subject or charge any Ambassador or Foreign Minister residing in the

Kingdom of Great Britain, to or with the Payment of the said Duties, or either of them

4 XXX. And, for the better Information of the Commissioners appointed to carry this Act into Exe-

1 cution, and the Surveyors, and the Persons to be appointed Aflellors as aforesaid, with lefpedl to the

‘ annual Rent or Value of all Houses or Tenements charged by this Act, and the better to enable them

4 to perform their Duty,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners,

or any two of them, and the said Surveyors and Assessors, or any one or more of them, or any Person or

Persons authorised by them, or any of them, shall have Liberty to inspect, and to take Copies of, or Ex-

tradlsi from, any Book or Books kept by any Parish Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, of or

concerning the Rates payable to the Poor, or any other public Taxes, Rates, or Affi ftments, in any Part

of Great Britain within the Limits for which they shall be appointed : And if any Person or Persons, in

whose Custody or Power any of the said Books shall be, shall rtfufe or neglect to permit the said Infpcc-

tion, or the Copies or Extradls to be made as aforesaid, or to attend the Lid Commissioners with their

Books, when required so to do, then, and in every such Cafe, every Person who shall so refuse or neglect

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authoiitv aforesaid. That no Dwelling-house, or other such

Premises as aforesaid therewith occupieJ, chargeable by this Act as aforesaid, shall be estimated or rated

at any less Value yearly than that at which the fame stands legally rated and assessed to the public Rates,

Taxes, and Affi'flmenrs, or any of them now subsisting, where such Premises are charged by a Pound

Rate, and according to the full annual Value thereof respectively; and when such Premises as aforesaid

are charged by a Pound Rate, according to any proportionate Part of the real annual Value thereof re-

spedlively, the fame fh^ll not be estimated or rated, for the Purposes of this Act, at less than the full an-

nual Value, upon which such Proportions have been computed and taken as aforesaid.

XXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared. That no Farm-house shall be

assessed or rated as aforesaid for the Purpose of raising the Duty herein mentioned.

4 XXXIII. And, for the better understanding what is hereby meant as a Farm-house,’ it is further de-

clared, That all Houses bona fide used or occupied for the Purposes of Husbandry only, shall be deemed

and taken to be Farm-houses, and no other.

XXXIV. Provided always, That no such Farm-house, which shall be occupied by the Owner thereof,

shall be intttled to fudi Exemption, which shall be valued under this Act at more than ten Pounds per

Annum, dillincl from the Land therewith occupied.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge or make liable any Hospital, or House pro-

vided for the Reception and Relief of poor Persons, to the Payment of the Rate or Duty to be laid by

virtue of this Adb. '

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Occupier or Occupiers of any

Dwelling-house or Houses, in any Parish or Place, shall be charged or assessed to the Poor’s Rate or High-

way Duty for or in reaped! of any Rates or Duties impofrd and made payable by this Act; buf that such

Owners and Occupiers shall continue to be rated and assessed to the Poor’s Rate and Highway Duty in

such Manner as they were rated and assessed to the said Rates and Highway Duty respectively at the Time

of the puffing of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Payment of any of the Rates

and Duties granted by this Act by any Occupier or Occupiers of any Dwelling-house or Houses in any

Parish or Place, shall not intitle the Person or Persons, so paying such Rates or Duties, to a legal Settle-

ment in such Parish or Place.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That no Houses shall, within the Intention of this

Act, be deemed or taken to be inhabited Houses, except the fame shall be inhabited by the Owner, or by

a Tenant renting the fame.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted. by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall

think himself, herself, or themselves respectively overcharged or over-rated, by any Assessment, Charge,

or Su*charge, to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them

respectively, to appeal to the said Commissioners ; and that the said Commissioners, or any three or more

of them, shall, and they are hereby required to hear and determine all such Appeals; and that all.such

Appeals for the first Quarter shall be heard and determined between the tenth Day of December, one thou-

sand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and the fourth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and

seven'y-nine; and all future Appeals on the Days appointed, and in the Manner directed, in the several

Acts herein-before mentioned with respedb to the Rates and Duties thereby granted.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Commissioners, or any of them,

shall not, upon the Heading of any Appeal, make any Abatement or Defalcation in the Charge or Sur-

charge made upon any Pei ion by such Assessment as aforesaid, or the Surcharge of any such Surveyor or

Surv: ynfs as aforesaid; but the fame shall (land good, and remain Part of the annual Assessment, unless

it shall then appear to the said Commissioners, by Examination of the Circumstances of the Cafe upon

Oath, that such Person hath been over-rated in and by such Assessment or Surcharge; in which Cafes the

203

His Maj; fly ar>4

t. r Rovil Fa-

mily not li 1 ble

to p.iy th* Du-

ties j ror Fo-

ici^jn Mioifters,

Commissioners,

S jrvryi rs, Ac.

may inspect, or

take Copies of,

Parish Rates,

&c.

Penalty on Per-

fons polie fled of

sinh Rares, who

shall refuse such

Inspection, Arc.

All Houses to be

charged accord-

ing to the full

annual Value,

nutwi ih Handing

they may be

©therwife

charged in for-

mer Rates.

Farm houses not

to be rated.

What shall be

deemed a Farm-

house.

Certain Farm-

houses liable to

be rated.

Hospitals, 8cc,

not to be rated.

Occupiers of

Houses not to be

assessed to the

Poor's Rate or

Highway Duty,

for any Ratea

impolcd by this

Act.

Payment of the

Rates not to in-

title any Person

to a Settlement.

What Houses

flull be deemed

habitable.

Persons over-

rated may appeal

to the Comoaif-

fiouers.

When Appeals

shall be heard.

Commissioners,

on hearing of

Aipe.ls, not tO

make any A-

batement in the -

AileiTroent, Arc.

unless Proof be

made on Oath,

