THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Decimo Nono.

c AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twenty-ninth Day of November, Anno

4 /-\ Domini one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of

4 X JL our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France,

4 and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, bV.

4 And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twenty-sixth Day of November, one thousand

* seven hundred and seventy-eight; being the fifth Session of the fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain .*

CAP. I.

An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled. An All to impower his Majesty tofecure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of the Crime

cf High Freason, committed in any of his Majesty s Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas9

or the Crime of Piracy. [Further continued till Jan. 1. 1780.]

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service

of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine. 4 x.

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for

the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

CAP. IV.

An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of

certain Mullins, Callicoes, and Coffee.

WHEREAS there are great Quantities of Muslins and white Callicoes still remaining in the

Kingdom, which were imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the

4 East Indies, which, by Reason of the Interruption given to Trade by the Rebellion and Disturb-

4 ances fubiifting in federal of the British Colonies in North America, the Proprietors of such Goods have

4 not been, and may not be, able to export within the Term of three Years from the Importation there-

4 of, being the Time limited by Law to intiile them to receive the Drawback of the Duties thereon ;

4 and it is reasonable and necessary that some further Time should be granted for the Exportation of such

4 Goods \ may it therefore pleal'e your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament afieinbled, and by the Authority of the same, That, for all Muslins

and white Callicoes which were imported by the said United Company into this Kingdom, in the Years

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and which {hall be exported from hence before the thirtieth Day

of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty ; and for all.Muslins and white Callicoes imported

into this Kingdom by the said United Company, in the Years one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six,

and one thousand seven hundred and fevcuty-leven, and which shall be exported from hence before the

thirtieth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one ; and for ail Aluflins and white

Callicoes which have been exported from this Kingdom, and which were returned here for want of a

Market abroad, on or before the thirtieth Day of December, ore thous.ind seven hundred and seventy-five,

and which fh all be re-expoited again from hence before the thirtieth Day c t December, one thousand seven

Vol. XIII. Pan III. . Sf hundred

Preamble,

The Term II-

nited by Ljw

for paying the

Dravibdck on

the Expert’.lion

of MlA r 3 and

*hite C-Iiicccs,

extended.

