250

OfHcets con-

cerned in the

Receipt of

Money to give

Security.

Penalty on Offi-

cers misappjying

any of the said

Monies,

City infwerable

in case of any

Misapplication

by them.

Amerciaments,

Sec. against the

City to be appli-

cable to the Uses

of this Act, and

not to be dif-

charged, Sex

Disbursements of

the 40,0001. to

be included in

the Chamber-

lain's annual

Account.

Bonds, Sec, not

liable to any

Duty,

This Act not to

a Red any of the

City’s present

Creditors. '

Prisoners may be

temoved.

Limitation of

A<ftions«

General Issue.

Treble Cost s.

Public Act.

A

C. 48. Anno decimo odavo Georg 11 Ilf, A. D, 1778.

to the said Clerks and Officers respectively for their Care and Pains in the Execution of their respective

Offices as they shall think reasonable; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wile not-

withstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Officer and Officers, or other Person or Persons

whomsoever concerned or to be concerned in the Receipt of the Money by this Act appropriated to ihe

Uses aforesaid, before he or they shall be admitted to take upon him or them the Execution ofiany of the

said Office or Offices, shall be bound with sufficient Sureties to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citi-

zens for the just: and faithful Execution of such Office or Employment, in such reasonable Sum or Sums as

by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, or by any Committee to be appointed by them as

aforesaid, shall be thought fitting, having regard to the Trust reposed or tq be reposed in such Officer or

Officers.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Chamberlain of the said City of London, or other Officer or

Person aforesaid, shall, after Receipt of any of the said Monies, divert or misapply the fame, or any Part

thereof, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then such Chamberlain, or other Officer or

Person aforesaid, so diverting or misapplying the said Money, shall forfeit Treble the Sum so misapplied ;

which said Forfeitures shall be recovered by any of the Creditors of the said City claiming under or by vir-

tue of the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary, or by the Executors,

Administrators, or Assigns of any of them, who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or

Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, wherein no Efloin, Protection, or Wager of

Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That if the said Sum of forty thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof,

shall happen to be misapplied or converted to any other Ufc than as aforesaid, by the said Mayor and Com-

monalty and Citizens of London for the Time being, or any of their Officers, or any other Person, by Co-

Ljur of any Warrant or Authority by, from, or under them, then and in such Cafe the said Mayor and

Commonalty and Citizens shall be answerable for the fame, out of the Revenues of the said Corporation,

in any Action to be brought by any of the said Creditors, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns;

which said Sum so recovered shall be applied to the same Uses as the fame Sums (if not misapplied) should

or might have been, excepting the Costs of Suit, which shall be to and for the Benefit of him, her, or

them to filing.’

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Amerciaments, Fines, Issues, or Distrefles,

against the said Corporation of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, had, charged, or levied, in

or upon account of such Suits or Actions brought, shall be applied to the Uses aforesaid, and to no other

Use whatsoever; nor shall the fame be pardoned, acquitted, or discharged, by any Letters of Signet, Privy

Seal of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or otherwise howsoever; any Law or Usage to the contrary

notwithstanding. ,

XV. And be it further enacted. That in the annual Account, in and by the said Act of the seventh Year

of his present Majesty, directed to be by the Chamberlain of the said City of London for the Time being

laid before each House of Parliament, as by the last-mentioned Act is directed, shall be included an Account

of the pftburfements of the said Sum of forty thousand Pounds, or of so much thereof as shall have then

been raised and borrowed.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Bond, Note, Contraft, Agreement, Align-

ment, Entry, Copy, or Proceeding, by this Act directed or authorised to be executed, made, or given,

shall be charged or chargeable, or subject or liable to any Duty whatsoever.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to lessen or affect the Security of any of the present Creditors of the said Mayor and

Commonalty and Citizens further or otherwise than is herein expressly directed and enacted.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Sheriffs of the City

of London and the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex respectively are and is hereby authorised and empow-

ered to remove to, keep, and detain in the new Gaol of Newgate, although the Whole of the said Gaol

{hall not be then completed, all or any of the Prisoners committed or hereafter to be committed to the

County Gaol of the said City and County; and that the Removal of all or any of such Prisoners shall not

be deemed or construed to be an Escape in the said Sheriffs of the said City or in the Sheriff of the said

County 5 any Law to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Action shall be brought or Suit

commenced against any Person or Persons for any Tiling done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the

Premises, or any of them, every such Action or Suit shall belaid or brought within six Calendar Months

next after the Fast done, and shall be laid or brought in the said City of London, and not elsewhere; and

the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special

Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the

Authority of this Act : A nd if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall

not be brought within the Time before limited, or shall be brought in any other City, County, or Place,

than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Party

{hall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if Judgment

{hal! be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the said Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have

such Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Cafes

by Law.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts

whatsoever as a public Act ; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take No-

tice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP.

