t8fl>

itr<S repealed.

V

BreiciHIe*

'Ko Tax t# be

jiereafter im-

tpoGrd, bjr the,

King‘and Par-

liament of Great

Britain, on any

of the Colonies

in North Ame-

rica or the Weft

Indict) except,

Ac.

So much of an

Aa 7 Geo. III.

at imposes a

Duty on Tea

Imported from

Great Britain

‘into America,

^repealed.

Preamble.

His Majesty em-

powered to ap-

point five Cora-

missioners to

treat with the

Americans for

Redrest of

C iterances, dec.

The Regula-

tions, dec. agreed

on, not to he

G. 17, 13. Anno decimoo&avo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

potto), and Commons, (n this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of die feme. That,

from and after tha passing of this Act, the said Act, of the fourteenth Year of the Reign of bi. present

Majesty, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

-t

CAP. XII.

An Act for removing all Poubts and Apprehensions concerning Taxation by the Parliament

of Great Britain in any of the Colonies, Provinces, and Plantations in North America

and the West Indies \ and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the seventh Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a Duty on Tea imported from Great Britain

into any Colony or Plantation in America, or relates thereto.

Wf HEREAS axation by the Parliament of Great Britain, for the Purpose of railing a Revenue

in hrs Majesty’* Colonies, Provinces, and Plantations in North America, has been found by Ex*

t porience to occasion great Uneafinefles and Disorders among his Majesty’s faithful Subjects, who may

4 nevertheless be <iifpoied to acknowledge the Justice of contributing to the common Defence of the

4 Empire, provided such Contribution foould be raised under the Authority of the General Court, or

4 General Assembly, of each respective Colony, Province, or Plantation: And whereas, in order as well

4 to remove the said Uneafinefles, and to quiet the Minds of his Majesty's Subjects who may be disposed

4 to return to their Allegiance, as to restore the Peace and Welfare of all his Majesty’s Dominions, it i*

4 expedient to declare that the King and Parliament of Great Britain will not impose any Duty, Tax, or

4 Assessment, for the Purpose of raising a Revenue in any of the Colonies, Provinces, or Plantations :*

May it please your Majesty that it may be declared and enacted; And it is hereby declared and enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the feme.

That, from and after the passing of this Act, the King and Parliament of Great Britain will not impose

any Duty, Tax, or Assessment whatever, payable in any of his Majesty’s Colonies, Provinces, and Plan*

Cations in North America or the West Indies \ except only such Duties as it may be expedient to impose for

the Regulation of Commerce; the net Produce of such Duties to be always paid and applied to and for the

XJfe of the Colony, Province, or Plantation, in which the fame shall be respectively levied, in such.

Manner as other Duties collected by the Authority of the respective General Courts, or General Aflem-

*blres, of such Colonies, Provinces, or Plantations, are ordinarily paid and applied.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act*

so much of an Act, made in the seventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for grant*

inr certain Duties in the British Colonies end Plantations in America; for allowing a Drawback of the Duties

of Customs upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of the Produce of "the said Colonies

^r Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks jpayable on China Earthen Ware extorted ft America; and

for more effectually preventing the clandestine running of Goods in the said Colonies ana Plantations; as imposes

a Duty on Tea imported from Great Britain into any Colony or Plantation in America, or has Relation

to the said Duty, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to enable his Majesty to appoint Commissioners with sufficient Powers to trqaf,

consult, and agree upon the Means of quieting the Disorders now subsisting in certain

of the Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces of North America.

4 YT^OR the quieting and extinguishing of divers Jealousies and Apprehensions of Danger to their

4 J/ Liberties «nd Rights, which have alarmed many of his Majesty’s Subjects in the Colonies, Pro-

4 vinces, and Plantations of New Hampshire, Massachufets Bay, Rhode ljland, Connecticut, New York,

4 New Jersey, Pensylvania, the Three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Caro

4 lina, South Carolina, and Georgia; and for a full Manifestation of the just and gracious Purposes of his

Majesty, and his Parliament, to maintain and secure all his Subjects in the clear and'perfect Enjoyment

4 of their Liberties and Rights;’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

.sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it {hall and may be lawful for his Majesty, from Time

to Time, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to authorHe and empower five able

and sufficient Persons, or any three of them, to treat, consult, and agree with any Body or Bodies Politic

and Corporate, or with any Assembly or Assemblies of Men, or with any Person or Persons whatsoever,

of and concerning any Grievances, or Complaints of Grievances, existing, or supposed to exist, in th,e

Government of any of the said Colonies, Provinces, or Plantations respectively, or in the Laws and Sta-

tutes of this Rtalm respecting the fame; and of or concerning any Aid or Contribution to be furnished

by any of the said Colonies, Provinces, or Plantations respectively, for the common Defence of this

Realm, and the Dominions thereunto belonging; and of and concerning any other Regulations, Pro-

vilions, Matters, and Things, necessary or convenient for the Honour of his Majesty, and nis Parliament,

and for the coraimn Good of all his Subjects.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Regulation, Provision, Mit er, or

'Thing, so proposed, treated, consulted, or agreed, shall have any other Force or Effect, or be carried

3 further

e

