AS2

*nEftatc of jcoK

V^lue, aos. ice. ;

For every f-lcin,

ice. use^ in the

Copy of a Will,

id.:

For ditto used in

any Libel, Arc. in

any Ecclesiastical

<« '

For evety Piece,

&c. used in Writs

of Coveruat for

For ditto used in

Writs of Entry

for fuft’ering a

Forevcry Skin of

Vellum, used in

any Exemplifi-

cation that Hull

For every Skin,

See. used in any

Piefenration or

Donation uncer

the Gre*t Seal,

or in any Colla-

tion, Sec. to

any Ecclesiastical

For every Skin,

•Arc. used in any

D spenfath n to

hold two Bene-

ficey, dec. 40 s. t

For every Skin,

Arc. used in toy

Drawback, of

Customt, Ac,

8d.j

For every Piece,

Arc, used in any

Bill of Lading for

Esportatior, 4d.

Probates of the

Will*, Arc. of

common Seamen

or Soldiers not

chargeable by

‘this A&. v

The aforefa'd

Duties to be un-

der the M^n ge-

mentoftheCom-

mitfioners of the

Stamp-oflice.

Commissionert

may provide one

new Srampto de

note the several

Du’ies granted

by different A£s.

All Vrllum, Arc.

liable to the new

Duties, shall,be-

fore it is tngroflf

eJ,Arc.be brought

to the Stamp-

offi e to be

tamped.

.G. 66'. Anno decimo nono Georg if JII. A» D. ijjg*

dition^l Stamp-duty of twenty Shillings where the Estate is of, or above, the Value of three hundred

Pounds, over and above all other Duties now charged thereon:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which is ingrossed

or written the Copy of any Will, an additional Stamp-duty of one Penny : *\

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which is ingrossed or

written any Libel, Allegation, Depofuion, or Inventory, exhibited in any Ecclesiastical Court, the Courts

of Admiralty, and Cinque Ports, and all Copies thereof, an additional Stamp-duty of Six-pence:

Court, Ate. 6d.;

j

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, upon which any Writ of Covenant for levying Fines £hafl he

ingrossed or written, an additional, Stamp-duty of five Shillings;

levying Fines, 5 s.:

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, upon which any Writ of Entry for suffering a common Re-

covery shall be ingrossed or written, an additional Stamp-duty of five Shillings:

common Recovery, 5 s.: A

* For every Skin of Vellum, upon which is ingrossed or written any Exemplification, of what Nature fd-

ever, that mall pass the Seal of any Court whatsoever, an additional Stamp-duty of five Shillings :

spafs the Seal of any Court, 5 s.:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any PrefenN

ation or Donation which shall pass the Great Seal, or upon which any Collation to be made by any

?Archbishop or other Bifoop, or any Presentation or Donation to be made by any Patron whatsoever, of or

to any Benefice, Dignity, or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion whatsoever, i]ha)l be ingrossed or written,

an additional Stamp-duty of forty Shillings; provided such Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion, shall be ef

the yearly Value of teniPounds, or above, in the King’s Books;

Promotion above a certain Value, 40 s. 1

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Difpen-

fation to hold two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or both a Dignity and a Benefice, or any other

Dispensation or Fadulty fr.om the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Matter of the Faculties for the

Time being, shall be ingrossed or written, an additional Stamp-duty of forty Shillings :

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in-

grofled, written, or printed, any Certificate or Debenture for drawing back any Customs or Duties, or

any Part of ahy Custom’S or Duties, for or in respect of the reshipping or exporting of any Goods or

Merchandises, which shall be exported or shipped to be exported from Great Britain, for any Parts beyond

the Seas, amadditional St imp-duty of Eight pence :

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed,

written, or printed, 2ny Note or Bill of Lading, which shall be ligned for any Goods or Merchandises to

be exported, an additional Stamp-duty of Four-pence.

II. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge the Probate of any Will, orLet-

ttisof Administration, of any common Seaman or Soldier who shall be (lain or die in his Majesty’s Service,

a Certificate being produced from the Captain of the Ship or Vefl’el, or Captain of the Troop or Company,

under whom such Seaman or Soldier served at the Time of his Death, and Oath made of the Truth thereof

before the proper Judge or Officer by whom such Probate or Administration ought to be granted, which

Oath such Judge or Officer is hereby authorised and required to administer, and for which no Fee or Reward

shall be taken.

III. And be it further enaifted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more effectual levy-

ing, collecting, and paying, all the said additional Duties herein-before granted, the fame shall be under

the Government* Care, and Management, of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage

the Duties charged on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are

hereby required-andEmpowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and to use

and provide such Stamps to denote the said several Duties as shall be requisite in that Behalf, and to do all

other Things necefl’ary to be done for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the said several Rates

and Duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the major Part

of them, arc authorised to pat in Execution any former Law concerning liamped Vellum, Parchment, arid

Paper.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, to prevent the

Multiplication of Stamps upon such Pieces of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheets or Pieces of Paper, oh

which several Duties are by several Acts of Parliament imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the fafd

Commiflinners, instead of the distintft Stamps directed to be provided to denote the several Duties on the

Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, charged therewith, to cause, if they shall fee Occasion, one new Stamp to

be provided to denote the said several Duties, and the Duty granted by this Act, on every Piece of Vel-

lum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, charged with the said several Duties.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper,

liable to the Duties hereby charged, shall, before the fame shall be ingrossed, printed, or written upon, be

brought to the Heal Office for (lamping or marking Vellum, Parchment, pr Paper; and the said Com-

missioners, y themselves, or by their Officers employed under them, shall forthwith, upon Demand to

them made, by any Person or Persons, from Time to Time, (lamp or mark, as this A&diie&s, any Quan-

4 titles

