222

Reservation of

the Rights of

the Court Baron

for the Soake of

Bolin^brooke.

Limitation Of

A<fLons.

Genera] I flue.

Treble Costs.

Public Act.

Preamble.

Commissioners

Names.

C. 35, 36. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

out of the said Court of Requests, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff* or Defendant, shall neglect

or refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, at the Time and Place therein mentioned, and

due Proof shall be made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons and no Cause of Absence be shewn or

assigned, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present at the Court to which such Person shall be by

fuen Subpoena or Summons required to apoear, and Oath shall be made before the said Commissioners, by

the Party at whose Instance and on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued, that the Person served

therewith was a material Witness for such Party, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commission-

ers, or any three or more of them, assembled in such Court, to impose and lay a Fine, not exceeding fifty

Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to be levied (if not immediately paid on Demand) by Distress and*

Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hapds and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any

three or more of them; which Fine, when paid or levied, shall be paid over to the Party at whose Instance

such Subpoena or Summons issued.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not extend

to alter, change, takeaway, or annul, any of the Rights, Privileges, Franchises, and Jurisdictions, be-

longing to his most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his L)uchy of Lancaster, as Lord of the Honour of Bo-

lingbrooke, or of the Right Honourable the Earl of Scarborough, as Lessee of the said Honour of Bolingbrooke, '

or his Under Lessee, their Heirs or Assigns 5 but that the fame shall be, remain, and continue, in as full

and ample Power, Jurisdiction, and Authority, as if this Act had never been made, and shall not be, or

be deemed to be, altered, lessened, or affected thereby; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof

in anywifenotwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be

brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pur-

fuance of this Act, such Action orf Suit shall be brought or commenced within three Calendar Months next

after the Cause of Action shall anfc, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County of Lincoln, and

not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General

issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereon: And if the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue such Action or Suit, or if upon a Verdict or

Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and

may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedies for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants can or

may have in other Cafes where Costs are given by Law.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged,

and taken to be a public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and

other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Stow* in the County of

Suffolk.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Isle of Elyr in the

County of Cambridge.

WHEREAS several extensive Branches of Trade and Business are carried on in the Isle of Ely, in

the County of Cambridge, and many ill-disposed Persons, within the said Id?, do contract small

4 Debts, and although able, refuse to pay the fame, presuming on the Discouragement which Creditors lie

4 under, from proceeding for the Recovery of such Debts by the present Forms of Law, on account of the

‘ great Expences and Delays which attend the fame: And whereas such Debts, so contrafted within the

4 JjJc of Ely, cannot be sued for or recovered in the County Court belonging to the County of Cambridge:

4 And whereas an easy and speedy Method of recovering fma’l Debts, within the said Isle, will greatly

4 tend to promote Industry, and support and encourage ufeftil Credit therein ;’ may it therefore please your

.Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Honourable Charles Hervey I\ D. Sir Henry

Peyton Baronet, Sir Philip Vavazor Knight, John Warren D. D. Richard Colvile, Francis Dixon, John

Drage, "John Goddard, Charles Gould\ John Gardner, Marriot Gardner, Aungier Peacocke, John Wadding-

ton, Robert Walfham, George Waddin^ton, Esquires; James Bentham, William Cole, John Dickinson, Wil-

liam Holden, Abraham Jobfon, and David Wray, Clerks; Oglethorpe Wainman M. L). James Addington,

William A'tnger, Joseph Brown Allen, John Argles, Thomas Arks, James Aveling, William Avcling, Francis

Baggc, John Bateman, James Bellamy, Robert Bellamy, Richard Bevill, Thomas Bleckley, Thomas Boyce,

Charles Boyce, James BoyceLcdowick Boyce, Abraham Briggs, Joseph Briggs, Matthew Brackenbury$ James

By aa'ey, William Brown, Richard Bttrridge, John Cain, Bennet Clare, Thomas Chapman, Robert Cherfe

wright, David Cowherd, Thomas Elfome, Richard Emotfon, Thomas Fawffi’tt, Charles Freeman, William

Frufhtr, Robert Garnhanu Cook Gallaway, Stephen Gilder, John Glenton, Thomas Gotched, Robert Grimditch,

David Grounds, Thomas Ground, John Ground, Joseph Hancock, John Hancock, Thomas Hammond junior*

Thomas Haffon, John Harr if on, Robert Har divicke, John Ha r lock. Henry Haynes, Robert Hemmant, JVil-

li am Hill, George Hutcheffon, John Ibbott, Joseph jaques, Robert Kilby, Samuel Kempton, Robert Hutchejjon

Lcwin, Thomas Life, Joftah King Life, William Livermore, William Long, John Lowdcn, John Luff, Hugh

MapUfden, Henry Lawrence May dwell, William Martin, Isaac Meers, Gilbert Miller, Henry Money, Tho-

mas

e

