The TITLES of the S TAT U T E S.

74. An Act foi* dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Field and Commonable Lands lying within the

Townships and Liberties of Great Bourton and Little Bour-

ton, in the Parish of Crotredy, in the County of Oxford.

75. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Dole

or Heath Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, with-

in the Parish of Felthorpey in the County of Norfolk.

)6. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty,

the Onen Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-

mon Downs, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places,

within the Pariftiof Market Lavingtony in the County of

Wilts.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common or Moor,

called Hewtell Common alias Housedon, in the Parifil of

Kirknewtony in the County of Northumberland.

78. An Act for confirming Exchanges of Lands and Tithes

of and in the Open and Uninclosed Common Fields,

within the Manor and Parish'of Wendovery in the Coun-

ty of Buckingham ; and for establishing and securing cer-

tain annual Payments in lieu of Tithes.

79. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Waste Grounds, and certain Common Fields, and also

two Mosses, called Waitham Moss and Hilderstone Moss,

within the Manor of Yealands, in the Parifil of Wartony

and County Palatine of Lancaster.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

and other Commonable Lands, lying and being in Wyke-

ham and Caudwelly in the Parifil of Rothley, in the County

of Leic^fter.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing three several Moors

or Commons, called Low Gatherley Moory Moor Holme,

and The High Moory situate in the several Townships of

Kirkby Ravensworth, Ravensworth, and IVhajhton, in the

Parish of Kirkby Ravensworth, in the North Riding of

the County of fork.

52. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Braithwaite

Esquire, with Elizabeth Browne, his now Wife ; and to

enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes there-

in mentioned.

53. An Act to enable William Kilborn and his Issue Male

to take and use the Surname of Burrowes, pursuant to

the Will of John Burr owes deceased.

54. An Act for vetting the Real Estates late of Ann Phil-

lips Spinster, now the Wife of Henry Barnes Gentleman,

comprised in their Marriage Settlement, situate in the

County of Salop, in Trustees, to be sold ; and for apply-

ing the Purchase-money for the Purposes in the Ad

mentioned.

55. An Act for vesting in Trustees and their Heirs certain

Estates of Philip Jones, and Robert Berkley, Esquires, in

the Counties of Kent and Sussex, in order to sell the same,

and, with Part of the Purchase-money, to discharge

certain Incumbrances thereon ; and for laying out the

Residue of the Purchase-money in the Purchase of other

Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Estates

to be sold stand limited.

tf. An Act for discharging Part of the settled Estates of

Thomas Hull Esquire, in the Counties of Dorset and

Devon, from the Uses and Trusts of his Marriage Set-

tlement; and for settling other Estates, in the County

of Devon, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes.

87. An Act for uniting and better regulating the Charities

of Nathaniel Wtiterhouse, within the Town and Parish of

Halifax, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

S8. An Act for vesting certain Pieces or Parcels of Ground

and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, Part of the

settled Estate of William Wheatley Esquire, in Trustees,

to be sold to Sir Sampson Gideon Baronet, pursuant to

Agreement; and for laying out the Money axifing by

Vox.. JC1II. Part L

Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands or tlefedit^

ments, to be settled to the same Uses.

89. An Act for vesting certain Messuages and Heredita-

ments, in the several Parishes of Kirkwhelpington, Lo~

wick, and Simonbwrne, in the County of Northumberland.\

late Part of the Estate of Sir John Swinburne Baronet,

deceased, in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust, to be

fold, discharged from the Uses, Trusts, Charges, and

Powers, in the Will of the said John Swinburne men-

tioned ; and for applying the Money to arise by Sale

thereof in Manner therein mentioned; and for other

Purposes therein expressed.

90. An Act to enable William Jackson and Hannah his

Wife to carry into Execution an Agreement for Sale of

certain Hereditaments, situate at or near Barney, in the

County of Norfolk (being their settled Estate) to Rich-

ard Reeve the younger. Gentleman; and for laying out

the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other

Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses to

which the faiJ settled Estate doth now stand limited.

91. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tene-

ments, and Hereditaments, in the Isle of Wighty the

settled Eftare of Elizabeth Trattle of Cardijfy in the

County of Glamorgan Widow; and also a certain Mef—

fuage, and Lands and Hereditaments, of the Warden

and Scholars, Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester*

near Wincheflery in the County of Southampton, in Truf-

tees, in Trust, to sell and convey Part of the said settled

Estate, and also the said Estate of the said Wardens and

Scholars, Clerks, to Sir Richard Worsley Baronet; and

other Part of the said settled Estates, to the said Warden

and Scholars, Clerks; and to apply Part of the Money',

arising from such Sale, in paying off an Incumbrance

affecting Part of the said settled Estate; and for laying

out the Residue of the said Money in the Purchase of

other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like

Uses; asd to enable the said Warden and Scholars,.

Clerics, to take a Conveyance of that Part of the said

settled Estates intended to be conveyed to them-

92. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of IVil-

liam Weddell Efauire, in Trustees, to be sold ; and for

laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Pur-

chafe of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu-

thereof; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

93. An Act for vesting the Real and Personal Estate oF

John Harvey Gentleman, a Lunatic, in Trustees, in

Trust, to fell so much thereof as will be sufficient for

the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of John Harvey

his late Father deceased; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

94. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the twelfth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An All

for vesting the Manors Lands* and Tenements, both Free-

hold and Leasehold, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of

Charles Baldwyn Esquirey in Trustees, to be sold; and for

laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of

other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the fame

JJfes which are now subsisting with regard to the said Free-

hold settled Estate; and for settling the said Manors*.

Lands, and Tenements, to new and other Uses.

95. An Act for rendering valid and effectual a Partition

bet weep Taylor IPkite Esquire, and Sarah his Wife, and

Thomas Fowke Esquire, and Ann his Wife, of several

Estates in the Counties of Huntingdon, Leicejhry Cam-

bridge, EJfexy and Kent; and for vesting and settling tb^,

fame to the Uses, and upon the Trusts, contained in

their respective Marriage Settlements and for otheE^

Purposes therein mentioned.

96. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange

agreed to be made between the Right Honourable George:

JLord.

