A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii II C. 30. 209

VIII. Saving always to the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all and every Geneiil Saving,

other Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors,

Executors, and Administrators (other than the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospi-

tal), all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, as he, she, or they had or enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the

said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, so to be exchanged with the said Duke of

Northumberland as aforesaid, before the passing of this Act, or could, might, or ought to have had or en-

joyed in case this Act had not been made*

CAP. XXX.

An Act for the more effectually levying of the Duty upon Servants in that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland.

\\ WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty’s Preamble.

VV Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in m

the fever a ICapacities therein mentioned \ and for repealingfeveral Rates and Duties upon Glass, imposed by an Cap. To.

Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and

4 Duties upon Glass in Lieu thereof \ and for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass y and for repealing the

4 several Rates and Duties charged, by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty,

4 uton all Persons and Bodies Politick and Corporate having certain Quantities of Silver Plate; it was enacted*

4 That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, there should

4 be charged, raised, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, after the Rate of twenty*

4 one Shillings per Annum for every male Servant, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, who should then

4 have been, or should afterwards be retained or employed in the several Capacities in the said Act men-

tionetf: And whereas it was by the.said Act enacted, That the Duty by the said Act imposed upon Ser-

4 vants should be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and received, by such Persons, and should be paid into

his Majesty’s Exchequer for the Purposes in the said Act expressed, in such and the like Form and ManT

4 ner, and with such Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according

to such Roles, Methods, and Directions, as are prescribed or appointed for assessing, raising, levying^

4 collecting, receiving, and paying, the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, in and by an Act, made

in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates toGeo.^

and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon CaP* 3*

4 Houses, Windows, or Lights \ and for raising the Sum offour millions four hundred thousand Pounds by Ahnu*

4 it its, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties j and in and by another Act, made in the twentieth Year of

4 his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act to enforce the Execution of an Act of this Session of Parliament, for Cap.

4 granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and in and by an Act*

4 made in the twenty-nrft Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, %% Cco. II.

and further enforcing the Execution of an Act, pofjed in the la ft Session of Parliament, intituled, 4k An Act for Cap. 10.

44 repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Ltghts 5 and for granting to his

4< Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of four

44 millions four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties and

in and by an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for 3/ Ik

4 granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Penftons; and upon Houses; and upon IVin- Caf>’ 22

4 dows or Lights j and for raising the Sum offive millions by Annuities, and a Lottery, to be charged on the said

4 Rates and Duties; and by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

4 An Act for granting to his Majesty fiveral Rates and Duties upon Windows, or Lights; and by an Act, made 2 Gro. Ill,

in the sixth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties £*p-

4 upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Duties upon Houses, TVindows, Ca

and Lights; or by any of them; and that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Pe-

4 nalties. Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, then in Force, contained in the said several Acts,

4 or any of them, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the Rates and Duties thereby

4 granted, should be in full Force, and be truly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the

4 whole Kingdom of Great Britain, for the assessi ng, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the Dufies uport

4 Servants, by the said Act of the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty granted, as fully and effectually,

4 to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame were for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and charging,

the Rates and Duties granted by the aforesaid Acts, or any of them so far as the said Powers, Authorities,

4 Rules, and Penalties, are applicable thereunto, and not altered by the said Act of the seventeenth Year

4 of his present Majesty; and that all Monies arising by the said Duty granted by the said last-mentioned

4 Act (the necessary Charges for raising and accounting for the fame excepted) should, from Time to Time*

4 be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster, distinftly and apart from all other

4 Branches of the public Revenue, and should be carried to, and made Part of, the Fund commonly called

4 The Sinking Fund: And whereas, by one other Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-sixth Year of his

4 said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more efieft.ual levying the Duties upon Windows or Lights, «nd *6 Cco. 11*

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, after reciting as therein is recited, it was enacted, That the Cap. 17.

4 Duties and Rates, by the Acts therein mentioned, imposed upon Windows or Lights, in that Part of

4 Great Britain called Scotland, should, from and after the fifteenth Day of May, one thousand seven hun-

4 dred and fifty-three, be raised, levied, and collected, in Manner therein mentioned: And whereas it is

4 apprehended that the several Provisions, made in and by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his late

Majesty, for raising, levying, and collecting, the several Duties or Rates upon Houses, Windows, or

4 JLights, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, should be enforced with regard to the raising, levy-

6 4 ing%

^ ^.

