A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 27.

2V$

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twentieth Day of Aprils one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, over and above all Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and all

other Subsidies, additional Duties, and Impositions whatsoever, due or payable for all Wines and Vinegar

imported into Great Britain^ by any A61 or Acts of Parliament now in Force, there shall be raised, levied,

collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (before landing thereof), the additional Im-

positions, Rates, or Duties following, without any Discount or Deduction inwards whatsoever, or any

Drawback upon Re-exportation afterwards, except as herein-after is provided; that is to say, For every

Ton of French Wine and French Vfnegar, which shall be imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of eight

Pounds and eight Shillings; and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity; and also for every

Ton of all other Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of four Pounds and four Shil-

lings; and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity; the fame to be raised, levied, collected,

paid, and recovered, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, and under

such Penalties and Forfeitures (except as toDifcounts and Drawbacks aforesaid), as are mentioned and ex-

pressed in the Act of Parliament made and passed in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

James the Second (intituled, An Act for granting his Majesty an Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar imported

between the twenty fourth Day of June, one thousand six hundred and eighty-fivey and the twenty fourth Day of

June, one thousand six hundred and ninety-three/, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, by which the

said Impositions, Rates, and Duties, upon all Wines and Vinegar imported, were continued and made

perpetual; and all Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Articles, and Clauses, therein contained,

not anyways altered by this Act, shall continue in full Force and Effect during the Continuance of the said

Impositions, Rates, and Duties, hereby granted, and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for the

railing, levying, collecting, securing, answering, and paying, the said Impositions, Rates, and Duties,

according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes,

as if the said Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been again repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this

present Act, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to lay

any further Duties upon Wines damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, and for which the Merchants or

Importers thereof shall refCtfe to pay or secure the Duties; and which by an Act, passed in the twelfth Year

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Ah for the Improvement of his Majesty's

Revenues (f Custom, Excisey and inland Duties), are, on such Refusal, directed to be received into the Cuf-

tody of proper Officers of the Customs, to be publicly fold, in order to be distilled into Brandy, or to be

made into Vinegar.

III. And it is hereby enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Impositions, Rates, and Duties,

by this Act granted, mall, from Time to Time, be under the Management and Direction of the respec-

tive Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, and their Officers for the Time being, and shall be paid into

the Hands of the Receiver-general of the Customs in England for the Time being; and such Receiver-gene-

ral shall weekly, to wit, on Wednesday in every Week, if it be not an Holy day, and if it be, then on the

next Day after that is not an Holy-day, answer and pay all the Monies arising by the said additional Impo-

fitions, Rates, and Duties (the neceflfary Charges of railing, collecting, and answering the fame, only ex-

cepted), into the Receipt of his Majeshrs Exchequer, distinct and apart from all other Monies which such

Receiver-general shall receive for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Uses and Pur-

poses in this Act mentioned.v

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept, in the

Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising

from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate

and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Ac-

count whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, to-

gether with such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this Session

of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the*several Annuities, and all such other

Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of

Parliament (intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a

Lottery).

Annuities granted by the Lottery Act of

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, TTiat, upon the Ex-

portation of any Sort of Wine (except French Wines) from this Kingdom, to any British Colony or Plan-

tation in America, as Merchandize, the Exporter shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of all the before-

,mentioned Duties paid upon the Importation of such Wine by virtue of this Act, except the Sum of three

Pounds thirteen Shillings and Six-pence per Ton; which Drawback or Allowance shall be made in such

Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Respects, as any former

Drawback or Allowance, payable out of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation of such Wine, was,

could, or might be made before the passing of this Act.

VI. And, for the better preventing the clandestine Importation of Wines in small Casks, and landing

the fame in this Kingdom without Payment of Duties,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight,

no Wines of the Growth or Produce of any Part of the Dominions belonging to the Crowns of Spain or

Portugal, and that no French Wines, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain in any smaller Vessel

or Cask than what is commonly called An Hogshead, in which such Wines have been usualiy imported,

upon Forfeiture of all such Wines as shall be imported contrary to this Act, together with the Calks and

Vol. XIII. Part II. Ee ether

After April to,

-1778, the fol-

lowing addi-

tional Duties

to be paid on

Importation of “

Winei and

Vinegar into

Great Britain t

Viz. For every

Ton of French

Wine or Vine-

gar, SI. 8»*.;

and for every

Ton of all other

Wine* and Vi-

negar, 4I. 4*.

to be levied, re-

covered, See, at

exorttfed in A£fc

1 Jac.II-

or in any other

Acts by which

the ftidDutiea

are continued

and made per-

petual.

This Act not to

extend to da-

maged or unmer-

chantable

Wine*.

The Datie* to

be under the

Management of

the Commission-

er* of the

Customs,

and to be paid

weekly into the

Exchequer.

A Book to be

kept in the Au-

ditor* Office,

in which Hull

be entered all

the Mooiea

arising from the

new Duties;

which Monies

shall be applied

towards Pay-

ment of the

this Session.

Drawback of

Part of the Du-

ties to be allow-

ed on Exporta-

tion of any

Wine (except

French V lies)

to the British

Colonies in

America.

After Sept. 09,

t77*i no Spa-

niflb, Portu-

guefe, or French

Wines, shall be

ireportrd into

Great Britain in

any Ca/k less

thanaHoglhtai.

