A.D. 1780.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

C. 17.

5i3

X- And be it further enacted, That if any Petfon or Persons shall be dissatisfied, or shall think him/elf Persons avgriev-

or themselves aggrieved by any Determination of the said Commissioners of the Land Tax, it shall 2nd ed may appeal to

may be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal against such Determination to the General Quarter

Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Dmfion, within which such Commissioners shall act,

which shall happen next after the Caufeof Complaint shall have arisen, giving ten Days Notice of such

Appeal to one of the Commissioners signing the Duplicate of the said Afkllment, and also to one of the

Assessors of the Parish or Place where the Estate belonging to the Person or Persons who shall think him-

self or themselves aggrieved shall lie; and the Justices assembled rn such Sessions are hereby authorised and

required, by Examination upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices are hereby authorised to administer),

to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and to amend such Aflcfi’ments where they shall think

necessary; and also to award such Colts as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and by their

Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and

Chattels of the Person or Persons against whom the fame shall be so awarded, rendering the Overplus (if

any) to the Owner or Owners, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Distress.

XI. And be if further enacted, That if the said Commissioners, upon any Appeal before them, and

also the said Justices in Sessions upon any Appeal before them, shall find it requifne to insert in such Af-

lefiments, or the Duplicates thereof, the Names of any Person or Persons, which shall appear to such Com-

missioners, or to such Justices, to have been improperly omitted, such Person or Persons shall be taken and

deemed to be rated in such Affeftment or Affcilments, as effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as

if the Name or Names of such Person or Persons had been originally inserted in such Assessment by the

Assessors.

the Quarter

Sessions;

giving ten Day!

. Notice.

Juflicr* may

award Lofts.

XII. And whereas Disputes have arisen, whether the Husbands of Women entitled to Dower or

Any Person

whose Name, on

Appeal, shall

appear to have

hern improperly

left out of aoy

Assessment, shall

be deemed to

have been fated

therein.

Hu/bands of

Women entitled’

to Dower oot of

the Estatei of

theiv former

Hufbaods, may

vote in respe&

thereof,although

the said Dower

hat not been set

out by Metea or

Bounds.

4 Thirds, at Common Law, out of the Estates of their former Husbands, shall be entitled to vote in the

4 Election of Members of Parliament, unless Dower has been assigned and set out, by Metes and Bounds,-

4 for such Womenbe it therefore further enacted, That where any Woman, the Widow of any Person

Tenant in Fee or in Tail, shall be entitled to Dower or Thirds, by the Common Law, out of the Free-

hold Estateof which her Husband died seised or possessed of, and shall intermarry with a second Hufoind,

fuclr second Hu (band shall be entitled to vote in respect of such Dower or Thirds, if such Dower or Thirds

shall be of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings, or upwards, although the fame has not been assigned

or set out by Metes or Bounds, if such second Husband shall*be in the actual Receipt of the Profits of such

Dower, and the Estate from whence the fame issues is rated to, and contributes to the Land Tax-

in the Name of the actual Owner of the Lands or Tenements from whence such-Dower or Thirds arrfcs

or issues.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for all

and every Person or Persons, at all fcasonable Times, to retort to and inspect the said Duplicates, or any

Part thereof, in the Hands of such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, paying for every Search into, or In-

spedlion of, such Duplicates, or any Part thereof, one Shilling, and no more; and the said Clerk of the

Peace, or his Deputy, is hereby required and'directed, upon Demand, to deliver a true Copy or. Copies of

all such Duplicates or of such Part or Parts of them, or any of them, of which a Copy shall be demanded,

to any Person or Persons who shall demand or desire rhe fame (such Copy or Copies to be signed by such

Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, purporting the fame to be a true Copy or true Copies), and lor which

Copy or Copies such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall t^e paid at and after the Rate of six Pence,

and no more, for every three hundred Words or Figures, and so in Proportion for any lesser Number

of Words or Figures; which said Duplicates, and also a true Copy of them, or any of them, or any Part

of them, signed as aforesaid, and also the Duplicate of any ATTeffment in the Possession of the Commis-

sioners of the Land Tax, or in the Polleftion of the Receiver-general of the County, or a Copy of the said

Duplicates, signed by such Commissioners, and purporting the fame to be a true Copy, shall at all Times,

and in all Places, be allowed and admitted as legal Evidence of such AlIelTments, Certificates, Memorials,

and Books of Entries, in all Cafes whatsoever; and such Copy shall be delivered in a reasonable Time

after the fame shall be demanded.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Clerk of the Peace of every

County, Riding, or Division, 111 whose Office such Duplicates shall be filed as aforesaid, or his Deputy, ul toaltendat

shall, upon reasonable Noticr, intend at every Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire for such County,. Eiedionof

with the said original Duplicates, at the Request of any Candidate, or the Agent or Agents of any Can- a Knight of the

dictates; the Person or Persons requesting the fame making such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, a Sa-

tisfaction for such Attendance, at and after the Rate of two Guineas for each Day of his Attendance at

such Election, together with an Allowance of one Shilling and six Pence a Mile for the Costs and Charges

he may be at, or put unto* in his Journey from the Place of his Abode to and from the Place of such

EJe&ion.

2S, for each Day *1 Attendance, tnd 1*. 6d. per Mile for travelling

XV. And be ft further enacted, That after issuing any Writ or Precept for the Election of a Knight or

Knights of the Shire for any County within that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Dominionof

Wa 'lesy the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall, and he is hereby required to attend, gratis^ from Day ^“"7

to Day, from the Hour of Nine in the Forenoon to Three in the Afternoon, in each Day, at the Place J cierk of the

where the Records of such County, Riding, or Divifron, are usually kept, from the Time of the Delivery' Peace /hall at-

of such Notice to the Day immediately preceding the Day of Election of such Knight or Knights, for the tend patii, fro*

Purpose of receiving Applications for the Inspetftion of such Duplicates, and for making Copies of them*- N, Tn°Th,!!e

or any of them, or of so much of them, or any of them, which he shall be requested to copy as aforesaid. te^ Recolal of*

the County arc usually kept, to make Copies of Duplicates, Ac.

XVI. And

Duplicate! may

be inspected.

Clerk of the

Peace to deliver

signed Copie* of

Duplicates, on

Demand,

and being paid

6d. for every

$70 Words, &c.

Duplicates, &e*

to he deemed le-

gal Evidence.

Clerk of the

Peace, or his De-

Shire, with ori-

ginal Duplicates,

at the Kequcft of

any Candidate i

Such Candidate

to pay him al. -

Charge!.

After issuing any

Wnt for Eiec-

