A.D. 1777. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 65. 167

Sum or Sums of Mon*y thereby secured, shall have full Power from Time to Time, by Indorserrent on

the original Gram or Security (withour Stamps), to assign and transfer the fame to any Person or Persons

whomsoever; and such Transfer or Alignment, from and alter the Time that the lame is entered in a

Book to be kept by the id Commissioners for that Purpose (which Entry their Clerk is hereby required

to make upon producing such Alignment, and Payment of one Shilling for the said Entry), shall intirie

such .\ilignee or Aifignces. his, her, or rheir Executors, Admmifiratois, or A (Tig ns, to theiaid principal

Sum, and all interest due or to grow due thereon; and such Assignee or Aifignees, and every other A -

signte or Assignees, (h.ill and may, in like Manner, by Indorsement or otherwise, assign and make over

such Mortgages and Securities so assigned as aforesaid, and so toties quoiies as Occasion shall require, every

such Assignment being entered into such Books as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted and declared,. That the Rates or Taxes to be raised by virtue of this

Act on the said Lands and Grounds, shall be charged and chargeable with the Payment of the Principal

Monies so to he borrowed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, and with the Interest of such Monies

from Time to Time, and shall vest in the Creditors upon Default of Payment of such Principal Money

and Interest, until the fame and every Part thereof shall be fully satisfied and paid, together with the Costs

and Charges occasioned by the Nnnp lyment thereof; and the said Creditors, their Executors, Admini-

strators, or Assigns respectively, shall have the fame Powers, Rights, and Privileges of recovering the said

Rates or Taxes, for or in respect of such Principal Money and Interest, in case of Default in Payment

thereof, as the said Commissioners and their Collectors and Receivers could have had in case such Principal

Money and Interest had been regulailv paid.

XVIII. Provided always. That nn Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever shall be borrowed and taken up

at Interest, upon the said Rates and Taxes charged upon the Lands and Grounds by virtue of this Act by

the lVid CommilTi >ners, unless the fame shall be so borrowed at one of their Meetings directed to be held

by this or the former Act, nor at any such Meeting as aforesaid, unless fifteen Commissioners at the least

shall be then and ihere pelent and consenting or agreeing thereto.

XIX- Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to repeal,

alter, or take away, any of th Clauses, Rcstrictions, Powers, and Authorities, given by the said former

Act to the Commission-rs acting by virtue and in pursuance thereof; but that every Clause, Power, and

Authority therein contained, (h<dl remain.and be in the fame Force and EtFcft as if this Act had never

been made ; and that all the Cfaules, Restrictions, Powers, and Authorities, given by the said former

Act, so far as the fame relates to the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds herein-before described in this

present Act, shall extend to this Act as fully and effectually as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted

in this present Act; save only and except such Part or Parts thereof as are altered, taken away, or re-

pealed, by virtue of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted. That all the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act,

shall be borne and defrayed out of the first Monies that shall be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five

or more of them, or their Successors, shall be, and are hereby authorised and impowered to take Earth

from any Part of the Lands contained within the said Boundaries for the Purpose of making and repairing

such Banks, Mill-hills, Dams, Headings, and other Works within the said Boundaries, as they shall

think necefl'ary, paying such reasonable Satisfaction to the Person or Persons who have a Right to the Soil

wherefrom the fame shall be taken, as fh-tll be determined by the said Commissioners and such Proprietors agreed on;

and in case of any Dispute about the fame, that it shall be settled and adjured as by the said former Act is

directed in similar Cafes; and that they shall and do, and they are hereby authorised and required, within

twelve Calendar Months next after passing this Act, to make and cut a new Drain from the present

Twenty foot Drain between Sutton and Ale pa I Fen to the old Sixteen-fnor Drain in Master Fortrey's Land,

twenty Feet wide at the Top, and fhtten Feet at the Bottom, and five Feet d< ep.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner or Owners, Occupier

or Occupiers, of any Land lying within the Limits aforesaid, through which any Drove-way Dike, Out-

ring Dike, or Divilion Dike hading to any of the Mill drains within the said Boundaries, doth or shall

pass, shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to road, scour, cleanfc, open, or repair any such Dike, or to make

the fame of the Depth of lour f eet, and the Width of nine Feet at h alf, after fourteen Days Notice in

Writing to him, her, or them given, from Time to "l ime, determined by the Colleftnr or Collectors, Receiver or

Receivers, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors, acting under the Autho-

rity of the said Commissioners, to cause *u< h D kes to be roaded. scoured, deanled, opened, repaired, and

deepened in a sufficient Manner, and made of the Width aforesaid, at the proper Costs, Charges, and

Expences of such Owners or Occupiers; and also wherever a Road or Way have been or shall be made

over or acrossany such Dike, without a Tunnel not less than eighteen Inches Square of clear Water-way

lying therein, and also wherever a Road or Wav h ive been or shall be made over or across any Mill-drain,

without a Bridge over the fame of the Width of the Bottom of the said Drain, to cause such Ways or

Roads to be Uken up, and such Dike or Drain to be made of a proper Width and Depth for conveying

the Waters through the lame to the several Mills or Engines erected or to be erected for draining the said

E'en Lands and Low Grounds, and by Warrant or Precepr, under the Hands of three or more of the said

Commissioners, to levy such Charges and Expence- as shall h • occasioned determined by the deepening and widening

of the said Dikes or Drains, or taking up the said Roads on the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occu-

piers of the Lands through which the said Dikes shall pass, or to which they Ihaii be contiguous, or who

shall m^ke or cauie to be made Inch Road as aforesaid.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners al-

ready appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, to put this or the said former Act into Execution, shall

make noDams or ocher Works to hinder the Waters drained from the said Lands situate on the North

rail

Rates to be

charged with-

Monies bor-

rowed.

ind, In Default

of Payment,

veiled in Cre-

ditors.

No Money to be

borrowed, unieffr

at a Meeting

wher' fifteen

ComrriflioncrS

aTe present.

Certain Cl life*

of the former

At\ extended tO

this Att.

Expences of thit

A A ho w to be

paid.

Com miffi oner#

impowered to

t»k* Earth for

nuking Bankv

See,

and to make a

Drain from the-

T* trfify Foot

Drain to the old

Sixteen-so >t

Drain, Arc.

Su'veyo-s may

cauf- Ditches

leading to Millar

crains to be

pouter, Arc. if

the Owners, Arc*

fh;.h ne^led so

to do.

C rr.rr.i.Tionert

n n t ^o any

W» rk to t j i ter

tnc Wttcrh in

