43°

Justices to figfl

the Afl* Aments,

»nd deliver

them to the Vi-

car.

A Copy of the

A A*e Aments /hall

be lodged in the

Pan/h Vcllry.

Rate nm be le-

vied by Distress.

Rate on divided

Houses how to

be reepvexed i

and froroPersont

removing.

AAeftbrs.Sec.tra-

powered to in-

sped Parish

Rates, for their

in’ormation in

laying Assess-

inrnts. '

Allowance to

A/Teflon.

Persons aggriev-

ed by the Rata

may appeal to

the Quarter

Sessionsj

C. 57. Anno dccixno nono Georgii IN. A.D. 1779.

of passing this Act, and in future Years on or before the Expiration of three Day9 after Easter Week,

deliver the Assessments made by them as aforesaid unto two Justices of the Prace of the said City. ;

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices to whom such AfiklTments shall be delivered in

pursuance of this Act shall, within the Spare of one Calendar Month next after the Receipt of the fame

respectively, ftt their Hands to the said Aileflments, and shall forthwith deliver, or caule to be delivered,

the fame to the Vicar of the said Parish for the Time being, or to his Order.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Assessor or Assessors shall deliver a Copy or Duplicate

of such Rate or ArtVAment to be made respectively as aforesaid, fairly written, and subscribed by thena,

unto the said Vicar for the Time being, and another Copy or Duplicate thereof to the Churchwardens of

the said Parish, some or one of them, to be by them, fomc or one of them, lodged in the Vestry of the

said Parish, for the Use and Inspection of the Inhabitants of the same Parish who are liable to be rated or

afiVfTed by virtue of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons so rated and assessed, who shall not ap-

peal against such Rate within the Time herein-after limited for such Purpose, shall refuse or omit to pay

the Sum or Sums of Money which he, she, or they shall be rated or assessed at, by virtue of this Act,

for th* Space of fourteen Days after personal Demand made thereof, or Demand in Writing, left at the

Place of Abode, or Occupation, of fuph Person or Persons; then, and in every such Cale, it shall be

lawful for one or more such Justices, upon Oath of the Vicar for the Time being, or some Person acting

for him, of such Demand being made, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals

(which he or they are hereby required to grant), to authprife and direct such Person or Persons so acting

for and under the said Vicar, or any other Person to be therein named, to levy the Sum or Sums due,

by Distress a;.d Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, rendering the Overplus (if

any be), upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, the Charges and Expences

of taking and making such Distress and Sale being hr ft deduced and paid.

4 X. And whereas many Houses within the said Parish of The Trinity in Coventry^ are or may, by the

Owners, Proprietors, or Lcflees thereof, be divided, and let out in Tenements or Lodgings todiversPer-

4 fons, whereby it may be difficult to recover the Rates or Assessments laid thereupon be it therefore fur-#

ther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Aileftors to be appointed for the Turposes of this Act, to rate

and assess the Owners, Proprietors, or Lessees of such Houses respectively as shall be let to or occupied by

two or more Tenants, which Rate or Assessbacnt shall be paid by or recovered of the Proprietor or (lift

Taker thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons, who hath or have been rated and

assessed by virtue of this Act, shall quit his, her, or their House or other Tenement, whereupon fudl

Rate or Assessment hath been made, before he, she, or they shall have paid the fame, and shall afterwards

neglect or refuse to pay the fame when due, and demanded as aforesaid by the Person or Persons autho-

rifed and appointed to collect and receive the same; that then, and in every such Cafe, it shall be lawful

for such Person or Persons, having such Warrant for levying the fame as aforesaid, in any Place within

the respective Jurisdiction of the Justices granting such Warrant, or out of the Limits thereof, such War-

rant being fiift backed or countersigned by some Justice of the Peace in the County, City, or Place, where

the Distress is so to be made, to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or

refusing, and the fame to fell, rendering the Overplus (if any be), after deducing the Amount of the Rate

or Assessment, and the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such

Goods and Chattels demanding the fame.

4 XII. And, for the better Information of the Persons to be appointed Assessors as aforesaid, with re-

€ spect to the annual Value of all Houses, Tenements, or Premiles, charged by this Act, and the better

1 to enable them to perform their Duty;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said

Afteflors, or any one or more of them, or any Person or Persons authorised by any or either of them, shall

have Liberty to inspect, and to take Copies of or Extracts from, any Book or Books kept by any Parish

Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, of or concerning the Rates payable to the Poor, or any

other public Taxes, Rates, or Assessments, within the said Parish of The Trinity and if any Person or

Persons, in whole Custody or Power any of the said Books shall be, shall refuse or neglect to permit the

said Inspection, or the Copies or Extracts to be made as aforesaid, then, and in every such Cafe, every

Person who shall so refuse or neglect shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shil-

lines to the Vicar of the said Parish.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, in Consideration of the extraordinary Care and Pains requisite

in making and adjusting the first Rate or Assessment by virtue of this Act, the Afteflors shall have an Al-

lowance for such syst Assessment of Three-pence for each House rated or assessed by them, and the Sum

of one Penny for each such House in every future Rate or Assessment; such Allowances to be made and

paid by the Vicar, at the Time of receiving such Rates or Assessments,

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the said Vicar for the Time being, or any Person or

Persons, shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment made in pursuance

of this Act, such Vicar, or other Person or Persons, shall and may appeal to the Quarter Session of the

Peace to be holden for the City and County of Coventry within six Calendar Months next after the

making of such Rate, such Appellant or Appellants first giving, or causing to be given, eight Days No-

tice at the least, in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter

thereof, 10 the said Afteflors, and within four Days next after such Notice entering, or causing a Recog-

nizance to be entered into, before some Justice of the Peace for the said City and County, by two suffi-

cient Persons or Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of, and to pay such

Costs as shall be awarded by, the Justices in such Quarter Session; and the said Justices, upon due Proof

of

