90

shall be fined.

Fines may be

levied by Dill refs.

t!opy of the last

preceding Clause

/hall be hung up

in the Cuurt.

Defendants may

plead geiuyjlly

in bar of Actions

under 40 s. &c.

♦roviso*

No Attorney to

have Privilege

or Practice in

this Court.

To what Debts

this Act shall

Act extend.

Penalty on Per-

iods guilty of

Perjury.

Persons neglect-

irg to obey

Suaompnfe^ Sec.

C, 19. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III, A.D. 1777,

thereof, it shall anti may be law ful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to

cause a Warrant to be issued by the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy, diiecting such Beadle to ap-

prehend and take, or cause to be apprehended and taken, such Person or Persons so offending as aforefatJ,

before one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, in and for the said Counties of WorccJhr or Stafford ; and,

upon the Fast alledged being proved, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the said

Justice is hereby impowered to impose any Fine on such Person or Persons so offending, as aforesaid, not

exceeding five Pounds, nor less than ten Shillings, which {hall be immediately paid into the Hands of the

said Justice, before whom the said Offender or Offenders shall be convicted ; and paid and applied by such

Justice in like Manner as the Fines herein-before mentioned are directed to be applied : And if the said

Offender or Offenders {hall not pay the said Fines, in Manner as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the fame to be levied by D stress

and Sale of the Offender’s Goods; or, in Default thereof, to commit such Person or Persons, so offending

as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County of Worcester or Suffot'd9

wherein such Offence shall have been committed, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding

three Months, or until he, (he, or they shall pay such Fine,

' XXX. Provided always, and be it fur her enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the said

Court shall fix, or cause to be fixed up, in some public Part of the said Court-house, or Place where the

said Commissioners shall meet, a true Copy of the last preceding Clause of this A cl, to the Intent that no

Person shall or may plead Ignorance thereof.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Debt, or Action

upon the Cafe, upon an Affumpfit, for Recovery of any Debt, to be sued or prosecuted Pgainst ary Person

pr Persons aforesaid, in any of the King’s Courts at Westminster, or elsewhereout of the said Courts of Re-

quests, the Plaintiff* shall declare for any Sum of Money not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, the

Defendant or Defendants may plead generally, in Bar of such Action, that the Cause of Action arose, and

that nt the Time of commencing such Arftion, he, (he, or they, was or were inhabiting and resident within

the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, and was or were liable to be warned or iummoned before the

said Court of Requests, without pleading any other Matter specially : And in case the Plaintiff, in any

such Action, shall declare for forty Shillings, or any Sum of Money exceeding forty Shillings, the Defen-

dant may plead generally, over and above such Matters as aforesaid, that the Defendant was not at the

Time of commencing such Action indebted unto the Plaintiff in any Sum or Sums of Money amounting

to the Sum of forty Shillings, without pleading any other Matter specially : where to the Plaintiff shall or

may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded, as aforesaid ; and if the Plaintiff be norfuited, or dif-

continue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment be given on Demurrer, the Defendant or

Defendants shall have full Costs.

XXXII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such

Action, afterwards to prosecute the said Defendant or Defendants for the Recovery of the said Debt or

Debts in the said Court of Requests j any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise

notwithstanding.

XXXIil. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Attorney at Law or Solicitor,

being served with a Process of the said Court of Requests, or appearing in the fame Court, shall be allowed

to plead or maintain any Privilege against the Process, Authority, Jurisdiction, or Judgment thereof; nor

shall any Attorney or Solicitor be allowed to plead in the said Court, as an Advocate (or any Party in any

Suit depending in the said Court.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein

contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any Debt for Rent upon any Lease or Contract,

where the Title of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or

upon any real Contract; nor to any Debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any Ciufe, concerning any

last Will and Testament, or Matrimonial Contract, or the Breach thereof, or any Thing properly belong-

ing to the Ecclesiastical Court; nor for Money won at or by Means of any Horlc-race, Cock-match,

Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play; nor for any Forfeiture of any Penal Statute, or Bye-law; nor

to any Debt exceeding one Shilling, contracted for Ale, Beer, Cyder, Spirituous or other Liquors, and

drank by any Person in a public House in one Day; nor to any Debt whereof there hath not been a Con-

tra#, Acknowledgment, Undertaking, or Promise to pay, within six Years before the taking out of the

Summons for the iame, although such Debt shall not amount to forty Shillings.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons

making Oath or giving Evidence, in any Cause or Matter whatsoever depending in the said Court of Re-

quests, shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof duly convicted according to the Law, such

rerfon and Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties, as any other Per on and Persons, con-

victed of wilful and corrupt Perjury, is or are liable to, or shall be subject to, by the Laws and Statutes of

this Realm.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person, residing within

the furisdiction of the said Court of Requests, who shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons, to

be issued out of the said Court, to give Evidence on Behalt of any Plaintiff* or Defendant, dial I neglect or

refuse to appear, pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, at the Time and Place therein mentioned, and

due Proof shall be made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no Cause of Absence be shewn

or aiTigned to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present at the said Court, to which Inch Person fh ill be

by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear, and Oath shall be made before the said Commissioners

that the Person served therewith was a material Witness for the Party at whose Inftmre such Subpoena or

Summons issued, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of

them, afleoibled in open Court, and weighing the Cause so shewn* and adjudging the fame to be ineffi-

cient.

