53°

AflVfiment for

bu liiirg and re-

pairing Bridges,

to continue as at

present.

A Trustee may

as a Justice

of the Peace.

Exception.

.Land.owners to

pay Expence of

obtaining this

Act.

Limitation of

Anions.

Public Act.

Preamble*

Prom ‘May fi,

1780, all Duties

on Pot and Pearl

Ashes, See. im-

ported from any

foreign Part of '

finrope, toectfe.

New Duties

grante

New Duties to

be paid in ready

Money, and col-

lected and applied

at I he former

Duties,

Continuance of

taia Act.

G. 25. AhhoJvicefimb Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

required to take Cognisance of such Complaint* and Appeals,'«Tid to make faeji Determination therein, as

they shall think proper; and such Determination shall be final.

XXIX. Provided always*, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act shall

take away or leifen the Power which ’the .ComnwiTioner6 of Supply and Justices of the Peace have,

by the present Law, to assess themselves for the Expence of building and repairing Bridges in the said

Stewartry.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be no Objection- to any Person acting tm a Justice of

the Peace in any Matter or Thing relative to this Act, that he is hereby appointed a Tfuftee, except

where such Trustee is personally mterefted, m which Cafe he (h!all not fit or aft is a Justice of the Peace:

Provided always, that none of the said Trtiftees shall hold ^ny Place of Profit trader this Act* .

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Expence of .paifine; this Act*

as settled and allowed at the first Meeting of the said Trustees appointed to put the fame in Execution,

shall be defrayed and levied by m Tax upon the Heritors or Land-owners within the said Stewartry of

Kirkcudbright, according to the Valuation of their respective Lands ; and to be collected by the Collector

of the Land Tax, or any other Person appointed by the General Meeting of the<faidTniftees.to.be hokien

as aforesaid. < ’ , • ; h 4 ; n ,

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Act ion or Sait; shall be

commenced for any 7'hing .which shall have been done in purfuahoeof this Act, every such Action -or Suit

shall be commenced within six Calendar Months after thepaft committed, and not afterwards.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed a Public

Act; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required judicially to take Notice thereof ax such,

without the fame being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Pot and Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed

Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, for a

* limited Time.

4 T ¥ 7 HEREAS Pot and Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed A(be$, are essentially necessary in the whiten-

* W ing of Linen Cloth and Thread, and,in the preparing of Linen Yarn for the Looip, and ate used

4 in several other Manufactures of this Kingdom; and in order to promote and encourage Fuch Mami-

* faftures, it-is expedient to reduce the Duties payable by Law upop the Impprtatiop of frith Pot and

* Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed Ashes, from any foreign Part of L.uropc> for a limited Time:’ May it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; -and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by ahd with the Advice and Confer* of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tbts

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from apd after the thirty-first Day

of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and during the Continuance of this Act* the several

Rates and Duties payable upon the Importation of Pot and Pyarl Ashe$, Wood and Weed Afbcs, from

any foreign Part of Europe mi to this Kingdom, shall cease and determine; Mid in lieu and instead thereof,

therefball be raised, levied, colleftedi and paid, the Sum of two,Shillings for every Hundred Weight, con-

taining one hundred and twelve Pounds Weight avoirdupois, of fqch Pojt and Pearl Ashes; anct the Sum

of fixrence for every Hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds Weight Avpirdupoift,

of such Wood and Weed Ashes, which shall be so imported into Great Britain from any foreign Place or

Country in Europe; subject >nevertheless to an Additional Iropvft of five Popnds^ar Centum* in the fame

Manner, and under the dime Regulations, as the {additional JDoty of five.Pounds per Centum is granted to

his Majesty, by an Act made in the Uft Session of Parliament, intituled, 4n Act for granting to his Majes.j

additional Duties upon the Produce^ of the- fevered Duties under the Management of the respective CammijUners

of the Customs and Excise in Groat Britain, and after that Rate for any greater or less Quantity thcteoT; any

Thing in any former Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,.That the said Duties made payable by

this Act upon such Pot and Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed AGies, shall be paid down in ready Moncjt,

without any Discount or Allowance upon Importation, or any Drawback upop Exportation, apd shall, w

all other Respects, be raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, and (hull be applied and appropriated

to the same Uses as the former Duties were applicable, by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under the

like Penalties and Forfeitures, as the former Duties, whichai* repealed, by tbijs Aa, were raised, levied,

collected, recoveted, paid, applied, and appropriated, and were fpbjestand liable to; , and,all the Powers,

Penalties, Provisions, Articles, and Ciaufcs, contained in the several Acts of Parliament nelative thereto,

which are now in Force and not altered by this Act,*Ihalhhe applied,;practised, and executed, for the

^railing, levying, collecting, recovering, paying and applying, the said Duties according to the true Intent

and Meaning of this present Act, as fully and efteftuaJly, to all Intents and P.urposes, as if the fame had

been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act. .4 ,

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue inEotce

until the thirty-first: Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty*three. t

•1 • CAP.

