A.D. 1777. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 60—62. 157

in good and tenantable Repair during the Term, and to leave the fame in such good and tenantable Repair No foture Lease

at the End, or other sooner Determination of the Term. *ra,lted

XL And it is hereby declared, That no Lease or Leases of the said Houses and Premises, or any of R0V,r contrary

them, hereafter to be made or executed by any Master of the Rolls, otherwise than according to the Power rothiiAtf, dull

hereby given to the Mailer of the Rolls for the Time being as aforesaid, shall be binding on his Succef- be binding on

fors, or any of them. # h?.s Succ* flora.

XII. And it is hereby enabled and declared, That the Rents and Profits of the said Houses and Piemifes, Tbc Rents «»nder

to be reserved and made payable by and upon any such Lease or Leases thereof hereafter to be made or

granted by any Master or Masters of the Rolls, shall be paid to such Receiver as aforesaid, and be applied acceiter €

and disposed of accordingly, in Manner and for the Purposes aforesaid* a v

XIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared. That ail Applications to the said Court of Chancery for or C0£ccrC|ringntbi«

touching any of the Matters of this Act, and all Orders and Proceedings relating thereto, shall and may Alt may bemads

be had and made in a summary Way, and without any Fee or Reward to be paid or given for the fame; to the Court of

and without Stamps dn any of the said Orders or Proceedings, or to be had, used, or employed in or about Chancery,gratit,

the fame, or any of them. Proceeding! to

be without

CAP. LX. Stamps*

An Act for inclosing and embellishing the Middle Part of Hoxton-fauarey in the Parish of Saint Leonard,

Shorerfitchy in the County of Middlesex ; and for extinguishing all Right of Common in and upon the

fiiid Square.

CAP. LXL

An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter in Westminster, to opetr

a Street from the South End of Long-ditch to the North End of Smith-flreety and to widen Part of To-

thill street, and of Long ditch aforesaid ; and to widen the Passage between Orchard flreety and the new1

intended Street, and also to widen Wood-street, and to make a more commodious Entrance from the

Broad Sanctuary into Dean's-yard> within the City and Liberty of Westminster.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the several Parishe*

of Surfleety Gojbertony Quadring y Doningtony Bicker, Swinefhcady fVigtofty Suttertony Algar-

kirky Fofdikey Kirton, Framptony IVibertony and Brotbertoft, within the Hundred of Kir ton*

in the Parts of Hollandy in the County of Lincoln.

HEREAS in the several Parishes of Surfieety Gojbertony Quadringy Donington, Bickery Swine- Preamble/

Jbeady Wigtofty Suttertony Algarkirky Fofdikey Kirtony Framptony IVibertony and Brotbertoft, within

f the hundred of Kirtony in the Parts of Hollandy in the County oi Lincolny there are carried on several

4 extensive Branches of Business, Trade, and Commerce, as well in the inland Parts thereof as upon the

4 Rivers Glenny Hammond-beck, and the North and South Forty footy which run through several principal

4 Parts of the fame to the Sea, which employ many thousand People, many of whom contract small

4 Debts, amounting in the Whole to a large Sum of Money yearly; and although well able to pay the

4 fame, they often refuse so to do, presuming on the Discouragement their Creditors lie under from thr

4 great Expences they are unavoidably put to in suing for such Debts in the County Court, which is up*

4 wards of twenty-seven Miles distant from any Part of the said hundred of Kirton: And whereas an eaiy

4 and speedy Method of recovering small Debts within the Parishes aforesaid, will greatly tend to promote

4 Industry, and to support uleful Credit therein;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be en-

acted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame. That Oliver Shepherdy William Golding, John Weeks, William Ward, James Shilcocky Commi/Sonif*

Christopher Johnson, John Ward, Henry Thorold, John Harvey, William Hunt, Matthew Flinders, Richard Name*.

Bowlesy John Lee, John Ashworth, Thomas Snell, John Hllkinfon, Joseph Lowe, John Birksy David Pike»

Thomas Pi key William Spendley, Thomas JarviSy David Trimnell, Bracebridge Greeny James Godley, William

GeCy Joseph Mafony William Hanley, John Hanley, Richard Clay, Cowper Love, John Harms, James Bar-

tony IliUiam Locktony Henry Fountainy Thomas Ackland, John Finch, Richard Harvey? Benjamin Kiptisv

John Brother tony Thomas Staveley, Thomas Parry Richard Parry Francis Torke, Benjamin Weather illy Wil-

liam Higdon, John Yerburgh, Richard Terburghy John Tunnardy John Tunnard the younger, Joseph Black*

ithy Samuel Hare, Joseph Netvman, the Reverend John Shaw Doctor of Laws, Michael Robinson^ Richard

tdelly Thomas Fyaell, William Garflt the younger, Robert Barlow, Thomas Brotherton, Samuel Barnardy

lithohmcw Claypony French Flowers, John Betts, Abraham Sheathy Abraham Sheath the younger, Weft

JVhcldaie the younger, John Cheney ,Thomas Waite, Benjamin Parkin, Robert Wilby the younger,fj.ohn Hill9

Samuel Thompjon, William Formany John Brackenbury, John Francis, Thomas Wilson, John Ireland, James Ellisy

IViU am Wfoks, Lhomas Claytony the Reverend Charles / er'ulgt Doctor of Laws, Thomas Wright, William

JVright, John Skerrity William Stukeley, Thomas Mar[h, John Overton, John George Calthrop, William Dods^

Edward Noble Bell, Francis East land, John Wright, Robert Allen, Luke Bat ham, George Swallow, Thomas*

May dens, William Thimbieby, John Robinson, Robert Robinfcn, William Slater, Francis Ashworthy Francis

Majliny Jfthn Bartol, Henry Burgess, Jan.es Herdy William Crain, Robert Peachy John Walton, Samuel

Eljdale, George Emitty and James Gibbins, shall be, and they are hereby declared, constituted, and ap-

pointed Commissioners to hear and determine all such causes and Matters of Debt as are herein-after

mentioned

