9

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo ieptimo Georgii III. C. 5.

such other Method as may best tend to remove such Offences for the future, without committing such

Offender to the House of Correction, or other Prison; any Law, Statute, or U Cage, to the contrary

notwithstanding.

4 XL1X. And whereas divers Children deserted by their Parents are frequently found wandering and

4 begging in the said Piri(h, and not able to give an Account of themselves, or the Place of their legal

4 Settlement: And whereas if such Children were properly employed and enured to a Habit of InJuflry,

4 they might be furnished with Means for their future Maintenance, and instead of a Nuisance be rendered

4 useful to the Public : And whereas divers other Persons are found wandering and begging in the said

4 Parish, and daily committing Act of Vagrancy and misbehaving themselves, and if Power was given to

4 apprehend such Persons, and fend them to such Workhouse, there to be dealt with in Manner as herein

4 directed, it would tend to enure them to a Habit of Industry, and make them useful to the Public \

he it therefore enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens, Overseers of the

Poor, and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, to cause such Child or Children as he or they

shall judge to be under the Age of fourteen Years, who shall be found wandering and begging in the said

Farifn, if they think proper, to be taken, and to fend them to the Workhouse belonging to the said Parish,

there to be detained and employed until he or she shall attain, or, in case his or her Age cannot be afeer-

tain?d, till he or she shall be adjudged to have attained the Age of twenty-one Years, or Day of Marriage

if a Female, or be discharged by due Course of Law: And it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

Churchwardens* Overseers of the Poor, and Trustees, or any five or more of them, to cause such other

Person or Persons as shall be found wandering and begging, or mi(behaving themselves in the said Parish,

if they think proper, to be sent to the said Workhouse, there to be kept to Work for so long Time as the

said Churchwardens, Overseers, and Trustees, or any five of them, shall think proper, or until they shall

be discharged by due Course of Law ; and in case of any Misbehaviour of any such Persons so sent as afore-

said, it (lull and may be lawful to correct and otherwise punish such Offenders in Manner as before

mentioned.

L. Provided always, That no such Child or Children, or other Person, so taken and sent to the said

Workhouse, shall gain any Settlement by residing or being maintained there in Manner aforesaid.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the several Laws relating to the Office of Churchwardens and

Overseers of the Poor, and for the Relief and providing for the Poor, shall dill continue in Force within

the said Parish, except in those Indances where the fame are otherwise altered or directed by this present

Act ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIl. And be it further enacted, That any Inhabitant of the said Parish shall, before any Justice or Juf-

ticcs of the Peace, or upon any Trial, Hearing, Examination, or otherwise, in, about, touching, or

concerning this Act, or the Matters or Things herein contained, be and be deemed a competent Wit-

mfs, notwithstanding his or her being such Inhabitant, or paying the Rates of the said Parish ; and that

any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex may act in the Execution of this Act at any

PLce within the said Parish, or elsewhere within the said County, notwithstanding he shall be an Inha*

bit ant of the said Parish, or pay the Rates thereof; any Lav/, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary not-

withstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted. That in all Cafes where Cognizance is given to any Justice or Just’ces

of the Peace by this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to administer an Oath to any Per-

son or Persons for his or their more certain Information in the Matters then depending ; and in all Cafes

where the said Trullees, or any five or more of them, are by this Act impowered to bring or indicate, or

cause to be brought or indituted, any Action or Actions at Law, or any Indictment or Indictments, the

fame shall and may be brought and indituted in the Name or Names of the Clerk or Treasurer to the said

Trustees.

LIV. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens and

Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Mary lJJingtony in all Cafes in their respective Office?, or

relating to the Poor, where, by any Law now in being or hereafter to be made. Appeal is or shall be given

to them from the Paf3, Order, Conviction, or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for

the said County of Middlesex, to appeal to the next General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjourn-

ment thereof, to be held for the said County, at their Election, giving eight clear Days Notice of furh

Appeal to the Person or Persons concerned therein ; which Justices in their fai 1 Sessions may make such

Order therein, and give such Cods to cither Party, as they shall think reasonable; and the said Justices

in their said Session may, for want of due Notice, or for any other jud Cause, adjourn such Appeal from

Time to Time as they shall think fit.

LV. Provided always, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, may, if they shall think

proper, in the Name or Names of any two of them, or in the Name of thHr Collector, Treasurer, or

Clerk, bring cr cause to be brought any Action or Actions of Debt, or special Action on the Cafe, in

any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster^ for all or any of the Penalties or Forfeitures against

this Act, or for all or any of the Fines set or irrposed, and for and upon any Contradls or Agreements

made and entered into by them by virtue of this Act, and for all or any of the Rates which shall be made*,

or be due or payable, under, by virtue of, or in pursuance of this A&, or any Part thereof; an 1 if the

Plaintiff shall recover in any such Action, he shall have full Cods, to be levied and recovered as other

Monies upon Judgments are now by Law levied and recovered ; in which Action and Actions no Efiuin,

Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Irrnarlance, shall be allowed.

LVI. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herfblf, or th:m-

selves aggrieved, by any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or by any Justice or Justi. cs

acting therein, such Person and Persons shall and may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at ary G.neial

or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be hclden for the County of Middlesex, or any Adjournment thereof,

Vol. XIII. Parti. C ' within

Children, fr-.

found wander-

ing or begeir.g,

may be lent to

the Workhouse,

PfOVlfo.

Laws rrl tting t9

Churchwarden*,

See. to continue

in Fo'ce where

nr t altered by

this

Inhabitants

deemed compe-

tent Witneii'cs,

&c.

Justices may ad*

minilter an

Oath, &c.

Overseers, Sec,

may anp-al to

the Quarter Scf-

fioni.

Trtt flees mar

bring Actions,

«xc.

Persons acffrirv-

ed may appeal t#

tiu Qp aner

StJuO.iS j

