124

Licences to be

renewed, and

aoi.fr 5 c. paid

every Vear:

On Penalty, if

within the Bills

of Mortality,

of ICO 1.

and, it without

the Bills, of 50I.

After Sept. 29,

J777, certain

Duties laid on

Lands, Houses,

See. sold by

Auction j

to be paid by

the Auctioneer,

See. out of the

Produce of the

Sale.

Every Auction-

eer, within the

Limits of the

Chief Office of

Excise in Lon-

don, to give Se-

curity by Bond

for aoo 1, toh.s

iMajesty j

that he will,

within fourteen

Days after every

A u Cl ion, deliver

a particular Ac-

count in Wri-

ting of the

whole Money

bid, and the

Price of each

Lot, See.

And if it shall

appear to the

Ommissioners

of Excise, &c.

that the Auc-

tioneer hath

aCleJ aereeably

to this Act, the

fa d Bond shall

be delivered up ;

but if the con-

trary shall ap-

pear, the Bo d

t-a be p ole-

cuted. Scc.

Every Au<ftio-

neer, without

the B Ms of

Moitality, shall

give Bond, as

afjrofdid, for

co I.

that he w:H,

wv hin fix u eeks

aUer eacii Sale,

del ver in a par-

ticular Account,

&c,

C. 50. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii ITT. A.D. 1777.

quired to grant and deliver such Licences to all Persons applying for the fame, upon their paving the feve-

ral Sums of twenty Shillings, and five Shillings, as afoieiara, respectiv.. ly, for each and every such

Licence.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Perf n or Persons who shall take

out any such Licence as aforesaid, is and a^e hereby required to take out a fiefh Licence, ten 13 ys at lead

before the Expiration of twelve Calendar Months after the rnk:ng out the fhft Licence, before he, (he, or

they do presume to vend or fell by way of Auction, as aforesaid, and in the tame Manner to renew every

such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the like Sum of twenty Shillings, or of five Shtilings, re-

spectively, for each and every new or renewed Licence, at the Places and at the Times before-mentioned :

And if any Person or Persons shall presume or offer to vend or fell hv way of Auction, as aforesaid, with-

out first taking out such Licence, and renewing the fame yearly, in M inner afor find, such Person or Per-.

Tons shall, if the Offence shall be committed within the Cities of Lin ton or IF*stminster% or within the

Weekly Bills of Mortality, forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and

if such Offence shall be committed in any Place without the Limits aforesaid, then such Person or Persons

fit all, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth

Day of September, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in such Manner as herein-after is men-

tioned, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Manner of Sales by

way of Auction, as aforesaid, in Great Britain, the respective Rates and Duties herein-after expressed ;

(that is to say) The Sum of Threepence for every twenty Shillings of the Purchase-money atifiag by Sale

at Auction, of any Interest, in PofLffion or Reversion, in any Freehold, Copyhold, or Lctfenold Lands,

Tenements, Houses, or Hereditaments, and of any Annuities or Sums of Money charged thereon, and of

any Utensils in Husbandry and Farming, Stock, Ships, and Vcflltis, and of any rcverlionaiy inter ell ia

the public Funds ; and the Sum of Sixpence for every twenty Shillings out of the Purchase-money arising

by Sale at Auction, of all Furniture, Fixtures, Plate, Jewels, Pictures, Books, Holies, and Carnages,

and all other Goods and Chattels whatsoever; the said respective Rates and Duties to be paid by every such

Auctioneer, Agent, FaCtor, or Seller by Commission, out of the Monies anting at each and every such

Sale or Auction, as aforesaid.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-

ninth Day of September, each and every Person atiting a« Auctioneer as aforesaid, at every such public Sale

or Auction, in London, Westminster, or in any other Parts within the Limits or Jmifdiction of the Chief

Office of Excise in London, shall, at the Time of receiving such Licence, g:ve Security, by Bond, to his

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of two hundred Pounds, with two or m re (efficient Sure-

ties, which Security the said Commissioners for the Duty of Excise reflectively for the Time being, or any

two or more of them, or such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of Excise respectively shall ap-

point to deliver out such Licences, and to receive the said Duties, is or are hereby author-fed to take, that

he will, within fourteen Days after each and every such Sale or Auction, deliver to the Person or Pci Tons,

so to be appointed as aforesaid, an exadf and particular Account in Writing, of the total Amount of the

Money bid at such Sale, and of the several Articles, Lots, or Parcels, wh ch dial have been f Id, the

Price of each Article, Lot, or Parcel, in every such Sale, and what Article 01 Artic les, lot or Lots, Par-

cel or Parcels, if any, was or were bought in by the Owner, or by his Direction (such Direction to be in

Writing, and witnessed by the Owner) ; and at the fame Time make Payment of all such Sum and Sums

of Money as shall be due and payable to his Majesty, in pursuance of, and according to the true Intent and

Meaning of this Act; which Sum or Sums of Money he is hereby authorilid and directed to retain out of

the Produce of each Sale made as aforesaid ; and such Person, or the Fcrfm acting as Clerk at such Sale (if

any) shall make Oath of the Truth of every such Account, before the Officer appointed to receive the iaii

Du'y, which Oath such Officer is hereby authorised and required to administer: And if it (lull appear to

the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or of the Pe son or Persons so appointed by them in this Be-

half, as aforesaid, that the Party giving such Bond hath aTlcd agreeably to the Directions of this A of*

during the respective Year for which his Licence was to continue in relation whcieto each Bor.J shall have

been so given ; then, in each and every such Cafe, they shall cause such Bond to be d .lives e J up; but in

case no such Account shall be delivered herein before mentioned, or if it shall appear that any (cell Ac-

count was not truly,made, or that the Party hath added contrary to the true Intent and Mean’ng < f fuffin

Bond, and of this present Act, it shall and may be lawful for the fa:d Commissioners, or the Pc. ions so ap-

pointed by them as aforesaid (unless they shall find sufficient Cruse to forbear tine fan t), to 0, itic earn ami

every such Bond to be prosecuted according to Law; and thereupon, in rale of a Verdtit or Judgment

aga 11ft the Defendant, such Licence shall thenceforth become void to all Intents and i'u'pofc*, and such

Defendant shall from thenceforth be incapable of ever after having any such Licence; ai.J in case of acting

under Colour of any such Licence, (hull be liable to all the Penalties whicTma^ be incurred by this Act

for acting as an Auctioneer without Licence.

VII. And it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. T hat each and every Person so acting

as aforesaid, at every such public Sale or Auction, in any other Part of Great Ltitniru Until, at ihc Time of

receiving such Licence as aforesaid, give Security by Bond, as aforesaid, in the Sum cf fx ty Pounds i

which Security the Collector* or Supervifnrs, or other Officer to be appointed for g anting such Licence as

a'orefaid, shall, and they are hereby authorised to take ; that he will, wi bin fix \Vuks after every tutin

S.de, deliver in an exact and particular Acomnt, as is herun-beffre required to be T livered by Persons

vending or selling determined by Auction, within the Bills of Mortality, and flvll at the fame Time make Fu\m<ne

of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be due and payable to IPs Mffir !»y, ( -r or on Account or cadi

Sale by him made, fiom Time to Time, within such six Weeks respecuvidy s and all thePoweis, Direc-

tions,

