A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. C. 8.

said Act of the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, the diferettonary Power, which was formerly

€ veiled in the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs by the said Ail of the fourth of his present Ma-

jesty, to dispense with the said Certificate \ for Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may

be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice anjl Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same. That, from and after the parting of this Act, if any Sugar or Paneles shall be im-

ported into Great Britain, from any British Colony or Plantation in America, without, or which shall not

»e included in the Certificate required by the said Ail of the fourth of his present Majesty, and it shall bq

made appear, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty’a Customs at London or Edinburgh.

respeilively, that the Goods are really and truly the Produce of any British Plantation or Colony in America,

and that no Fraud was intended, it shall and may in such Cafe be lawful for the said respective Commis-

sioners to permit the said Goods to be entered, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, any

Thing in the said Ail, of the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, to the contrary in any wile notwith-

standing.

4 II. And whereas several Parcels of Sugar have been imported into this Kingdom, from several of the

c British Colonies or Plantations in America, since the said first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-nine, without, or which are not included in the Certificate required by the said Ait of the fourth

4 of his present Majesty; Part of which Sugar now remains secured in Warehouses under his Majesty’s

4 Locks, and othetr rare thereof hath been delivered upon the Merchants depositing the French Duties in

the Hands of the proper Officer of his Majesty’s Customs till such Certificate could be produced, and

other Part which hath been lately so imported is not yet entered: And whereas, from the present State

c of public Affairs in the West Indies, it is now impracticable to produce the Certificates for such Sugar*

4 for want of which, unless Relief is granted by Parliament, the said Sugar is liable to the fame Duties,

4 Restrictions, Regulainns, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as Sugar of the Growth, Produce, or Manufac-

4 ture, of any French Colony or Plantation, notwithstanding the fame is really the Produce of the BritiJ)1

4 Colonies or Plantations in America :’ For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority afore-

Taid, That it shall and may be lawful for the respective Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, or any

three or more of them, to permit the said Sugar so secured in Warehouses, or not entered, to be entered and

delivered, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties for the Quantity landed, and the Difference of

the Duties so deposited to be returned, upon the Proof herein before required and directed; any Thing in

the said Act, of the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, to the contrary notwithstanding.

503

Sugar or Paneles

from British

America may be

entered on Pay-

ment f British

Plantation Du-

ties, withoat the

Certificate re-

quired by an At\

4 Geo. 111.

How Commis-

fionrrs of the

Customs are to

act relative to

Sugar irr ported

from America

fir.re March I,

*779.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to indemnify such Officers of the Militia as have not transmitted to the Clerks of

the Peace Descriptions of their Qualifications, and Certificates of their having taken the

Oaths as required; and for allowing further Time for the Delivery of Descriptions of

Qualifications by such Officers of the Militia*, and for obliging the Captain Lieutenant

to deliver in a Description of his Qualification.

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An All to explain,

amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in being relative to the Militia Forces of this

4 Kingdom \ and for making certain Provisions relative to the Fencible Men in that Part of Great Britain called

4 Scotland, every Officer then holding or then after accepting a Commission as Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel,

4 Major, or Captain, is required, before the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and

4 seventy-nine, or within six Months after such Acceptance, to deliver in his or their several respective

4 Qualification or Qualifications, agreeable to the Direftions of an Act made in the eighteenth Year of his

Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual the Laws relating to the raffing and

Preamble.

Recital of Cap.

72, of the last

Session j

and 18 Oeo. III.

Cap. 59.

- , . , Of

the County, in the Militia whereof such Officer shall serve, a true Description of hi> Qualification, and

4 also a Certificate of his having taken the Oaths required: And whereas, by Reason of such Officers

‘ being upon Duty, and at a Dista nee from their respective Counties, many of them h^ve emitted to deliver

in their respective Qualifications, and to transmit such Description and Certificate as aforesaid, whereby

4 they are or may be liable to the Penalties imposed determined by the said Acts for such Neglect or OmissionBe it

therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame. That in case any such Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain, or Officer of Militia,

shall have neglected or omitted to deliver in his or their several respective Qualification or Qualifications,

or to transmit to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, in the Militia whereof such Officer shall feive, a

true Description of his Qualification for holding such respective Commission, and also a Certificate of his

having taken the Oaths required, such Officer or Officers, notwithstanding such Omission or Neglect, shall

be, anJ are hereby indemnified from the Penalties imposed by the said recited Acts for such Omission or

Neglect 5 and all Acts done by them, in virtue of their respective Commissions as Officers in the Militia,

are hereby directed to be valid and of full Effect; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them,

to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Officer now holding or hereafter accepting a Commission as

-Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain, or Captain Lieutenant, excepting only Inch Captain Lieu-

T11 ‘ tenants

Militia Officer*,

who have re*

glebed to deliver

in their Qualifi-

cations, gcc. are

indemnified, and

their AiU valid.

Officers to deli-

ver in their Qua-

lifications be-

fore March 1,

1780.

