2 14

Ar nuitlfs to be

Tax-free.

In case the Offi-

cer of the Re-

ceipt of the Ex-

chequer, &e.

stall nr^-led to

pay the Annu-

ities on Demand,

they* or their

Securities, may

be sued for the

■v (a»ne.

Provifj relating

to the Payment

of the Annuities.

All the Power*,

Directions, &c.

to be contained

in his Majesty’s

Letters Patent to

he made in pur-

fuance of this

A ‘t, ftnll be

tffedtual in

Law, notwith-

ft^nding any

RcAr ttions

contained in any

of the before re-

C;ted Acts, dec.

General S*v‘ng.

FVin tie.

Rectt .^i of A ds

1 I & 12 Gul.

ILL

V

C. 32. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 177c.

of any Person or Persons authorised by them, or any of them respectively, to receive the same, shall be a

good 2nd sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued

for, had, or obtained, in that Behalf; and that the said respective Annuities or yearly Sums, and every

Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impqfitions, and other public Charges whatsoever:

And that if ihe Officer of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the said Commissioners, Farmers,

Treasurers, or Receivers for the Time being, of any of the said Duties or Revenues, upon which the said

Annuities or yearly Sums, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be charged as aforesaid, shall relufe or neglect

to pay the fame, upon Demand to be made for that Purpore, or any Part thereof, according to the true In-

tent of this Act, and of such Letters Parent or Letters Patent?, to be granted by his Majesty as aforesaid,

then their said Royal Highneffies Prince Frederick Bishop of Osnaburgh, Prince William Henry, Prince Ed-

ward, Prince Erne,! Augustus, Prince Augustus Frederick, and Prince Addphus Frederick, and their said

Royal Highnefies Princels Charlotte Av.gufta Matilda, Princess Atigufta Sophia, Princess Elizabeth, Princess

Alary, and Princess Sophia, and their Highneiles Prince William Frederick, and Princess Sophia Matilda, or

the Survivors or Survivor of them, or such of them as shall be intitled to receive the said Annuities, or any

of them, or any Part thereof, or such their Trustees respectively, may, from Time to Time, sue, pro-

fecute, and implead, such Officers, Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, or Receivers, or any of them,

or all or any of their Securities, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, by Bill, Plaint, or Action of

Debt, and shall and may recover Judgment?, and sue out Executions thereupon, against such Officers,

Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, or Receivers respectively, and their respective Securities, their

Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing

upon the said several and respective Annuities, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of such

Officers, Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, or Receivers respectively, at the Time and Times when

such Demand shall be made of the Payment of the said several and respective Annuities or yearly Sums, or

any Part thereof, as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, That if any of the said respedivr Annuities or yearly Sums, or any Part thereof,

shall cease to be chargeable upon, and payable out of, the said General or Aggregate Fund, or any Part

thereof, and shall become chargeable upon, and payable out of, all or any of the said hereditary Duties,

Revenues, and Branches, between any two of the said quarterly Days of Payment; then, and in such Cafe,

such Annuities respectively shall, at the next Quarter Day, be payable, at the Receipt of the Exchequer,

out of the said General or Aggregate Fund, and out of the said hereditary Duties, Revenues, and Branches,

in Proportion to the Times during which the fame were, in the Course of such Quarter, so chargeable and*

payable, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Precepts, Di-

rections, and Clauses, to be contained in his Majesty’s Letters Patent hereafter to be made as aforesaid, for

the better and more certain Payment and Assurance of the said several Annuities or yearly Sums, and for

m iking the said respective Revenues, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, liable thereunto as

aforesaid, shall be good and effectual in the Law, according to the Tenor and Purport thereof, in the said

Letters Patent or Letters Patents to be expressed, notwithstanding any Restriction or other Matter or

Thing contained in thfe said recited A cl, made in the first: Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen

Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Support cf her Majestys Hoijehold, and of the Honour and Dignity of

the Crown; and notwithstanding any Restriction or other Matter or Thing contained in the said Act, made

in the ninth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne% intituled, An Act for establishing a Ge-

neral Post-office for all her Mfteftys Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for*

the Service of the I Tar, and other her Majesty's Occasions; and notwithstanding any Restriction’or other Mar-

ter or Thing contained in the said Act, made in the first Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act for the Support of his Majesty s Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Bri-

tain; and notwithstanding any Restriction or other Matter or Thing contained in the said Act, made in

the fifth Year of iiis present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to alter certain Rates of Po/lage 5 and ts

amend, explain, and enlarge, several Prov ftons in an Act made in the ninth Tear of thes Reign of Queen Anne,

and in other Acts relating to the Revenue of the Post-office > and notwithstanding any other Act or Acts of Par-

liament, or any Mifrecital, Nonrecital, Omission, or other Defect, in the said Letters Patent or Letters

Patents, hereafter to be made by virtue of this Act.

XL Saving to alf and every Person and Person*, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs, Executors',

Administrators, and Assigns (other than the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors), all such Right,

Title, 'Intercil, and Demand whatsoever, which they, or any of them, have or may have, of, in, to, or

out of the Revenues aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part thereof, before the making of this Act, as fully

and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act haft not been made j any Tfling herein contained

to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for further continuing so much of certain Duties as have by several Acts of Par-

liament been granted and conrinued for repairing and maintaining the Harbours of Dover

and Rye, as are applicable to completing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour of Ryey

in the County of Suffice.

J HEREAS by an Act, made in the eleventh and twelfth Year of King William the Third, in-

‘ y V titu'ed. An Act for the Repair of Dover Harbour, certain Duties were laid upon Slops and Vdlels

A for raising Money for that Purpose, and the said Duties were to continue to the first Day of AIay, one

6 « 4 thousand

