228

Penilty on Re-

or per-

mitting Elope.

No AQioa for

any Dtbt, re-

coverable by

this A#, to be

Irought in any

other Court.

To what Debts

this A& rtiall

not extend.

Penalty on wil-

ful Perjury.

Penalty on not

obeying a Sub-

perna.

No Writ to be

feed oot against

fa Commissioner

tmt'i one Ca-

lendar Month’s

Notice Hull

hav r been

give i.

Comm iflic iters

may tender

Amends.

C. 36, Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. 'A.D. 1778.

the said Commissioners prefen t m Court, or by virtue of any Warrant, Attachment, Execution, or other

Procef*, issuing out of the said Court of Requests, within any of the said Divisions; and in case the Keepers

of the said Gaols or Houses of Correction, reflectively, or either of them, shall neglect or refuse'to receive

and take into his or their Custody, any Person or Persons committed by virtue of this Act, or, before the

Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall be Co committed to his or their Custody, shall

discharge such Person or Persons, or wilfully permit and suffer such Person or Persons to go at large, with-

out a Warrant, Order, or Authority for tha^ Purpose, in Writing, signed in Court by three or more of

the said Commissioners, every Keeper offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, and being thereof convicted

before one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said ljlt of £Zy, upon the Oath of one or

more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on his or their own Confession, shall forfeit, for every such

Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, aMhe Discretion of such Justice

or Justices before whom the Person or Persons so offending shall have been convicted, and to be applied for

the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; and that in Default of immediate

Payment as aforesaid, the Sum to be so forfeited shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offen-

der’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of f^ch Juilico or

Justices.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit for any Debt, not

amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this A & in the said Court of Re-

quests, shall be brought against any Person or Persons, residing or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction

thereof, In any of the King’s Courts at JVefminfer^ or in any other Court whatsoever, or elsewhere out of

the said Court of Requests; and that no Action or Suit commenced in the said Court of Requests, in pur-

fuance of this A61, nor any Proceeding therein, shall or maybe removed into any superior Court; but

the Judgments, Decrees, and Proceedings of the said Court shall be final and conclusive, to all Interns and

Purposes.

XXV. Provided always, and be' it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this A£i, or any Thing

herein contained, shall not extend to any Debt due on Specialty, or Action of Covenant; or to any Debt

for Rent, upon any Lease or Contract, where the Title of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real Contrail; nor to any Debt that shall arise upon

or by reason of any Cause concerning any last Will and Testament, or Matrimony, or any Thing properly

belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts; nor to any Debt for any Money or Thing won at, or by Means

of any Horse-race, Cock-match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play; nor any Forfeiture upon any

penal Statute or Bye-law; nor to any Debt whereof there bath not been a Contract, Acknowledgment,

Undertaking, or Promise to pay, within six Years before the taking out of the Summons for the fame, al-

though such Debt shall be under the Value of forty Shillings.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, in making

Oath, or giving Evidence, in tiny Cause or Matter depending in the said Court of Requests, pursuant to

this Act, shall commit any wilful and corrupt Perjury, such Person or Persons being duly convicted thereof

according to Law, shall incur and suffer such Pains and Penalties as any other Person pr Persons convicted

of wilful and corrupt Perjury is or are subject and liable to, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person residing or being

found within the said Isle of Ely, who shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons, to be issued out of

the said Court of Requests, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shall negle6f or re-

fuse to appear, pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, at the Time and Place therein mentioned, and due

Proof, upon Oath, shall be t.-ade of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no Cause be shewn to

the Satisfaction of the Majority of the Commissioners present at the Court before which such Person shall

by such Subpoena or Summons be required to appear, and Oath made before the said CommifHoners, by

the Party at whose Instance and on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued, that the Person served

therewith was a material Witness for such Party, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commission-

ers assembled in Court, or the maj<rr Part so assembled, to impose and lay a Fine, not exceeding fifty Shil-

lings, nor less than five Shillings, to be levied, if not immediately paid on Demand, by Distress and Sale

of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three

or more of them; which Fine, when paid or levied, shall be paid to the Party at whose Instance such Sub-

poena or Summons issued.

XXVill. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Writ shall be sued out against,

nor a Copy of any Process served upon, any of the said Commissioners for the Time being, for any Thing

done, or to be done, by him in the Execution of this A6>, until one Calendar Month next after Notice in

Wri ting shall have been delivered to him, or left at the usual Place of his Abode, determined by the Attorney or Agent

for the Party who intends to sue out such Writ or Process as aforesaid, in which Notice shall be clearly and

explicitly contained the Cause of Action against such Commissioner, with the Name and Place of Abode of

such Attorney or Agent; and that a Fee of twenty Shillings shall be paid for the preparing and serving of

every such Notice, and no more.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said Commis-

sioners to whom such Notice shall be given as aforesaid, at any Time within one Calendar Month after

such Notice shall have been given, to tender Amends to the Party complaining, or to his or her Agent or

Attorney; and in case the fame is not accepted, to plead such Tender in Bar to any Action to be brought

against him, grounded on such Writ or Process, together with the Plea of Nat Guilty, and other Plea,

with Leave of the Court; and if, upon Ifiue joined thereon, the Jury (bail find the Amends so tendered to

have been sufficient, then they shall give a Verdict for the Defendant; and in such Cafe, or in case the

Plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his or her Action, or in case Judgment shall be given for

such

