All T'crfon* ap-

plying for any

Com-riflion, to

set forth in

Writing *n r*act

Defer prion of

the Vessel, its

Ca'g<>, Number

of Gun», See•

Commanders of

comm flioned

Ships to produce

their Commis-

linns to the Col-

lector, Scc, of

the Customi ;

who are to ex-

amine such

Ships;

and if found

agreeable to the

Dsscription, to

grant a Ccrtifi-

cats thereof.

Penalty on

Commander

leaving Port

without a Cer-

tificate, dec.

Penalty on Col-

lector, Customer,

dec. (or granting

a false Certi-

ficate.

Prcnrifo ft vr

afcei taming

the Tonnage.

If the Com-

mander of any

commissioned

SI) p shall agree

v i:h a'y Person

belonging to *ny

P.ia ukm, for

the Kanfoni

thereof, dec.

he shall be

deemed a Pi-

rate, *rd fuPer

accordingly.

C. 7. Anno decimo fepticno Georgii III. A. D. 1777.

make diligent Enquiry into; and satisfy himself or themselves of the Sufficiency of such Bail and Security,

and make a Report thereof to the said Judge, or his Surrogate, before any such Commission shall lt granted

oriflued.

VIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid^ That, from and after the said twentieth Day

of February, one thousand feveu hundred and seventy-seven, all and every Person and Persons who shall

apply to the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for

the lime being, in order to obtain any Commission to be granted or issued fonh in pursuance of this Act>,

shall make every such Application in Writing; and therein set forth a particular, true, and exact Defcrip-

fion of the Ship or Vessel employed in Trade, or retained in his Majesty’s Service, for which such Commis-

fion is requested,^ specifying the Cargo thereof, the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, and the Number and

Nature of the Guns on board the lame, to what Place belonging, and on what Voyage bound, and the

Name or Names of the principal Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, and the Number of Men in-

tended to be put on board the fame (all which Particulars shall respectively be inferred in every Commis-

fion to be granted or issued in pursuance of this Act) ; and that every Commander of a Merchant Ship, or

a Ship retained in his Majesty’s Service, for which a Commission shall be granted or issued in pursuance of

this Act, shall produce liich Commission to the Collector, Customer, or Searcher, for the Time being,

of"his Majesty’s Customs, re Tiding at or belonging to the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be

first fitted out, or to the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Customer or Searcher; and the said

Coile&or, Customer or Searcher, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall, as Toon thereafter as

conveniently may be, without Fee or Reward, inspedi and examine such Ship or Veil'd ; and if the fame

shall thereupon be found to be according to the Tenor of the Description inserted in such Commission as

aforesaid, or be of a greater Burthen or Force than shall be mentioned in such Commission, then such Col-

ledlor, Customer or Searcher, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall, and he or they is and are

hereby required immediately, upon the Request of the Commander of such Ship or Veil'd, to give a Certi-

ficate thereof in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, gratis, to such Commander ; which Certifi-

cate shall be deemed a necessary Clearance before such Merchant Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to fail

from that Port: And if the Commander of any Ship or Vessel, for which any Commission shall have been

granted or issued in pursuance of this Adf, shall depart with such Ship or Veil'd from such Port of Clear-

ance, before he hath received such Certificate, or shall depart from any such Port, or proceed upon a

Voyage with a Force inferior to the Force specified in such Commission, or required by this Act, in every

such Cafe, the Commission for such Ship or Vessel shall from thenceforth be absolutely null and void,

and the Commander so offending, being convicted thereof before any Court of Admiralty, shall be impri-

foned, without Bail or Mainprize, for such Space of Time as the said Court shall direct, not exceeding one

Year for any one Offence.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Collector, Customer, or Searcher

of his Majesty’s Customs, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall grant a Certificate for any Ship

or Vessel which shall not be of the Burthen and Force specified in the Commission granted to the Cc m-

mander or Commanders thereof, or of greater Burthen and Force than shall be mentioned in such Com-

mission, he shall, for such Offence, forfeit hrs said Office, and be for ever after incapable of holding any

Office in the Customs, and shall alfu forfeit the Sum of one h in :red Pounds, so be recovered by any

Person or Persons who. will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any

of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at lVejhninjlert or in the Courts of Scilion or Exchequer in Scotland,

in which no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed ; and one

Moiety of the said Penalty of one hundred Pounds, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or In-

formers, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer for the Time being to the Corporation for the Relief and

Support of Tick, maimed, and dTabled Seamen, and of rhe Widows and Children of such as shall be killed,

(lain, or drowned, in the Merchants Service, for the Use of such Corporation ; or where huh Forfeitures

shall be incurred in any of the Out-ports in which a Corporation is tstablished, or shall hereafter be efta-

blished, for the Purpofi s aforesaid, then a Moiety of such Penalty shall be paid to the Trustees for the Use

of the Corporation so tstablished.

X. Provided always. That the Number of Tons so to be certified, be ascertained according to the Rules

laid down by an Act, passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Awe (intituled.

An Act for making a convenient Dock or Bason at Liverpool, for the Security of all Ships trading to and from tl>e

said Port of Liverpool).

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case, at any Time or Times after

the said twentieth Day of Fibruary, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-ftven, any Commander or

Commanders of any Merchant Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vcfllls, duly commissioned by virtue of this Act,

shall agree with the Commander or Commanders, or other Person or Persons, of or belonging to any Ship

or Ships, Vessel or Vefl'cls, for the Ransom of any such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, or the respective

Cargo or Caigoes thereof, or any Pait thereof, after the fame shall have been taken as Prize, and shall, in

pursuance of such Agreement or Agreements, actually quit, set at Liberty, or discharge any such Prize or

Prizes, instead of bringing the fame into some Port or Ports belonging to his Majesty’s Dominions not in

Rebellion ; that then all and every of the Commander and Commanders of such commissioned Ship or Ships,

or Vessel or Vessels, who shall agree for any such Ransom, and shall quit, set at Liberty, or discharge,

any such Prize or Prizes in Manner aforesaid, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be guilty of Piracy,

Felony, and Robbery, and he, they, and every of them, being duly copy idled thereof, shall have and

fufTVr such Pains of Death, Loss of Lands, Goods and Chattels, as Pirates, Felons, and Robbers upon

the Seas, ought to have and suffer according to the Laws now in being.

XII. And

