584 C, 51.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1780.

Where and when

tbcToll gate

K epers shall

brin ' the f«id

TuketJ.

Penalty onToll-

^ate Keepers

whollwll not de-

liver up Tickets

on Demand j

or who shall ne-

gledt to receive

or to file any

Tickets, ai re-

quired by this

Aa.

Gate-keeperi

fraudulently ac-

cepting lets than

they are autho-

rised to de.nand,

forfeit aos.

Where Poftmaf-

lers, See.

in? 1 ut oi the

B Us of Morta-

lity, are to at-

tend and pafa

their Account!.

This Af^not to

extend tf> ^forfe*

u:ed in Hackney-

coaches, Sect

All Horfrs hired

by the Mile or

Stage, shall be

deemed hireJ to

travel Foil.1

On the Death of

any bcensed Post-

matter, Ac. his

ilxecu ors, Arc.

ih A\ not be liable

to any Penalty

for letting Horses

to Hire, provided

th*y take out a

L'c^nce within

30 Days after his

Death.

After Aug. 2,

17?io, every

Portir.dft:r, &c.

on delivering iiis

Aciounts, shall

make Oath to

the Truth iheie-

fa

vellers, PerCbn or Persons, who shall not, pursuant to this Act, have delivered the Tickets to such Toll-

gate Keeper as aforesaid.

XXVIII. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That all and every Toll-gate Keeper

shall, for the Compensation and Allowance aforesaid, bring, or cause to be brought, the Tickets herein-

before mentioned by him or her received, if within five Miles of London^ then to the Head Office there,

or to such other Place within the Bills of Mortality as the Commissioners of the Stamp-duties shall ap^-

point; and if beyond the Distance of five Miles from London, then to such Places, and at such Tunes,

as the Collector appointed to collect such Duties shall require, and deliver up, or cause to be delivered up*

such Tickets to the Receiver-general or Collector to be appointed as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Toll-gate Keeper who

shall have received such Stamp-office Tickets as aforesaid, who shall not bring, or cause to be brought,

such Tickets, at the Times and Places aforesaid, shall, upon Demand made at the Gate of such Turnpike,

deliver such Tickets to the Collector to be appointed by the said Commissioners for managing the Duties

on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, as aforesaid; and if any 1 oil-gate Keeper shall refuse to de-

liver up all and every such Stamp office Tickets, so received by him or her, upon such Demand as afore-

said, every Toll-gate Keeper shall, for each Ticket he or she shall so refuse to deliver up, forfeit and pay

the Sum of five Shillings, to be recovered as herein-after is directed.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Toll-gate Keeper shall ne-

gle& or refuse to receive from any Person or Persons any Ticket or Tickets, hereby directed to be delivered

to such Toll-gate Keeper as aforesaid, or shall negledfc or refuse to file the fame, every such Toll-gate

Keeper, so neglecting or refusing, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shil-

lings, to he recovered, levied, and applied, in Manner herein-after directed.

4 XXXI. And, in order to prevent any collusive or fraudulent Practices in Toll-gate Keepers,’ he it.

enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Toll-gate Keeper shall ask, demand, or receive, or.

agree to take or accept, any less Sum or Sums of Money than he or she is hereby authorised to ask, de-

mand, and receive, and retain to his own Use, every such Toll-gate Keeper shall, for every such Offence*

forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be recovered and applied in the Manner herein-after

appointed.

XXXII* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Postmaster, Inn—

keeper, or other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, not residing in the Cities of London andWestminster, nor

within the Bills of Mortality, shall, at the Times and at the Places to be mentioned at the Foot of the lirft:

Licence granted to him, her, or them, when the fame shall be delivered, and afterwards at the Foot of

every Receipt which shall be given by the Colle<Slor for the Money paid in by him, her, or them, on Ac-

count of the said Duties, attend, and there deliver in and pass his Account, and pay the Duty received;

by him, her, or them, as aforesaid, to the Collector so appointed to collect the fame: Provided that no

such Person as aforesaid shall be compelled to travel for the Payment of the said Duties, or other Cause:

whatsoever touching or concerning the fame, if he, she, or they live in a Market-town, out of the said

Town, or if he, she, or they live out of a Market-town, then to no other Place than to the Maxket-towxfc

nearest to his, her, or their Habitation.

XXXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to apy Horses used in Hackney-coaches, licenced pursuant to

several Acts of Parliament made for that Purpose, where the Horses drawing such Hackney-eoaches shall

be employed to go to no greater Difiance than ten Miles from the Cities of London and Weflwinjierf and

the Suburbs thereof.

, XXXIV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every Horse

hired by the Mile or Stage, shall be deemed to be hired to travel Post, within the tiue Intent and Mean-

ing of this Act, although the Pe. son or Persons hiring the fame do not go or travel several Stages upon

Poll-road, or change BLorfes; and although, at the Stage or Place at or to which such Horse shall.be hired

there shall not be any Poit-houie; and although there shall not be any Post settled or established on tho

Road, or any Part thereof, upon which such Horse shall be hired to go* any Thing here in-be fore con^

tained, or any Law or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Poftmaftea, Innkeeper, or

other Person, licensed to let Boiles in Manner aforesaid, shall die, it shall and may be lawful for his x>r

her Executors, Admimftrarors, or other Persons succeeding to such Inn, House, or other Place, to let

Horses to Hire in Manner aforesaid, until such Time as such Person shall procure such Licence, and give

such Security as herein-before directed, without being liable to the Penalty here in-before inflicted upon tho

Persons letting Horses for Hire without being licensed in that Behalf, provided that such Licence be taken,

out within thirty Days after the Death of such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person; and such Perloa

or Persons {hall be subject to the same Rules, Regulations, and Charges, and liable to account, and tea

the Payment of the fame Rates and Duties hereby imposed, as such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Per^

son, was subject and liable to.

4 XXXVI. And, for the more eftedlual taking an Account of the several Duties imposed by this Act;

‘ and preventing Frauds therein,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said

first Day of AugufL every Postmaster, Innkeeper, and other Person, so licensed to let Horses as aforesaid,

shall, at the respective Times of delivering their Accounts to, the Commissioners,. or other Person ap-

pointed by them to receive the same, at the Head Office, or to the Collector or Collectors authorised by the

said Commissioners to receive the same, and the Money due therein, make Oath, or being one of the

People called ^uakersy make and subscribe a solemn Affirmation, before such Commissioners, or other

Ferlon appointed as aforesaid, or Collector or Collectors, who aie hereby iespective)y authorised and im-

powered

