The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Common Pleas, and of the Barons of the Coif of the

Court of Exchequer, at Westminster.

66* An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional

Duties on stamped Vellum* Parchment, and Paper; and

for better securing.the Stamp-duties upon Indentures,

Leases, Deeds, and other Instruments.

67. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the

more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty’s Navy.

68. An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more

effectual, an Act passed in the twenty-third Year of the

Resign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for

the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the

.Tower Hamlets.

69. An Act for the more effectually preventing the per-

nicious Practices of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and

for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Of-

fences against the Laws of the Customs and Excise, up-

on the Terms therein mentioned.

7P* An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made

in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the

First, intituled. An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious

Arrests ; and for other Purposes.

71. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Sinking Fund ; and for applying cer-

tain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine; and

for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this

Session of Parliament.

72. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual,

t __ the several Laws now in being relative to the Militia

Forces of this Kingdom; and for making certain Pro-

visions relative to the Fcncible Men in that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland,

73. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of

One million, for the Uses and Purposes therein men-

, tioned.

74. An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the

Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment,

of certain Offenders.

75. An Act for removing certain Difficulties with respect

to the more speedy and effectual Manning of his Ma-

jesty’s Navy, for a limited Time.

76. An Act for augmenting the Militia.

77. An A£\ to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from

James Gildart and his Sureties, and for veiling the

Estates of the said James Gildart in Francis Gildart and

Thomas Gildart; and for other Purposes therein men-

* trooed.

78. An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, passed in

twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for build-

ing a Temporary Bridge over the River Tyney between

the Town of NevjcaJile upon Tyne and Gateshead, in the

County of Durham; for completing the new Stone

Bridge over the said River ; and for making the Avenues

to, and the Passage over the fame more commodious.

79. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Ma-

jesty King George the‘Second, intituled. An Act for re-

pairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at Buckton Burn,

in the County of Durham, through Berwic k upon Tweed,

to Lammerton-hill, and also the several other Roads therein

mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the liberties

of the said Town of Berwick.

80. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his

Majesty King George the Second, intituled. An Act for

. tepairing and widening the Road from Thirfk, over Skip-

ton Bridge, through JBalderfby, to Baldei fby-gate, ad-

x joining to Hutton-moor, in the Way to Ripon; and through

A inderby, Quernoy, and Nofterneld, by Well Flafhes

Gate, to Maui am, in the County of York; and likewise

for removing the Toll-house and Turnpike-gates at B*jfby

Stobb, in the said County, to some other convenient Place

in the Road leading from Borough-bridge to the City of

Durham.

81. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the

Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairings widening,

and rendering Jaft and commodious, several Roads lead-

ing from the Town of South Mol ton, in the County of

Devon.

82. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and en-

larging the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-

eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the

Town of Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester,

through the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to

the City of Coventry.

83. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of three

Acts passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of King.

George the First, and in the fifteenth and twenty-fourth

Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for re-

pairing the Road from IVendover to the Town of Buck-

ingham^ and other Roads in the County of Buckingham,

so far as the fame relate to the Road from the Weft End

of the Town of Beaconsfield to within Half a Mile of

the River Colne> near Uxbridge, in the County of

Middlesex,

84. An Act for widening and repairing a Lanecalled Pitt’s

or Sheppard’s Lanes leading from the Market-house in

the Town of Maidenheads in the County of Berksy to-

wards Cookhams in the said County; and for turning the

Course of the present Road, leading from Ray-mills and

Cookham to the T urnpike Road near Maidenhead afore -

said.

85. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the twenty-

sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repair-

ing the Road from Awby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of

Leicester, through Burton upon Trent, in the County of

Stafford, and to The Cock Inn in Tutbury, in the said

County.

86. An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in

the twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, in-

tituled, An Act for repairing the Road from a certain Place

in Bury, in the County ^Huntingdon, through Warboys*

Old Hurst, Saint Ives, Hilton, Eltifley, Warefley, Gam-

lin^ay, and Potton, to a House called The Spread Eagle,

in Stratton, within the several Counties of Huntingdon,

Cambridge, and Bedford.

87. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers .of an

Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of

his Majesty King George the Second, intituled. An Act

>for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfield, to

the Turnpike Road at Hernftone-lane Head ; and also the

Road branching from the said Roads upon the East Mopr,

through Baflow and Ward low, to the joining of the said

Roads again near Wardlow-mires; and also the Road

leading between the said Road and Branchs from Calver*

bridge to Baflow bridge; and also the Road from the

Turnpike Reads near Newhaven-house, to the Turnpike

Road near Grindleford* bridge, in the County ^Derby.

88. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and

enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-

second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widen-

ing the Road from De wfbury to Ealand, in the West Riding

of the County of York.

89. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging

