A.D. 1778. Anno decimo odtayo Georgii III. C. 45- 24*

to be given, ten Days Notice, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause

or Matter thereof, to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, or hisT)eputy; and within three Days

after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with

two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, the said Sessions $ and

the Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and of the entering into

such Recognizance, shall hear, and finally determine the Matter of such Appeal, in a summary Way 5 and

if they fee Cause may, by their Order, mitigate, at their Discretion, all or any of the said Penalties or For-

feitures, or vacate or let aside any Conviction cr Convictions (but not for Want of Form only), or other-

wife may ratify and confirm the fame, and award such Costs, as they shall think proper; and the Determi-

nation of the said Justices at such Sessions thall be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, and

shall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari, or other Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record. /

XXVI Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no Justice or Justices

of the Peace who shall have been present or in anywise have acted in the Transaftion which shall have oc-

cafioned any Complaint or Grievance, for Redress whereof any such Appeal or Appeals shall be made or

brought, shall be capable of acting as a Justice of the Peace in the determining or dtciding such Contro-

versy, Dispute, or Grievance, for a Redress whereof any Appeal shall arise or be brought at such Sessions.

XXVIl. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or

prosecuted against any" Person or Persons for any Thing done or to he done in pursuance of this Act, the

fame shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fa<£t committed, and not afterwards,

and shall belaid in the County of Northumberland, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants

in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General issue, and give this Act and the special Mater in

Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority

of this Act: And if it shall appear so to be done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced

after the Time before limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, that then the

Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or

discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or

upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall

recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or

have for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

XXVIII And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and

shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons wheunsoever, without

specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Allowance upon

the Exportation of British-mzdc Gunpowder , to the further encouraging the Manufacture

of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Clothy to the granting a

Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Ma-

jesty’s Sugar Colonies, directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built-in Great Britain, and na-

vigated according to Law , to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or difguised,

in Defiance of the Laws of Custo;ns or Excise^ to the prohibiting the Importation of

Light Silver Coin of this Realm from Foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and

- to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum; to t’ e granting a Bounty upon

Flax feed imported into Ireland; to the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of

Ships and VeflTels from Dover> Deal and Isle of I banc t; and to revive and continue fa

much of an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of his present MajHly’s Reign, as relates to

allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to Ins Mi-

jesty’s Sugar Colonies in America.

1WHEREAS the Laws herezn-after mentioned have, by Expedience, b^on found u.'eful and scene-

€ YV rial* and are near expiring;* may it therefore please your Mij-ity tlut it m»y be enacted; uni

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority ct the

fame, That an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Gevge the Second,

(intituled, An dtl for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of Britillw//<7//f Grnpru*d*r), which was

to continue in Force for five Years, from the twenty-fourth Day ofjuvey one thouljnd (even hundred and

thirty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; anti which, by fever J

subsequent Acts, made in the tenth, sixteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-fiift Years or his said Majest>’s

Reign, and the fourth and twelfth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, was fin iher coir ir.nrd until ih»

twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eigh*>, and fr* m thence to ihz

End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby tuither contihutd, from the

Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand ieven hundred and eighty-five,

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the ninth Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating th

A law future

giving ten Days.

Notice.

Justices con-

cerned in the

Appeal not te

fit at Sessions.

Limitation of

Actions.

General Issue*

Treble Costs.

Public AO»

A.1 4 G.'-.v If.

tCl 1.1

All AC «e-\ .

\ *: o al'vi; - t

P>r*11 v e

Cui.jjjaJ r9

fut’Her c3U’;-

\ », v.

19. 1* S tkc.

*0 9 G o. I -

set fiui'iii *;:t

Il.r vl -re

«-f brni.1. S*i

CtU i/

