Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

SO 4

C.

9*

A. D. 1780.

tenants as have afled as such before the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, ir%

the Militia, nothaving already transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, in the Militia whereof

such Officer shall serve, a true Description of his Qualification for holding such Commission, according to

the Directions of an A& of the last Session of Parliament, shall, on or before the first Day of March, one

thousand seven hundred and eighty, or within six Months after having accepted any such Commission in

future, transmit to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, in the Militia whereof such Officer shall serve*

a true Description of his Qualification for holding Aich Commission as aforesaid ; and in case any fuel*

Officer shall negle<3 or omit to transmit such Description of his Qualification, every such Officer so omit-

ting or neglecting shall be liable to the Penalties imposed by the said Acts for such Neglect or Omission.

Fmn-blt*

Geo. lit,

Cap.-15.

19 Geo. Ill*

Cap. j.

The above re-

cited Afls ex-

tended to oil

Spanish Fiize«

taken tince June

»8, 17-9, or

which may be

t.*ken dunng the

present Fkfli-

JUtics.

Clause ref afire

to the Fayn ent

of Duties for

Prizes* ondemn-

ed in his Maje-

Ay’s Dominiunt

beyond Sea*

Pa»t of the re-

cited A& of !a fb

SelBon icpealed.

CAP. IX.

An Act for extending the Provisions of two Acts, made in the eighteenth Year of his

present Majesty’s Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to bringing

Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods •, and for repealing so much of

the said last-mentioned Act as relates to the Certificates for Prize Tea and India Goods

exported from this Kingdom to Ireland; for the Removal of East India Goods condemned

as Prize at any Out-port to London for Sale, and of Prize Goods for Exportation > and

for reducing the Duty on Foreign Prize Tobacco.

* TWHEREAS his Majesty, by Order in Council dated the eighteenth Day of June, one thousand

4 VV seven hundred and seventy-nine, was pleased to order that general Reprizals be granted against

4 the Ships, Goods, and Subjcfls of the King of Spain; and that, as well all his Majesty’s Fleets and

4 Ships, as also all other Ships and Vessels that shall be commissioned by Letters of Marque or General Re-

* prizals, or otherwise, by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great

4 Britain, (half and may lawfully seize all Ships, Vessels, and Goods, belonging to the King of Spain, or

4 his Subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the Territories of the King of Spain, and bring the fame

4 to Judgment in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Admiralty within his Majesty’s Dominions: And whereas

4 it is expedient that the several Provisions of two Acts of Parliament, the one made in the eighteenth Year

4 of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing

4 and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom; and the other made in the last Session of Parliament,

4 intituled. An Act for granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes, with respect to bringing and landing certain

4 French Prizes in this Kingdom, should be extended in like Manner to all Prize Goods which have been,

4 or may be taken from the Spaniards in pursuance of his Majesty’s said Order in Council, subject never-

4 theless to such Alterations and Regulations as are herein-after prescribed Mav it therefore please your

Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts made in the eighteenth Year of

his Majesty’s Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, and all the Articles, Clauses, and Provisions

therein (except where any Alteration is made by this Act), shall extend, and be construed to extend, to

all Prize Goods and Ships or Vessels which have been taken from the Spaniards since the eighteenth Day

of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, or which hereafter may be taken during the Con*

tinuance of the present Hostilities with Spain, by any of his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels of War, or by any

private or other Ship or Vefiel having Commission or other Authority from the Lord High Admiral of

Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for

the Time being, for thatPurpose.

. ii And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That where any foreign Ship or Vefiel

hath been or shall hereafter be taken, during the present Hostilities, and condemned as Prize in any of his

Majesty’s Dominions out of this Kingdom, the Duty due and payable by Law for such Ship or Vefiel shall

be paid, upon her first Arrival at any Port in this Kingdom, to the Colledfor of his Majesty’s Customs at

such Port, by the Mailer, Owner, or Consignee, of such Ship or Vefiel, whether the fame shall have been,

sold by the Captors after Condemnation, or otherwise; and that no foreign-built Ship or Vessel so con-

demned shall enjoy or be entitled to the Privilege of a Brhilh- built Ship or Vefiel, until such Duty is paid

for the fame: And it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs to

flop and detain such Ship or Vefiel at any Port in Great Britain, until the said Duty is paid as aforesaid;

and in case Payment thereof shall not be made for the Space of three Calendar Months after the Airival of

such ^ hip or Vefiel at any Port in this Kingdom, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his

Majesty’s Customs, or any three or more of them, to cause such Ship or Vefiel, and her Materials, Ap-

parel, and f urniture, to be sold publicly to the best Bidder, and the Produce thereof to be applied, first

so the Charges that shall arise by such Detention and Sale, next to the Customs and Duties, and the Over-

plus to be paid to the Proprietor of such Ship or Vefiel, or other Person duly authorised by such Proprietor

to receive the fi.me.

III. And it i$ hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the herein-before re-

cited Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as enadb, That if any Tea, or other East India Goods*

which are or may be liable to any Dut es ad valorem, which shall be taken and condemned as Prize, shall

be exported from this Kingdom to Ireland, the Certificates, Cocqucts, and other Documents, shall expufs

the Price or Value at which such Goods were sold by the Captors or their Agents upon Condemnation,

and that such Cocquets and other Documents shall have the fame Force and Effe6f, to all Intents and Pur-

*pofea whatfeever, upon the Importation of such Goods into Ireland, as if the said Goods had been imported

1 by

