A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III.

G. 52.

tors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse to aA, that then, and in such Cafe, it shall be lawful for

such Justices of the Peace to appoint a new Assignee or Assignees, with the like Powers and Authorities

as are given by this Act; and the said Justices shall have Power, in a summary Way, to oblige the Heirs,

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of such Af&gnee or Assignees, to account and deliver up all such

£ftate and EffeAs as shall rem in in his or their Hands, to he applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LXVII. And, to the Intent and Purpose that the Estate and EffeAs of such Prisoner or Prisoners as

shall be discharged by virtue of this Act may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his, her,

4 or their real Creditors/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the respeAive Courts at Westminster^ and the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, and the Principality

Of Chffler, and^ the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Durham, respeAively, from whence any Process

Blued upon which any such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were committed; or where the Process issued out

of any other Court, to and for the Judges of the Court of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer,

dr of Great Sessions aforesaid, within their respeAive Jurisdictions, or any one of them, from Time to

Time, upon the Petiticvn of any such Prisoner, or the Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner or Prisoners,

complaining of any Inefficiency, Fraud, Mismanagement, or other Misbehaviour of any Assignee or

Assignees of the Estate or EffeAs of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, to summon all Parties concerned, and,

upon hearing the Parties concerned therein, to make and give such Orders and Directions therein, either

for the Removal or displacing such Aifignee or Assignees, and appointing any $ew Assignee or Assignees in

the Place or Stead of such Assignee or Assignees so to be removed or displaced, or for the prudent, just,

or equitable Management or Distribution of the Estate and EffeAs of any such Prisoner for the Benefit of

the respeAive Creditors, as the said Courts or Judges respeAively shall think fit; and in case of the Re-

moval or displacing of any Assignee or Assignees, and the appointing of any new Assignee or Assignees,

the Estate or EffeAs of such Prisoner or Prisoners shall from thenceforth be divested out of the Assignee

or Assignees so removed or displaced, and be veiled in, and delivered over to, such new Assignee or Af-

signees, in the same Manner, and for the fame Intents and Purposes, as the fame were before vested in

the Assignee or Assignees first cbofe as aforesaid; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary not-

withstanding.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where mu-

tual Credit hath been given between any Prisoner or Prisoners who shall be discharged in pursuance of this

AA, and any other Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, before the Delivery of such Schedule

or Inventory of the Estate and EffeAs of such Prisoner or Prisoners, upon Oath as aforesaid, the respeAive

Assignee and Assignees of such Prisoner or Prisoners is and are hereby authorised and required, on his and

their Parts, to state and allow an Account between them and the other Party or Parties concerned; and

nothing more shall be deemed to be vested in such Clerk of the Peace. Town Clerk, or other Officer

iAing as Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignee or Assignees under such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk,

or other Officer aAing as Clerk of the Peace, as the Estate or EffeAs of such Prisoner or Prisoners, than

what shall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them, respeAively, as and for the Balance of such Ac-

count, when truly dated.

4 LXIX. And whereas many Persons are often committed on Attachments for Contempts, for not

paying Money awarded to be paid under Submissions to Arbitrators by Rules of Court, or underSub-

4 missions to Arbitration Bonds, and which Submissions have been made Rules of Court, in pursuance of

4 an Act passed in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of William the Third, for determining Dif-

4 ferences by Arbitration; and likewise for not paying of Costs duly and regularly taxed and allowed by

the proper Officer, after proper Demands made for that Purpose; and also upon any Writ of Excommu-

4 nicato Capiend$> or other Process for, or grounded on, the Nonpayment of Costs or Expences in any

Cause or Proceeding in any Ecclesiastical Court, or for any Contempt to such Court/ it is hereby de-

clared and enacted, That all such Persons are and shall be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, on and sub-

jeA to the fame Terms and Conditions as are herein expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for

Debt only.

€ LXX. And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been and are now imprisoned for Debt, upon

4 Processes issuing out of Courts of Conscience / it is hereby enacted and declared. That all such Prisoners

shall be intitled to have the Benefit of this Act, and be discharged under the fame, provided he, (he, or

they, conform to the Diiections herein before prescribed, touching other Prisoners who shall be discharged

by virtue of this Act.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes wherein by this Act

an Oath is required, the solemn Affirmation of any Person, being a Quaker, shall and may be accepted

and taken in lieu thereof; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful

ahd false affirming, shall incur and suffer such and the fame Penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this

AA upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who

shall have taken the Benefit of any Act heretofore passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, within the

Space of ten Years last past, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this A A, nor be

deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, so as to be discharged under the fame; any Thing

herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; unless such Person shall be willing to serve, and

ftxall actually enter himself to serve on Board some one of his Majesty’s Ships of War for the Term of

fe veil Years, or shall inlist as a Soldier in (brae of his Majesty’s Land Forces for the Term of three

Years.

LX XIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Prisoner, who may have taken the Benefit of any

Insolvent AA within the Space of ten Years last past, shall under this Act apply for his Discharge, every

fcch fiifoner shall produce to the Court (to which he shall make Applicaupn for such Discharge) a

N n a Certificate

Assigneet com-

plaints again!!

fbrlnfufficjcncy.

Fraud, Mifrru-

nagement, or

other Miiboho-

viour ;

tfee Court there-

upon it to Torn-

moo the Paitkr,

and moke ftch

Order* therein

01 they dull

think At.

Where mutual

Credit hat been

given, the Ba-

lance to be dated

ond allowed.

Perfoat commit*

ted for not pop-

ing Money o-

warded under

SubmiflTumt to

Arbitration, end

for not plying

Cods, Sec,

are intitled to

the Benefit of

thit Act.

Prisonera open

Process out of

Courtt of Con-

science, to hart

the Benefit of

thit AA.

Quaker’1 Affir-

mation to be

taken in lies of

an Oath.

Persona who

have taken tho

Benefi of any

Insolvent Act

within ten

Yeart. etcludeA

from thta Aj&I

Exception.

Prisonera who

have takeo such

Benefit, and

fhtll apply for

Difchaigo nodes

