j 96 C. 5 9, 6o. Atino vicesimo G e o r o h Ilf* A, D. 17 8dv

CAP. LIX.

An Act to impower his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and to restrain the carrying

Coastwise, of Copper in Bars, or Copper in Sheets, for a,limited Time.

Preamble. 4 TXT HERE AS Copper is found by Experience to be of such material Use in the fitting of Ships

c VV and Vessels of War, that to certain Purposes the fame may be deetrled a Military Store, and the

c public Service may require temporary Restraints upon the Exportation thereof at critical Conjunctures,

HU Majesty tm- 4 left the fame should come to the Use of the Enemy; therefore, to prevent all Doubts,* be it hereby

poweieo by Pro- declared and enabled by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

clamation, &c. Lor(js Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

exporting)*0* thority of the fame, That his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may, by Proclamation or Order ini

carrying Coast- Council, when he or they shall fee Cause, and for such Time as shall be therein expressed, prohibit the

wfe, Copper in exporting, or attempting to export, out of this Kingdom, or carrying Coastwise in this Kingdom, any

Sheet#, or Bars. Sort of Copper in Sheets, or Copper in Bars, therein described, in such Manner, and under such Re-

straints, as he or they shall think nt.

All Copper ship- II. And it is hereby further enacted, That whatever Quantity or Qualities of Copper in Sheets, or

ped contrary to Copper in Bars, prohibited by Proclamation or Order* in Council to be exported, or to be carried Coast-

toCU ^h|e^ed, shall be or laden on Board any Ship or Vefiel, in any of the Port or Ports of Great Britain

orc# * In order for Exportation, or to be carried Coastwise, contrary to such Proclamation or Order, all such

Copper in Sheets, or Copper in Bars, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of

an4 the Owners hrs Majesty’s Customs 5 and the Owner or Owners of such Copper in Sheets, or Copper in Bars, as shall

to forfeit iool. be so shipped for Exportation, or in order to be carried Coastwise, shall severally and respectively forfeit

drLTwy*hiQ" an(l PaV *be ^um onc hundred Pounds for every hundred Weight of such Copper in Sheets, or Cop-

. * per in Bars, and so in Proportion for any lesser Quantity so shipped for Exportation, or in order to be

carried Coastwise.

Penilty on Per- HI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be aiding or assisting in the shipping

son« • flitting in or loading any Copper in Sheets, or Copper in Bars, for Exportation, or in order to be carried Coastwise,

AchCoP,er-tn* during the Time it shall be so prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Council, contrary to such Procla-

pper* matron or Order, every such Person shall forfeit and pay one hundred Pounds, and Treble the Value of

such Copper in Sheets, or Copper in Bars.

*nd on Matter# IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Master of any Ship or Vefiel shall lady or

.of Vessel# taking take on Board, or suffer or permit to be laden or taken on Board, any Copper in Sheets, or Copper

at on oard. so gar8j for Exportation, or in order to be carried Coastwise, during the Time it shall be so pro-

hibited to be exported or carried Coastwise as aforesaid, every such Master shall forfeit the Sum of one

hundred Pounds.

Pena’tie# and *V. And it is hereby further enacted, That the one Moiety of the several Forfeitures and Penaltiet

Forfeiture* how be rein-before mentioned and provided shall be to the Use of \)\s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the

to be applied. other Moiety to the Use of such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall seize or sue for the same, by

Bill, Plaint, or Information, in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in England or Scotland respectivelys

wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed.

'Continuance of VI. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall continue in Force until the first Day of May% one

this Act.

Preamble*

Recital of

S3 Gee. III.

Cap.*!*

thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

CAP. LX.

An Act to explain and amend two Acts made in the fifteenth and sixteenth Yeats of the

. Reign of his present Majesty, with respect to the Limits of the Greenland Seas And Davis’s

Streights, and the Seas adjacent thereto; and to enlarge the Time for the Return of the

Vessels employed in the Whale Fisheries.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled. An Aflfor the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ire-

c land, and the British Dominions in Europe ; and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, andothers%

4 employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereofi at the End of the Fishing Season; in order to induce his Ma-

1 jetty's Subjects in Great Britain and Ireland, and the Islands of Guernsey, jersey, and Many to carry on the

* Whale Fishery on the Coasts of Newfoundland and the Seas adjacent, certain Bounties therein mentioned

4 are allowed annually, for a limited Time, to a certain Number of Vessels which shall be fitted out under t .e

4 Limitation? and Restrictions in the said Act mentioned, which shall take and kill one Whale at the least

4 in the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the Coasts of Labrador, Newfoundland, or in any Seas to the

4 Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether

4 Whales taken and killed in northern Latitude sixty-four Degrees and an Half, are, within the Intent and

4 Meaning of the said Act, to be deemed to have been taken and killed in any Sea to the Southward of the

4 said Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights ; and to obviate such Doubts for the future, it is necessary to

* explain particularly the Limits of those Seas, and of the Seas adjacent thereto : May it therefore please

* your, Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and wi<h the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and .Commons, in this present

Parliament

