A. D. 1778. Anno decimo offcavo Georgii III.

C. 69.

297

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Min?r?, Colliers, Salters, Nailers,

and Workmen at Furnaces, of the Age of twenty-one Years and upwards, ft all perform fix Days Work

on the Highways annually, when required, determined by themselves, or by proper Pt 1 f.?ns employed by them ; or,

in the Option of the Proprietors, Lessees or Tacklmen of such Mnes, Owl• wotks, Salt-works, Nail-

works, or Furnaces, where they are employed, shall pay two Shillings Sterling for each Person above

described ; and that the Money arising therefrom be laid out on such public Roads within the Distiidl, as

the Proprietors of such Works when carried on by themselves, or the Tarkfmen when let, shall think most

advantageous for their respective Works ; and that the Money shall he laid out under the Inflection of two

or more Trustees appointed by this Act, not having Interest in the find Works, appointed by the Distridi

in which they are situated ; and it is hereby declared, that all those who arc liable to perform Services in

Terms cf this Act, shall be obliged to perform the fame when required (Seed-time and Idarveft excepted) :

Provided nevertheless, That no Person shall be obliged to pr so m Statute-work on any Road at a greater

Distance than four meafuved Miles from his or her Place of Residence; and that it shall be lawful for the

Trustees, in their annual Distridt Meeting assembled, to free or exempt from any Part of the said Work,

or Payment of the Conversion thereof, all such Persons as shall appear to them to be in indigent Circum-

stances, or unable to perform the fame.

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Person liable in such Statute-work as

aforesaid, who shall neglect or reftife to perform the fame, or to make Payment of the conveited Prices

thereof whdti required (within ten Days after such Requisition made to them, eirher personally or at their

Dwcfling-houses, or by Advertisements at the Parish Churcl es on a Suudiiy), shall be liable in Manner

following; videlicet, Each Person failing to perform the Statute-work, or to pay the Conversion, shall be

liable in double the Sum at which his Service or Labour shall be converted ; and that the Whole of these

Conveifions in Money shall be levied in virtue of a Warrant under the Hand of any one Tuflice of the

Peace of the said County, proceeding upon the Oath of the Collector or Ovcifecr, that such Person has not

paid, or has been absent; and that such Warrants shall contain Authority for arresting the said Person’a

Effects, and for poinding and distraining the fame ; and that the Officer to whom the fame shall be di-

re&ed, shall fummaiily seize and distrain the readied Goods or Effects of the said Person, and shall, at the

End of three Days after such Distress, sell the same by public Roup or Audlion, to the highest Offerer, at

the next Town or Village to the Ground of the Lands upon which such Distress was made, for Payment

of the Sum for which such Person or Persons shall respectively be liable, and of the necessary Charges, ren-

dering the Overplus to the Owner ; and that no Suspension, Appeal, Complaint, or Action, shall (top

the Performance of the Statute Services, or Payment of the converted Prices thereof, or Duty of valued

Rent, for that Year in which they have been appropriated : Saving always nevertheless to the Parties their

Redrest, either fiom the Perftns by whom they shall have been aggrieved, or out of their several Duties,

Services, and Conversions, for the Year next after the Determination of the Cause.

XV. Provided always, That if it shall appear that the Sta:ute-work, or Conversions thereof, or any

Part of the fame, in any Distridt, have not been applied, the Trustees at their next general Meeting shall

have Power, and are hereby required to order the Conversion of the unapplied Statute-work of such de-

ficient Distridt, to be applied in any of the other Distrifls where the general Meeting {lull judge most

nereflaiy.

XVI. And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the rcrpeflive Distridt Meetings

shall annually, on or before the last Tuesday of Murchy make up an exact and regular Report, containing

an Account of the whole Money received and expended on the Highways and Biidges; and also of the

Number of Persons who have performed Statute-work, or paid the Composition for the fame, the Work

performed, and the Offences committed, for the preceding Year, within the D .strict undrr their Direction

respectively; and that such Report, signed by the Piefcs and Clerk of the respective Ditbidt Meetings,

shall be transmitted by the said Clerk to the Clerk of the general Mee ing, to be held at Stirling at least

eight Days before the annual general Meeting, and shall by the Clerk of the general Meeting be entered

in his Book, and laid before the Trustees at their f;id Meeting; and that in case of Failure to make out

and transmit such Report, the Prefes and Clerk of the District Meeting so failing fh*11 each be liable in a

Penalty or Fine of five Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to be levied by Distress in Mariner before men-

tioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Overseers (after having fi:ft

obtained Warrant for so doing, under the Hand of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace) shall be,

and are hereby empowered, to take out of any Lands that shall appear to them most proper and convenient

(other than Gardens, Orchards, planted Walks, Lawns, or Pleasure Grounds), Stones, Sand, Gravel,

and other Materials, for making and repairing the said Roads, doing the least Damage portable, and making

Satisfaction to the Owner or Occupier of the Ground, the Amount of such Satisfaction to be ascertained

as herein-after directed.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person fh nil leave Carts or other Car-

riages, or shall lay, or cause to be hid, any Timber, Stone, Lime, Dung;, Comport, Soil, or Matter

whatsoever, on or within five Yards of the Side of the said Roads, unless within a sufficient Fence between

and the Roads (except Materials for building Houses and inclosing Grounds) ; and that any Person or

Persons so offending shall forfeit the Materials or other Matter so laid down, and also the Sum of twenty

Shillings Sterling, to be recovered and levied in the same Manner as the converted Price of Labour, onc-

half thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half thereof to be applied for making and repairing

the Roads within the District; and in case it shall not appear who laid down the said Timber, Stone,

Lime, Dung, Comport, Soil, or other Matter above-mentioned, that the Porte (Tors or Occupiers of the

Grounds on which the fame shall be laid down* or the Pgffeflors and Occupiers of the Lands immediately

adjacent

Miner*, Col-

lierf, Salter«r

Sec. to perform

fix Day* Workr

or pay *• Stef*,

ling.

No Person to

perform Statute-.

w*rk more than

four Mile* from

his Residence.

Penalty on Per-

son* liable,

negletting ta

perform the

Work or pay this

Conversion.

How the Money

levied and un-

applied is to be

disposed of.

The fer-ral

D»fir £ts to make

up their Ac-

ciurns annually*

Overseers em-

power* i to take*

Material out uf:

the nearelk

Grounds, &cw

Penalty on Per—

fons leaving

Obstructions o»

the Roads.

