40

C. 15.

Anno decimo feptimo Georgii IN. A. D. 1777.

cept to be issued, upon Execution awarded against the Body, or Goods and Chattels* of any Person or Per-

fons, the Clerk of the said Court shall indorfo, or cause to be indorsed, the Sum or Sums, and Costs, so or-

lnwbatC>fe« dered, decreed, or adjudged, and the Costs of the said Execution j and if the Party against: whom such Ex-

Execution flull % ecution shall be awarded respeSively, shall, before any real Sale of the Goods or Chattels, or before he,

be iupcifcded. (he, Qr they are apprehended, or before the hxpiranon of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment,

pay, or cause to be paid, or tendered, unto the Clerk of the fai<J Court, such Sum or Sums, and Costs,

together with One Shilling and Eightpence as a Reward for his Trouble, in receiving and paying over the

* said Debt and Costs, and entering Acknowledgement and Satisfaction in full for the fame, and alto the Sum

of Five Shillings for Gaol Fees (in case such Person or Persons shall have been committed to Prison), then,

and in such Calc, the Execution shall be superfeded, and the Body, or Goods and Chattels, of the said

Party shall be discharged and set at Liberty : And if, upon the Day of Return of any Summons, or at any

* Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, or appearing

shall not make due Proof of his, her, or their Demand, to the Satisfaction of the Court, but become non-

suited, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award to the Defen-

dant or Defendants reason tblc Costs, and to order and oblige the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame by

4 such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Debts.

Vif. Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to imr

power the said Commissioners to issue any Process against the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons,

where the Party intitleJ to the Benefit of any such Order, Judgement, or Decree, as aforesaid, (pall have

• obtained any Warrant or Process as aforesaid, against: the Body or Bodies of the same Person or Persons,

unlofs such Person or Persons shall escape out of Custody, or shall abscond or depart out of the said Pa-

tches, Lordship, or Liberty, to avoid being apprehended and taken by virtue of such last-mentioned War-

rant or Process.

VIII. Provided also, That no Costs to be given, awarded, or allowed by the said Commissioners, shall,

in any Cafe whatsoever, exceed the Sum of ten Shillings.

IX. And be it further enacted. That if the Beadle of the said Court, or his Deputy, who shall be em-

ployed to serve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful or notorious Neglcel or Connivance, cause or

# suffer the Party, against whom Execution shall be awarded, to escape, or the Goods or Chattels of such

Party to be carried away or secreted, so that the Execution shall not have its due EffeS, it shall be lawful

for she said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Complaint and P.roof thereof made, upon

the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Beadle, or his Deputy, to

pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Execution was awarded, in some reasonable Time to be

set and appointed by the said Commissioners; and in case the said Beadle, or his Deputy, shall refuse or

negleS to pay the fame at the Time set and appointed for that Purpose, then, on Complaint of the Plain-

tiff in such Execution to the Commissioners at their next Court, they shall order the Clerk of the said Court

to pay the fame, and he is hereby made liable and subjeS thereto ; and on Demand made thereof, and on

his Refusal so to do, the fame may be recovered against him by such Ways and Means as are herein pro-

vided for the Recovery of Debts. v

X. And be it further enacted. That such Commissioners, who shall be thcaSing Commissioners accord-

ing to the Rotation aforesaid, not being less in Number than twenty, shall have rower and Authority, by

virtue of this AS, from Time to Time, and so often as they shall fee Occasion, at any Court or Courts,

to make such Rules or Orders for the better regulating the PraSice of the said Court, as to them shall seem

necessary and conducive to the Purposes of this Act, so as they be conformable to Law, and do not tend to

lessen, abridge, or alter the Fees herein-after allowed by this Act to be taken by the Clerk or Beadle of the

fa:d Court for the Time being, or to the Exercise of any Jurisdiction inconsistent with the true Intent and

Meaning of this AS, and do relate to the Process, Practice, and Method of Proceeding of and in the said

Court only; according to which Rules and Orders, so from Time to Time to be made, the said Commis-

(ioners, or any three or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this AS, to pro-

ceed upon, and to hear and determine all Matters of Debt not amounting to the said Sum of forty Shillings

which shall be brought before them by virtue of this AS, and to make and pronounce such Judgements

and Decrees concerning the fame, as to them shall seem agreeable to Equity and good Conscience : And

that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, in Court assembled, and

they are hereby impowered, to administer an Oath to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants,

and to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by each Party ; and also to all or any of the Officers

of the said Courts, and to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, whose Evidence shall to the said Com-

missioners, or any three or more of them, appear necessary for the better Discovery of the Truth, and

more solemn Determination of Matters and causes which shall be depending in the said Court.

XI. And be it further enaSed, That no ASion or Suit for any Debt brought or commenced in the said

*ny other Court Court of Requests, nor any Order, Decree, or other Proceedings of the said Commissioners in the said

yo r our Court, shall be removeable out of the fame by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Proceeding whatsoever,

into any of his Majesty’s Courts at Westminster^ or into any other Court whatsoever, against any Person or

Persons residing or inhabiting within the Limits of the several and respeSive Parishes, or Lordlbip or Li-

berty ; and that if any such ASion or Suit shall be so removed and prosecuted, the Defendant therein shall

and may plead the General Issue; and in case the Debt sued for, or to be recovered in such ASion or Suit*

doth not amount to the Sum of forty Shillings, and the Defendant shall prove by sufficient Testimony that

such ASion was removed out of, or was first brought in the said Court of Requests 5 then, and in every

such Cafe, the Plaintiff in every such ASion or Suit shall not recover, but Judgement shall be given for the

Defendant or Defendants, and the Judge or Judges before whom the said Cause shall be tried shall award

that the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such ASion or Suit shall pay to the Defendant or Defendants Treble Costs.

FlaintifTbe-

corning non-

suited, ihe

Defend'nt to

have Cuds.

No Proref* to

iflfeie twite for

one Debt;

fjrcrpt, Sec,

Proviso. ,

Beadle fostering

the Parly to

-€ cape, &c. to

pay the Debt j

or elf-? the Clerk

toLeanfwcrabie.

'Coromifliooe*

nay regulate

their own Pro-

ceedings, Sec*

and adounifler

Oaths.

If any Action

he removed into

Defendant may

plead the Ge-

neral I Hue, and

recover Treble

Costs.

‘ XII. And

