A. D. 1777.

Anno decimo feptimo GtfORGii JIT.

29; 97

' CAP. XXIX.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the manufacturing of Ash, Elder, Sloe, and

other Leaves, in Imitation of Tea, and to preyeiU Frauds in the Revenue of Excise! iiij

respect to Tea. '

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second (intituled. An Act to prevent Frauds in the Revenue of Excise with refbeft

4 to Starchy Coffeey Teay and Chocolate)% it is enacted. That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of Sep-

4 t ember y one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, if any Person or Persons who should be a Dealer in

* or Seller of Te3, should dye, fabricate, or manufacture any Sloe Leaves, Liquorish Leaves, or the

4 Leaves of Tea that had been used, or the Leaves of any other Tree, Shrub, or Plant, in Imitation of

* Tea, or should mix, colour, (lain, or dye, such Leaves or Tea, with Terra Japonica, Sugar, Molasses,

4 Clay, Logwood, or with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever; or should fell and vend, utter,

4 or offeror expose to Sale, or should have in his, her, or their Custody, any such dyed, fabricated, or

4 manufactured Leaves, in Imitation of Tea, or any such coloured, stained, or dyed Leaves, or Tea

4 mixed with any of the Materials before mentioned, or with any other Ingredients whatsoever, such Per-

4 son or Persons should respectively, for every Pound of such Leaves so dyed, fabricated, or manufactured

4 in Imitation of Tea, and for every Pound of such mixed, coloured, stained, or dyed Leaves or Tea,

' forfeit and pay the Suit* of ten Pounds; And whereas great Quantities of Sloe Leaves, and Leaves of

4 Ash, Elder, and other Trees, Shrubs, and Plants, are dyed, fabricated, and manufactured in Imitation

4 of Tea, by divers Pei foils who sell the same so dyed, fabricated, and manufactured, to other Persons

4 being Dealers in Tea, Smugglers, and others, by whom the said manufactured Leaves are mixed with

4 Tea, and k id and vended as true and real Tea; bur, by reason that the Persons so dying, fabricating,

4 and manufacturing the said Leaves, are not Dealers in, or Sellers of Tea, they are not punishable for

4 the fa 1 d Offences by the Laws now in being, whereby such evil Practices are increased to a very great

4 Degree, so the Injury and DeftruCtion of great Quantities of Timber, Woods, and Underwoods, the

4 Prejudice of the Health of his Majesty’s Subjects, the Diminution of the Revenue, the Ruin of the fair

4 Trader, and to the Encouragement of Idlenels; for Remedy whereof, and for the more effectual Pre-

4 vention of such Frauds and Abuses for the future,’ be it enacted; and it is hereby enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majdiy, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after

the full Day of Junty one thousand seven hundred and fev enty-seven, if any Person or Persons whatsoever,

whether he, she, or they, be a Dealer or Dealers in, or a Seller or Sellers of Tea, or not, shall dye, fa-

bricate, or manufacture, any Sloe Leaves, Liquorish Leaves, or the Leaves of Tea that have been used,

or the Leaves of any Aih, Elder, or other Tree, Shrub, or Plant, in Imitation of Tea, or shall mix,

colour, (tain, or dye, any such Leaves with Terra Japonica, Copperas, Sugar, MolalLs, Clay, Log-

wood, or with any other Ingredients or Materials-whatsoever, or shall fell or vend, utter, or offer or ex-

po:e to Sale, or dull have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any such dyed, fabricated, or ma-

nufactured Leaves in Imitation of Tea, or any such coloured, stained, or dyed Leaves, or any Leaves*that

should be dying, fabricating, or manufacturing in Imitation of Tea, and shall be thereof convicted upon

the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty’s Justices

of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Division, DistriCt, or Place, wherein such Offence shall have

been committed; such Person or Persons shall respectively, for every Pound of such Leaves so dyed, fa-

bricated, or manufactured in Imitation of Tea, or 'dying, fabricating, or manufacturing in Imitation of

Tea, and for every Pound of such mixed, stained, or dyed Leaves of Tea, forfeit and pay the Sum of five

Pounds-; and upon Nonpayment thereof, such Justice or Justices shall commit the Offender or Offenders

to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain with-

out Pail or Mninprize f r any Time not exceeding twelve Months, nor less than six Months, or until the

Penalty and Charges shall be paid.

II. And it is further enacted by tire Authority ‘aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day oVJuncy

one thousand ftven hundred and seventy-seven, if any Person or Persons shall have in his, her, or their

Custody or Possession, any Quantity (exceeding six Pounds Weight) of Sloe Leaves, or the Leaves of

Ash, Elder, or any other 'Pice, Shrub, or Plant, green or manufactured, and shall not prove, to the

Satisfaction of the Justice or Justices before whom the Matter shall be heard, that such Leaves were

gathered with the Consent of the Owners of the 'Trees, Shrubs, or Plants, from which the said Leaves

were taken, and that such Leaves were gathered for some other Use or Uses, and not for the Purpose of

fabricating and manufacturing the fame in imitation of Tea, and shall be thereof convicted, by the Oath

of one or more credible Witness nr WitnessVs, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for

the County, City, Riding, Division, DistriCt, or Place, where such Leaves shall be so found, such Pe son

or Persons shall respectively, for every Pound of such green or manufactured Leaves so found in his, her,

cr their Custody or Poflvfiion, as a for < said, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; and upon Nonpay-

ment thereof, Inch justice or Justices fnali commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the County or

Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time

not exceeding twelve Months, nor less than six Months, or until the Penalty and Charges shall be paid.

III. And be it further emCied by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer or Officers of his Ma-

jesty’s Revenue of Excise, or other Person or Pei fons, shall have Cause to suspect that any such Leaves

-dyed, fab.icated, or manufactured, or Leaves dying, fabricating, or manufacturing, in Imitation of Tea,

or Leaves intended so to be dyed, fabricated, or manufactured* shall be hid, concealed, or lodged, in any

Vol.XUI. Part i. ' O ^ Place

Preamble.

Act 4 Geo. II.

recited.

Any Person who,

after June r,

1777, shall dye

or manufjfture,

in Im.ti'ir-n of

Tea, any Leave*

Of Tea that have

been uM, cr

any Sice, Li-

qncriOj, or El-

der L-a^c«, &C.

or Gull (ell, or

ofl\r to fell ihe

fame. Sec. shall,

on Conviction,

forfeit 5I. for

every Pound of

such Leaves To

uyed, Sec,

Penalty on Per-

fons having

more th.n fix

Pounds of any'

such Leave* in

their PofiVIGon*

Except, &c.

If any Officer of

Ex tile, Sec. shall

m*ke Oarh be-

fore a Ju'tice

that he .u pcft»

pigitized

