G. 16,

Anhd decfaio nono Georgii III,

A.D. 1779

The SCHEDULE (dating the Forms) to which the Act refers.

I. Form of a Warrant to a High Cin ft able,

To High Constable of

to wit WE> wh°fe Names and Seals are hereuntb set,

* y of the Commissioners appointed (among others) to put in

4 Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in thfe nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

4 King George the'Third, intituled, [itfert the Title of the Aft\ do, tty virtue ahd in pursuance of the said

4 Act, hereby strictly enjoin and require you, upon Receipt hereof, to issue your Precept to the

4 Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Petty Constables, Headboroughs, Tithingmen, and other

c Parish and Town Officer's, within the several Pantiles, Townfships, ConstableWieks, and other. Placer*

4 within the District 6r Division of [ ] aforesaid, and every of them, requiring them

4 diligently to make or cause to be made a general Seafch withih their respective Pa riflies, Town ships, Con-

4 stablewicks, or other Places, for all such able-bodied idle and disorderly Persons, as do notexercise and in-

4 duftriously follow some lawful Trade or Employment, or have Tome Substance sufficient for their Support

4 and Maintenance, or who shaft appear to them to be able-bodied idle and disorderly, and not toexercise

4 and industriously follow some lawTul Trade or Employment, or have some Subdance sufficient for their

4 Support arid Maintenance; and all able-bodied Per foils who shall have been convicted, before any Tuftice

4 or Justices of the Peace, of illegally landing, Running, unshipping^concealing, or carrying, prohibited

4 Goods, Wares, dr Merchandises, or any foreign Goods liable to the Payment of the Duties of Customs

4 or Excise, the fame Duties not having been paid or secured, or of aiding or assisting therein, ih any Pe-

4 nalty not exceeding Forty Pouhds; and to bring them bdfoVe us, or such other Commissioners for putting

• the said Act in ^Execution as shall fnfeet for that Purpose at in the Parish of

4 within the said District or Division, on the Day of at of the

* Clock in the every such Person as they shall firfd, or wh‘6 are Or shall appear to them to be

4 within the above Description, t6 be then and there examined and disposed of according to the said Act of

? Parliament.

4 Given under our Hands and Seals, at aforesaid, the Day 6f in the

4 Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, King of Great Britain,

4 &c. and in the Year of our Lord

II. Form of Contiiftion of Offenders against this Act*

4 7 ‘ “RE remembered, That on this Day of ih thfe Year of the

to wit. < Reign of hrsf|>referit Majesty King George tte Third, A. B. of is duly Convicted

4 before tis, and other Commissioners for ptitting in Execution an Act of Psatftartlent, made and passed iir

4 the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his prfefettt Majesty King George the Third, intituled, \insert the

4 Title of the Act] for that he, the said A. B. on the Day of 'last, did

4 wherefore we, thfe said Corh'mfflionfeftj do adjudge; that he, the said A. B.

4 do pay the Sum of as a Fine for such Offence, ih puffliance of the Powers in us veiled by*

4 the said Act of Parliament.

4 Given tinder our Hands ahd Seals, the Day and Year abbve written/

To

jll. Form of a Warrant of Distress»

. 7 4 TTOrafmuch as A. late of was, on the Day of

7 Wl * 5 « duly convicted before us, and other Commissioners for pitting in Execution an Act Of Par-

4 liament, made and passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the

4 Third, intituled, [insert the Title of the AftJ by the Oath of C. D. a credible Witness, for that he the

4 said A. B. on the .Day of . last, did by reason whereof we did adjudge

4 and have adjudged him to pay the Sum of as a Fine for such Offence, in pursuance of the

4 Powers in us veiled by the said Act of Parliament: And whereas it appears to us, thit the said Sum of

4 is not yet paid, we therefore a^uthorife and require you forthwith to make Distress of

4 the Goods of him the said A• 5. and if, within the Space of five Days next after such Distress by you

4 taken, the said Sum of shall not be paid, that you do cause the said Goods by

4 you seized to be appraised and fold, tendering the Overplus to him the said A. B. after deducting the said

4 Sum of and also the Coils and Charges of such Distress and Sale, and to pay the said

4 Fine to the Informer. Hereof fail not.

4 Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day of

IV. Form of Commitment by a Justice for Exmtfimion before the Commissioners.

To

. •. 7 4 DEceive into your Custody the Body of A. B. herewith sent you, having been impressed by

f 4 C. D. by virtue of a Warrant to him directed by E. F, G. H. and I. K three of the Com-

4 missioners for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament pafcd in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of

* his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [insertthe Title of the AftJ to serve his Majesty as

x 4 a Soldier

