A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

C. 66. 453

titles or Parcels of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, as {hall be brought to them for that Purpose, the Person

so bringing the fame paying to the Receiver-general of the Stamp-duties for the Time being, or his De-

puty or Clerk, the feveraf Duties payable for the fame by virtue of this Act.

Vl. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the fame Allowance shall be made on Usual Allowance

firefent Payment of the several Duties granted by this Act, in such Manner as by any former Law re- 10 b* m*dc for.

ating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, is directed and allowed. prc ftl a,mcn

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Stamps, as the said Commis- Stamps may be

sioners are hereby directed and authorised to provide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed in altcrc4 3£d rc*

such Manner as any other Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are, by any former Law relating to newe c#

stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, directed to be altered and renewed; and that all Persons, who

shall have in their Custody or Possession any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, marked with the Stamp or

Mark which shall be so altered or renewed, or on which, being already stamped with a Stamp denoting

any former Duty, a new Stamp is hereby directed to be impressed, {hall have the like Remedy and Al-

lowance as by any former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment* or Paper, is in like Cafes

directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or

forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used

by this or any other Act of Parliament, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this or any other Act

of *P«rliament granted, or {hall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the fame, with an Intent to de-

fraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; or {hall privately or fraudulently

use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any other Act of Parliament re-

lating to the Stamp-duties, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, nis Heirs and Successors, of any of the

said Duties; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon,

and shall fuller Death as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles,

Olaufes, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things, prescribed or ap-

pointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp-duties on Vellum, Parchment, and

Paper, shall be of full Force and Effeft with relation to the several Duties hereby imposed, and shall be

applied and put in Execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and securing, the said additional and new

Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and

Purposes, as if the fame had severally and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said act-

ditional and new Duties hereby imposed.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties herein-before granted

{hall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Time being of the Duties

on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the fe-

veral Rates and Duties, and pay the fame (the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for

the fame, being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Uses ana Purposes in this Act men-

tioned, at such Time, and in such Manner, as any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or

Paper, are directed to be paid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there {hall be provided and kept, in the

Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising

from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate

and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Ac-

count whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, to-

gether with such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this Sef-

iion of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such

other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Sef-

fion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Monty by way of Annuities, and for ejia-

blishing a Lottery.

4 XII. And whereas, by the several Laws now in Force, in order to prevent his Majesty, his Heirs or

4 Successors, from being defrauded of any of the Duties charged upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper,

4 it is enacted, That all Records, Writs, Pleadings, or other Proceedings, in Courts of Law and Equity,

and all Deeds, Instruments, and Writings whatsoever, charged with the Stamp-duties, shall be in-

4 grossed or written in such Manner as they have been usually accustomed to be written: And whereas,

4 till the last Stamp-duties were imposed, it was the general Practice to insert in one Skin of Parchment

4 twelve Chancery Sheets, containing ninety Words in each Sheet, or fifteen Common Law Sheets, con-

4 taining seventy-two Words in each Sheet, and the fame has been held a fair and reasonable Quantity to

beingrossed and written in and upon each Skin of Parchment, and that the usual Charge for drawing

and ingrossing the fame might, upon any Costs to be taxed, be fairly and equitably allowed: And whereas

4 several Persons, in Injury to his Majesty’s Revenue of Stamps, insert in one Skin of Parchment the

4 Contents of a greater Quanliry of Sheets than the Quantity of Chancery, or Common Law Sheets

4 above specified, and charge their Clients or Employers double or treble the Sum for drawing and in-

4 grossing such Skins, calling the fame double and treble Skins, and pretending that they insert twice or

4 three Times as much in Quantity as they are obliged to do; and tint, upon a Taxation, they would

4 be allowed as much as they have charged, reckoning the fame by the Number of Sheets, by which Means

the Client or Employer, instead of judging of such Charge by the Number of Skins, is liable to be im-

4 posed upon, and the Revenue of Stamps materially injured and diminished be it therefore further enacted

by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Attornies, Solicitors, or

other Persons, {hall make their several Charges, at and after the known and usual Rates, upon their Client

or Employer, by the Number of Skins they {ball so ingross or write, and not otherwise; and that if any

Vol* XIII* ParcIlJ. N n n Attorney,

If *ny Person

dull counterfeit

any Seal, Stamp,

Sec. with intent

to defraud hit

Majesty of hia

Duties,

such Person shall

futfer Death as a

Felon.

All Powers, Dis-

tribution of Pe-

nalties, &c pre-

fer! bed by former

Stamp acts, to

be applied in

eci»tion of this

Act.

Receiver-general

to keep a fepa-

rate Account

of the Duties

granted by this

Act, and to pay

the fame into the

Exchequer.

Auditor of the

Exchequer to

keep a separate

Account of all

Monies arising

therefrom.

Application

thereof.

Preamb!e;

reciting that cer-

tain Per sons have

lately inprolfed

more than the

usual Quantity

in a Skin of

Parchment, to

the Diminution

of the Stamp-

duties.

Attornies, Ac.

to cimec their

Clients by me

Numberoi Skins

they ingross, ac-

cording to the

*' usual Rates,

