324 C.io. Anno dccirao none Georgi i III. A.D. 1779*

and when

draughted into

any other Regi-

ment or Com*

pany, to be en-

tered according-

>y-

Per ions emu’oy-

ed in the Exe-

cution of tins

A&, exempted

from the Pe-

nal irs of A^i

25 Car. II.

X Go). 6c Mar,

and 13 6c 14

fGul. 111.

limitation of

Action*.

General Issue,

Treble CoHs.

Aa 24 Ceo. II.

so far as it re.

lates to Jo ft ices,

extended to Juf-

trees and Com -

sntfTwners aOing

tinjer Authority

of this Act.

No Action to be

commenced, &c,

for any Thirg

done in Exe< u-

tion of thia Act,

till Notice in

V/rning ib*ll be

given to the

Party.

Defendant may

fender Amend*

0, Injury com-

plained of,

and plead the

lame in B.r, &c.

No Action to

be brought in

Scotland on Ac-

count of execu-

ting this Act, till

Notice has been

given to the Par-

ty offending,

who may tender

Amend;, Ac.

Where the De-

fendant had pro-

bable Cause for

doing the Action

complained of,

the Plaintiff not

inti tied to Da-

mages norCofl*:

But ii^the Cause

of Action was

malicio fly com-

mitted, be shall

have Double

Cods,

His M/y Ay,

when a lufikient

XLVF. And be It farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever and as often as such Person

shall, by the Necessity of the Service, be draughted into any other Regiment or Company, the Entry shall

be made in the same Manner in the Public Bock of such Regiment or Company; and the Commanding

Officer thereof is hereby directed to add to the Certificate the Circumstance of such Person being draughted,

and at what Time, and to sign his N*me and Rank thereto.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner, Churchwarden,

Overseer, Constable, Headborough, Tithingman, or other Patish or Town Officer, who shall be employed

in the Execution of this Act, shall be liable, for or by reason of such Execution, to any of the Penalties

mentioned in an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for pre-

venting Dangers which may happen from Popish Recnfants\ or in one other Act, made in the first Year of the

Reign of King William and Queen Adary^ intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oaths of Allegiance and Su-

premacy , and appointing other Oaths; or in one other Act, made in the Parliament holden, in the thir-

teenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the

further Security of his Majesty s Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line \ and for tin ex-

tinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret

Abettors.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Plaint, Suit,

or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for what he or they shall

do in Pui fuance or Execution of this Act, the fame shall be commenced within six Months after the Offence

committed, and shall be laid or brought in the County or Place where the Fadt was committed, and not

afterwards or elsewhere; and such Person or Persons sued, in any Court whatsoever, shall and may plead

the General Issue Not Guilty, and upon any Issue joined may give this Act and the Special Matter in Evi-

dence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or for bear' further Prosecution, or suffer a

Discontinuance, or if a Verdict or Judgment upon Demurrer pass against him, the Defendant shall re-

cover Treble Costs, for which he shall have the like Remedy as in any Cafe where Costs by the Law are

given to Defendants.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Statute made in the twenty-

fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the rendering

the Jr/iices of the Peace mc.*e safe in the Execution of their Office^ and for indemnifying Constables and others

acting in Obedience to their Warrants, so far as the said Act relates to the rendering the Justices more safe in

the Execution of their Office, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to the Justice or Justices of the

Peace, and the Commissioner or Commissioners acting under the Authority, or in Execution of this Act;

and no Action or Suit shall be had or commenced, or Writ issued out, or Copy of Writs fefvcd upon any

Peace Officer or Officers, or any other Person or Persons, for any Thing done in the Execution of this

Act, until Notice in Writing shall have been given to him or them, or left at his or their usual Place of

Abode, by the Attorney for the Paity commencing such Action, or filing out or serving the Copy of the

said Wiit; which said Norice in Waiting shall contain the Name and Place of Abode of the Person who is

to brine such Action, together with the Cause of Action or Complaint, and the Name and Place of Abode

of the said Attorney shall be underwritten or indorsed thereon 5 and such Defendant or Defendants shall be

at Liberty, and may by virtue of this Act, at any Time within fourteen Days after such Notice, tender,

or cause to be tendered, any Sum or Sums of Monty, as Amends for the Injury complained of, to the

Party complaining, or to the said Attorney j and if the fame is not accepted of, such Defendant or De-

fendants may plead such Tender in bar of such Action or Actions, together with the General Issue, or any

other Plea, with Leave of the Court; and if, upon Issue joined upon such Tender, the Jury shall find the

Amends tendered to have been sufficient, the said Jury ill3H find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defen-

dants, who shall in such CaJe be intitled to his and their Treble Costs.

L* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought against

any Justice of the Peace, Commissioner, or other Officer, employed in the Execution of this Act, in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Person instituting such Action shall, previous to the Commence-

ment thereof, intimate by himself, or his Agent or Attorney, his said Intention, and Grounds of Com-

plaint, so as that the Justice, Commissioner, or other Officer, may have Opportunity of making due

Amends for the Injury intended to be prosecuted; and if the said Justice, Commissioner, or other Officer,

shall make it appear, to the Satisfaction of the Judge before whom the Action is brought, that such due

Amends was tendered and refused previous to the Commencement of the Action, the said Judge shall give

Decree for the Defender, who shall, in such Cafe, be intitled to Treble Costs of Suit.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where a Verdict shall

be given for the Plaintiff, in any Action to be brought against any Justice of the Peace or Commissioner,

or any Peace Officer or other Person, for seizing, taking, imprisoning, or detaining, such Plaintiff in

Execution of this Act, under Colour of any Authority or Authorities hereby given, and it shall appear to

the Judge or Court, before whom the fame shall be tried, that there was a probable Cause for doing the

the Act complained of in such Action, and the said Judge or Court shall certify on the Record that there

was probable Cause, as aforesaid; then, and in such Cafe, the Plaintiff shall not be intitled to above

Two-pence Damages, nor to any Costs of Suit.

LII Provided always, That where a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff in any such Action as

aforesaid, and the Judge or Court, before whom the Cause shall be tried, shall certify on the Record, that

the Injury for which such Action was brought was wilfully and maliciously committed, the Plaintiff shall

be intitled to Double Costs of Suit.

LIIL And be it further enacted, That when his Majesty shall be satisfied, by the said Returns of the

Commissioners or otherwise, that a sufficient Number of Recruits in the whole shall be raised for his

present

