5*4-

Penalty on Clerk

of the Peace, or

his Deputy, ma-

king Default,

AAien to he

brought within

two Monthiffcc.

Final Judgment

■upon any Verdict

against a Clerk

of the Peace,

shall be deemed

fofficaent-Con-

viction.

Penalties howto

be recorded.

FrofecuthxM to

be commenced

within it

Months,

Form Afle&

gKOtf

Preamble.

So much of any

A At, as prohibit

the exporting

Cold or Siltcr

Coin to Ireland,

repealed.

C. 18, Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A. T>. 1780.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall neglect or re-

fuse to permit such Duplicates, or any of them, or any Part of them, or any of them, to be inspected by

any Person or Persons who shall requeit the fame as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver any Copy

or Copies of the fame, or any Part thereof, within the Time before mentioned, or shall neglect to attend

as aforesaid at the Place where the Records of such County, Riding, or Division, are usually kept, or at

any County Eleflion, with such Duplicates, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act; every such Clerk

of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds to the

Party aggrieved, provided such Act ion is brought within two Months after the Offence shall have been com-

mitted ; and if no such Action shall be brought within the said Time, then to any Person who shall sue for

the fame in the Manner herein-after mentioned ; and shall also forfeit his Office of Clerk of the Peace, or

Deputy, the fame to be absolutely void on such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, being convicted of such

Offence; and such Clerk of the Peace, or Deputy Clerk of the Peace, shall be rendered incapable of being

again appointed a Clerk of the Peace, or Deputy Clerk of the Peace, or of acting as such, in or for any

County, Riding, or Divifibn whatsoever. ,

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That final Judgment upon any Verdict to

be obtained against such Clerk of the Peace, or Deputy Clerk of the Peace, for the Recovery of such For-

feiture, shall be deemed and taken to be a sufficient Conviction of such Offence, without any other Pro-

secution or Conviction whatsoever; and immediately after such Judgment, the said Office of Clerk of the

Peace, or Deputy Clerk of the Peace, shall be absolutely void, to all Intents and Purposes whatfo-

ever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Forfeitures or Penalties laid or

imposed against such Clerk of the Peace, or Deputy Clerk of the Peace, by this Act, shall and may be re-

covered, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Efioin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Im-

parlance, shall be allowed.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared. That no Person shall be liable to any

Forfeiture or Penalty by this Act laid or imposed, unless Prosecution be commenced within twelve Calen-

dar Months next after such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred.

FORM of ASSESSMENT.

County of to wit:}* AN AlTeilment made in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the

For the Par'tjh of Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for granting an Aid to his

in tbt said County. j1 Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

* Year one thousand seven hundred and

Names of Proprietors.

A.B. ----- -----

A.B. ----- -----

£. F.‘ —

C.D.

LK.

and

L.M.

P-&

Signed this

Names of Occupiers.

2K*—

c. D. --- -----

G.H. ----- -----

N.O. ----- -----

Day of 17 by us

CAP. XVIIL

Sums assessed.

aE:\

An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of Henry

■the Seventh, or of any other Acts which prohibit the exporting, carrying, or conveying.

Coin out of this Realm into Ireland % and so much of certain Acts, made in Great ,

which prohibit the Importation of Foreign Hops into Ireland, and which take off the

Drawback upon Hops exported from Great Britain to Ireland; and to allow the Import-

ation into, and Exportation from, Ireland,of such Goods as may be imported into,

or exported from. Great Britain, by the Merchants of England trading to the Levant

Seas.

* TT 7 HERE AS it is expedient to repeal the several Ad* of Parliament herein-after mentioned,

* VV so far as the same retrain the Trade and Commerce of ,’ may it therefore please

your Majesty that it (may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the passing of this

Ad, so much of an Act of Parliament, [made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Henry the

Seventh (intituled. Coin), and so much of any other Act or Acts of Parliament, nude in Great ,

5 which

