S8

On whatTermi

Copyhold In-

croachments

may be cnfrail-

chi fed j

or the Fee-

limple of other

Incroachmenti

may be pur-

chased.

R^c *iptf to be

jiiv«*n for Pur-

chase Monies.

The Form

theiecf.

refer vcd

till Fencej

UluJtf,

C. 17. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

croachment 5 or where no such Rent is now payable, to pay by quarterly Payments such reasonable Rent

as shall be set thereon by such Churchwardens, together with the major Part of the Inhabitants in Vestry

assembled, and shall also agree to enter into Covenant for keeping the Buildings and Fences of the Premises

in good Renair, and so to leave the fame at the End and Expiration of the said Term; that then, and in

every such Cafe, the said Churchwardens shall, and are hereby authorised and directed to make and exe-

cute, unto and at the Coils of every such Person, a Lease of the respective incroachment so by him or her

held or occupied, fora Term of twenty-one Years, commencing on the Day of the Date thereof, with

proper Covenants on the Part of the Lessees to the Purport and Effect aforesaid $ and that every such Lease

shall be valid and effectual.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case all or any of the Person9, who now hold any

Houses, Lands, or Incroachments, on the said Enfield and Edmonton Allotments, or either of them, by

Copy of Court-roll of the Manor of Enfield (being a Partthioner or Pariftiioners of the said Parishes of En-

field or Edmonton, or being the Owner or Owners of any Freehold Estate within either of the said Parishes),

shall be desirous of procuring such Houses, Lands, or Incroachments respectively to be enfranchised (such

Persons first paying and discharging the Rents and Arrears of Rents now payable by them to the King’s

Majesty, in respect of such Houses, Lands, or Incroachments, up to Lady-day, one thousand seven hun-

dred and seventy-seven) it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person and persons, on or before the first

Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, to pay into the Hands of the Churchwar-

dens of the respective Parish, within which his, her, or their Houses, Lands, or Incroachments, are re-

spectively situate, after the Rate of fifty Years Purchase, or Amount of the gross annual Rent or Rents now

payable to the Crown for the fame; which Sum or Sums shall be accepted as the Price or Prices of the ab-

iolute Enfranchisementof such Houses, Lands, and Incroachments, for or inrespectof which such Sum or

Sums shall have been so paid; and such Houses, Lands, and Incroachments, shall from thenceforth be

deemed of Freehold Tenure, and shall be discharged of all Fines, Rents, and other Payments to the

Crown (Suit and Service to the Manor Courts of Enfield only excepted).

LV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Persons who now hold and

occupy any Incroachments on the said Enfield and Edmonton Allotments, or either of them, under any Lease

or Leases thereof granted, under the Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster, or as Tenant or Tenants at Will, or

by the Year, to the King’s Majesty at annual or other Rent or Rents (such Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or

Tenants, being a Parishioner or Parishioners of the said Parishes of Enfield and Edmonton, or either of them,

or being the Owner or Owners of any Freehold or Copyhold Estate or Estates within either of the said Pa-

rishes), shall be respectively desirous of converting their said respective Incroachments into Fee-simple

Estates (and first paying and discharging all Rents and Arrears of Rents, due to the King’s Majesty, in

respect of such Incroachments, up to Lady-day> one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven), it (nail

and may be lawful to and for such Lessees and Tenants respectively, or any of them, on or before the first

Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, to pay into the Hands of the Church-

wardens of the respective Parish within which his, her, or their Incroachments are respectively situate,

after the Rate of thirty Years Purchase, or Amount of the gross annual Rent or Rents now payable to the

Crown for the fame; which Sums shall be respectively accepted as the Price or Prices of the Fee-simple

and Inheritance of the said respective Incroachments for which the fame shall be so paid; and such In-

croachments shall, from and immediately after the Payment of such Purchase-money, be vested in Fee-

simple in the said several and respective Purchasers thereof, free from all Rents now payable for the fame.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That, upon Payment of every such Sum or Sums of Money as afore-

said, whether it be for the Enfranchisement of Houses, Lands, or Incroachments, held by Copy of Court-

roll as aforesaid, or for the Purchase of the Fee-simple and Inheritance of Incroachments held by Lease or

at Will, or by the Year, as aforesaid, the said Churchwardens are hereby authorized and required to give

unto every uich Person making such Payment as aforesaid a Receipt or Acquittance under their Hands in

the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say)

REceived the Day of of v/. B. the Sum of

being Years Purchase or Amount of the Rent of

4 per Annum, payable to the Parish of for a certain incroachment (or certain Incroach-

4 ments) on Enfield Chafe, held by him [or her) as Tenant thereof, by Copy of Court-roll [or by Lease, or

4 at Will) in pursuance of an Act of Parliament of the seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the

4 Third, for dividing the Chafe of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes therein men-

4 tioned; and which incroachment (or Incroachments) is (or are) marked on a certain Survey or Plan of

the said Chafe, in the said Act mentioned, with the Number or Figure (or Numbers or Figures)

and confifteth (arconfift) of Acres, Roods, and

4 Perches of Land (as the Cafe may be).

Witness our Hands.

Which Receiptor Acquittance, signed as aforesaid, with or without Stamps, and being registered in the

Register’s Office for the County of Middlesex, in the ordinary Course of registering Deeds in the said Office,

(h:ii) be a sufficient Discharge to every such Purchaser j and the said Register is hereby required to register

such Receipts and Acquittances accordingly.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That until the Fences of the several Allotments hereby assigned in lieu

of Rights of Common, and other Rights upon the said Chafe, directed to be made at his Majesty’s Ex-

pence, shall have been made and completed, all Rights of Common upon the said Chafe shall remain un-

affected, and be enjoyed by the Persons in titled thereto, in as full and ample Manner as if this Act had

nut been made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVIII. Provided

