A.D. 1779.

Anno decirao nono Georgii III.

C. 45*

409

For AJJurancci for the Enfranchisement of Copyhold or Customary Tenements

The uhole

Charge, when

the Deftrip-

tions of the

Parcels do not

The further

Charge for every

thirty Words in

Excefi, where the

Descriptiom of

the I’atcels ne-

To the Register, for drawing and entering the Order for every Contrail

To the Auditor, for the Particular and Certificate -

To the Clerk of the Council, for drawing, ingrossing, and inrolling the Assurance

For Parchment 1 s. (or its real Cost, if exceeding 1 s. besides the Stamp-duty,

if any required) - -

To the Sealer, for the Seal and Wax -

For Enfranchlfc-

ment.

Total for every Assurance, where the Descriptions of the Parcels do not exceed

sixty Words - -

Words. cefl'jrily exceed

/. sixty Words.

S. d. /. S. d.

O 5 O O I 0

O 5 O O X 0

O 10 O 0 1 0

O 1 O O 0 0

O 4 O O 0 0

I 5 O

Total for every thirty Words in Excess, where the Descriptions of the Parcels exceed sixty

Words -

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to arise by Sale of the said Rents, or by the En-

franchisement and discharging of any Copyhold or Customary Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-

taments, under and by virtue of this Act, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver-general of the

Revenues of the Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, and his Successors; and that the Purchasers shall

not be liable to fee to the Application thereof, but that the Receipts and Acquittances of the said Receiver-,

general for the said Monies, shall be a full Discharge to the Purchasers for the fame 5 and the said Monies

shall from Time to Time, as the fame shall be paid in and received, be laid out, by the Order of the said

Chancellor and Council, in the Purchase of three ter Centum Bank Consolidated Annuities, or in any of,

the public Funds, transferable at the Bank of England, in the Name of the Duchy of Lancaster; in which

Name the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorised and required to permit.

Transfers to be made of the said Annuities, Funds, or Stock, so purchased, and such Transfers to be ac-

cepted by the Receive?-general of the Revenues of the said Duchy for the Time being, who is hereby re-

quired to accept the fame accordingly; and that all and every the Annuities, Fund, or Stock, to be so pur-

chafed and accepted, shall remain invested in the Name of the Duchy of Lancaster, and shall not be trans-

ferred, or transferable, without the Authority of Parliament; but all the Interest of the foid Annuities,

Funds, and Stock, shall be from Time to Time paid, by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of

England, unto the Receiver-general of the said Duchy for the Time being, and his Successors (whose

Receipts shall be a sufficient Discharge for the fame), as Parcel of the Revenues of the said Duchy, and

shall be charged upon, and be answered and accounted for by him to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, accordingly, subject to all such Charges, Incumbrances, and Outgoings, if any such there be

(Taxes only excepted), as the said Rents now are, or would have been chargeable with or subject unto in

case this Act had not been made.

4 XIV. And whereas divers Lands and Tenements, Parcel of the said Duchy of Lanca/leryzrt held by

4 sundry Persons, by virtue of Grants from the Crown under the Seal of the said Duchy, in Fee-farm, in

4 feme of which Grants all Timber and other Trees to arise and grow in the Lands thereby granted*, are

4 excepted and reserved to the Crown: And whereas divers other Lands, Parcel of the said Duchy, are held

4 by Leases granted under the Seal thereof for Terms of Life or Years, wherein all Timber and other Trees are

4 also excepted and reserved to the Crown: And whereas sundry Parts of the said Lands so held in Fee-farm or

4 by Lease, would, if planted for the Production of Wood and Timber, produce a greater Profit than in

4 a Course of Husbandry; and if the respective Fee-farmers and LefTces thereof were to be benefited by

4 raising and planting Trees for Timber and other Purposes thereon, they might be encouraged so to do*.

4 to the great Utility of the Public;' be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Chancellor and Council to contract with the Owners of Lands, held of the said Duchy in Fee-

farm, for the absolute Sale of all Timber Trees and other Trees growing, or hereafter to grow or arise, in

or upon such Lands respeClively, at and for such Prices or Considerations as shall be agreed upon and

mentioned in and by such Contracts respectively; and thereupon to grant, fell, and rtleafe, under the

Seal of the said Duchy, in the Name of his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, unto the said several

and respective Owners of such Fee-farm Lands, and their Heirs for ever, all and singular the said Timber

Trtcs and other Trees, which in and by such Fee-farm Grants are or were excepted and reserved to the

Crown; and that such Contracts, Grants, Sales, and Releases, shall be valid and effectual unto such re-

spective Owners of the said Fee-farm Lands, for granting, felling, and releasing, unto them and their.

Heirs for ever, all such Timber Trees and other Trees, any Law or Usage, or any Thing contained in

such Grants of Lands in Fee-farm, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Chancellor and

Council, by their Order to be made in Court of Revenue, to authorise and direct the Surveyors of the

Woods for the South and North Parts respectively of thd said Duchy for the Time being, to treat

■with, and to enter into any ContraCl or Agreement on the Part of his Majesty, his Heirs and SucceiTorg,

to and with such Leffce or Lessees,. for securing unto such Lessee or LeiTces, and his, her, and their Exc-

2 cutors,

Monies to arise

by Sale of Rents*,

or by Enfran-

chifement, to be

paid to the Re-

ceiver-general

and laid out in

the Purchase of

Stock,in the

Name oi the

Duchy of Laa«

caller*

Clause for en*

couraging the

Growth el Tim*-

ber.

Chancellor an+

Council may

authonfe tb»

SuTvcyrrs of

Wo ils to agree-

with Letters re--

1 a ting to the

