59* C. ^5*. Anno vicesimo Geor gn XII. A. D. 1780*.

compel the fevml Accountants to pass their rpspective Accounts without Delay, or from any other, and

what Cause ; and shall in like Manner report to his Majesty, and ro both Houses of Parliament, such

Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as in their Judgment shall appear fit and expedient to be established, in

order that the Duties, Taxes, and Monies, granted* raised, and appropriated, for the public Service of*

this Kingdom, may hereafter be received, issued, expended, and accounted for, in the Manner the most

expeditious, most effectual, most beneficial and advantageous to the Public.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person appointed a Comraiftioner by this Act, shall accept of

er°to hoid!lc^vil or.hold any Civil Office of Profit during Pleasure from or under his Majesty during the'Continuance of:

©ffice of Profit this Act*

during Pleasure under his Majesty.

Any three of the VII. And be it further enacted, That any three of the said Commissioners in this Act, before they enter

Comn>lflionerato Upon the Execution of the fame, shall take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or before*

the Chancellor of l^e Rafter the Rolls for the Time being (which they and either of them are hereby authorised and

the Exchequer, required to administer), the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth ; (that is to say),

Ac.

The Oath,. c J A, B. do swear, That, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially*.

4 and truly execute the several Powers and Trusts veiled in me by an Act, intituled. An Act for ap-

4 pointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take% and fate the public Accounts of the Kingdom; and t* -

4 report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountantsy which may be applied to the public Service; and what\

4 DefeCts there are in the present Mode- of receiving, collectings ijfuingy and accounting for public Moneys and

*in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated.

4 and carried on for the Benefit of the Public; according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act.*

The said three

Commissioners to

administer the

O-ith to the rest..^

Lords of the

Tresfuiy may

pay x,oooo 1. to

the Order of t}ie

Commissioners*

Application

Ifrcrrpf,

fexeevtors of

Accountants to

•ttend Commis*

sioners, and exe-

cute then Orders*

Continuance of

ibis A&»

And every other of the said Commissioners in the Act named shall likewise take the fame Oath before the

said three Commissioners, who are hereby authorised and. required to administer the fame after they (halt,

themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord Hight

Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby authorised and reauired to issue and cause to be paid all such Sums*

of Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds, to such rerfon or Persons as the said Commissioners, or.

any three or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, desire or direct, out of any Part of the

public Monies remaining in his Majesty’s Exchequer; which Sums so ifftied and paid (haJI be employed

for the Payment of Clerks, Meflcngers, and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges-

in or about the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and in such Manner, and in such Proportions, as

shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, by Writing under their Hand?

and Seals, in that Behalf ; the fame to be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall

be issued or paid, according to the Course of his Majesty’s Exchequer, without any Fees or other Charges

to be taken or demanded for the issuing and Payment of the fame on the passing of the said Accounts, other,

than such Sum as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them? shall appoint.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any such public Accountant is dead, the Executors or Admi-

nistrators of such deceased Accountant shall, when required thereto by the Commissioners, or any three or*

more of them, attend the said Commissioners, and observe and execute the Orders and Directions of th<£

said Commissioners, in like Manner as Accountants by this Act are required to do.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act, so far as relates to the Powers of taking, examining, and

dating Accounts, and administering of Oaths and issuing of Precepts, shall endure for the Space of onel:

Year from the fifth Day of July, one thousand. seven hundred and eighty, and no longer.

CAP. LV.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the

Reign of King Charles the Second, as restrains the Removal of Wool, and other Articles*,

to certain Times and Hours therein mentioned.

Preamble#

K ecitaLof an

Alt (3 and 14

e

4 T T 7 HEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of

4 VV King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act agalnjl the exporting of Sheep, JVgoI, JVcolfellss Mort-

4' lings, Shortings, Yarn made of Wool, Woolfiocksy Fullers-earths Fulling Clays and Tobacco-pipe Clays it is*

4 amongst other Things, enacted. That no racks, Sacks, Bags, or Cask, of any Wool, Wool- fcLs, Mort*

4 lings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, Wool-flocks, Fullers-earth, Fulling Clay, or Tobacco-pipe Clay,

4 shall belaid or loaded onany Horse, Cart, or other Carriage whuloever, or shall be carried or conveyed by

4 Land to or from any Place or Places within the Kingdom of Englands Town of Berwick, or Dominion

4 aforesaid, nor after the first: Day of Januarys one thousand six hundred and sixty-two, in the Kingdom of

4 Ireland, but in the Day-time, and at feasonable Hours ; that is to say, From and after the first Day of March

4 to the nine and twentieth Day of September yearly, between the Hours of Four of the Clock.in the Morn-

4 ing and Eight of the CIbck in the Evening ; and from the nine and twentieth Day of September to the

4 fir It Day of Adarch yearly, between the Hours of Seven of the Clock in the Morning and Five of the Clock

4 in the Evening, under the Penalty of the Loss and Forfeiture of all such Goods, or the Value thereof:

4 And whereas, since the making the said recited Act, several other Regulations and Rcstrictions have been

* established, by various other Acts of Parliament which are now in Force, to prevent the Exportation of.

* Wool* and the other Aiticles heieia-before.mentioned; and it has been found yery inconvenient, and

a ? U*

