A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. C. 59. 289

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That no Person actually employed and mustered in his nor thofeem-

Majesty’s Service at the Tower of London, JVoolwich Warren, the several Gun-wharfs at Portsmouth, Plored

Chatham, Sheerness, and Plymouth, or at the several Powder Mills, Powder Magazines, or other Store- Majesty%sS«r-

houses belonging to his Majesty, under the Direction of the Board of Ordnance, shall be compelled to TowerVwool-

serve personally or find a Substitute in the Militia; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary not- wich Warren,

withstanding. the Gun-whsrfs^

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person who shall have faithfully served

as a Serjeant in any one Corps of Militia for fifteen Years, and who shall be discharged from the same, J^e ftr?e4

on account of his Age 0/ Infirmities, during the Time the Corps in which he served shall be in actual fifatcen ycarl jn

Service, shall, on the Recommendation of the Commanding Officer of the said Corps, and the Lord any one Corps of

Lieutenant and two Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding, or Place, to which the said Corps be- Militia, and dif-

longs, or on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the Lord Lieutenant, by the Commanding Of- charged ™ ac-

ficer and three Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding, or Place, to which the said Corps belongs, be

entitled to Examination at the Chelsea Board, and be capable to be placed on the Pension of Five-pence tjti’ed to

per Diem, if the said Board shall judge him deserving thereof. nation at the

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person being a Serjeant on the Establish- Chelsea Board,

ment of Chelsea Hospital, at an Allowance of Twelve-pence a Day, and being appointed to serve in any *c:

Corps of Militia, shall and may receive the said Allowance of Twelve-pence a Day, together with his En^wwntof

Pay from the said Corps of Militia; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary thereof notwith*- chelsea Hospital

(landing. at is. a Day,

being appointed to serve in the Militia, shall receive the said Allowance, together with their Pay in the Militia,

XX, And bo it enacted, That any Serjeant of Militia (who shall, by the Commanding Officer of his Serjeants of Mi-

Regiment, or by the Sentence of a Court-martial, be found guilty of misbehaving himlclf as such, and Htia, who, for

to have deserved being reduced into the Ranks) shall, besides any Punishment so to be inflicted by the Mifoehaviour,

Court-martial, be obliged to serve in the Regiment to which he belongs as a private Militia Man for the JJ^Renk*

Space of one Year from the Time of his being so reduced into the Ranks, notwithstanding he may have /hall be obliged

already served three Years before his being appointed a Serjeant. - to serve a Year

therein, mtwithstanding they may have already served three Years.

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Counties where the Number of Men

^re sufficient to form four Companies, but are not sufficient to form a Regiment, it shall and may be law-

ful to and for his Majesty’s Lieutenant to appoint two Persons legally qualified to serve without Pay as

Field Officers in such Battalion, with the fame Rank as if the Number were sufficient to form a Re-

giment.

‘ XXII. And whereas the several Militia Acts do not sufficiently explain how far any Person, chosen

* by Lot to serve in the Militia, shall be compellable to Lrve, if he has removed from the Place wherein

4 his Name was inferred in the Lift before he was so chosen by Lot: And whereas many Impediments

c and Delays have arisen to the Militia Service from such Uncertainty, and from the different Opinions

4 which prevail among 'the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respecting this Question; and

4 Servants and unmarried Men have availed themselves of these Doubts, and have frequently changed

4 their Places of Abode on Purpose to avoid the Service, ,by which Means the Lots usually fall on married

4 Men, and the Burthen thereby becomes unequal ;9 be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That every Person chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia, shall be liable to such Service, notwithstanding

such Removal.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case three Deputy Lieutenants

shall not attend at any Annual or other General Meeting appointed, by virtue of the several Laws now

in Force for railing and training the Militia, for any County, Riding, or Place, that two or one Deputy

Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenant attending at such Meeting, shall and may adjourn such Meeting to

any other Time, and to any Place in such County, Riding, or Place ; and in case no Deputy Lieutenant

shall attend at the Time and Place appointed for such Meeting, that then the Clerk of the General

Meetings, or his Deputy then and there attending, shall and may adjourn such Meeting to any other

Time, and to any Place, in such County, Riding, or Place.

4 XXIV. And whereas the Families of Substitutes, hired Men, or Volunteers, serving in the Militia

4 when embodied and called out into actual Service, and ordered to march, may become chargeable to the

4 Parishes to which they belong;’ be it therefore enabled by the Au hority aforesaid, That One half of

the Allowance made to such Families shall be reimbursed to the Overseer or Overseers of the Parish,

Tithing, or Township, where the Family of any such Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, shall become

chargeable, by the Treasurrr of the County, Riding, or Place, in which such Parish, Tithing, or Town-

ship, shall lie ; and the Account of the said Overseer and Overseers, verified on Oath before a Justice of

the Peace within the County,* Riding, or Place, in which the Family of such Substitute, hired Man, or

Volunteer, shall be chargeable, and counterfigred by a Justice of the Peace for such County, Riding, or

Place, shall be a sufficient Voucher to the said Treasurer for the Payment of such Sum.

XXV. Provided always. That any Relief which shall be given to the Family of any Militia Man,

during the Time cf actual Service, shall not deprive such Militia Man from voting for the Election of any

Member to serve in Parliament.

4 XXVI. And whereas the Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrate?, and Justices of the Peace, in

4 several Counties, Cities, and Places, where the Militia have been raised, have in some instances pro-

4 ceeded tochufe by Lot, and to swear in Militia Men and Substitutes for such reipedive Counties, Cities,

4 and Places, previous to the Times at which the fame ought to have been done pursuant to the Provisions

4 contained in the Militia Law* now in being;9 be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such

Proceedings

In certain*Coun-

tics, Lord Lieu-

tenant may ap-

point two Field

Orflcers without

Pay, See,

Every Person

chosen by Lot to

serve in the Mi*

litia, shall be

liable thereto,

notwithstanding

he may have

changed ihe

Place of his

Abode.

If three Deputy

Lieutenants fl>ali

n';t attend at any

General Meet-

ing, the fame to

be adjouracdL

When the Fa-

milies of Subfli-

tutes.Ac. become

chargeable to

their Pariflirs,

Half the Ea-

pence? /hall be

rein but fed to

the Ovrtfeers by

the Troafurer of

the County, Arc,

Protifo,

Deputy Lieute-

nant 1, Sec. in-

demnified for

having sworn ill

Militia Men,

See. previous to

the Tubs* »p-

ing$ toe limes »p-

