444-

A (Tc-T-ts *o have

)■( rfl'nal Notice

ot tl»cir Ap-

pointment.

Penalty on Af-

fessori ref u fin g

cr neglecting to

execute the Of-

fice.

No Person com-

ptllable to ferre

a second Time

for 7 Yean.

Saint John’*

Parish to be con-

f dered as Part of

Saint Michael*.

Houses, See,

without the Li-

mits of tbefeve-

ral Wards, not

deemed within

th- Suburbs.

How Aftiessors

are to be paid.

How Rates to

be paid where

Occupier* re-

move, or for m-

termediatcTime.

Rate* to be made

by Assessors, and

delivered to the

Vicar and

Churchwardens.

C. 6o> Anno.decirno«nono,QEOR.Gir III. A.D. 1779.*

shall neglect or refuse to appoint such A IT: ffpr or A He (Tors in Manner a/orefaid, then the said Vicar for the

Time being shall, and is hereby auihoiifed and impowered alone to appoint two or more Persons, not

exceeding the Number of Six, being Inhabitants of the said Pari&apd liable as aforesaid in Manner and

Form as before mentioned, which said Persons so appointed in Manner aforesaid by die said Vicar for the

Time being, and the Inhabitants of the said Parish, or by the said Vicar alone, as the Cafe may be, fh.dl

and are hereby declared to be AfTeftbrs fer the Purposes of making the Rates or Assessinems, by this Act

authorised and directed to be made, and shall continue in such Office for the Term of one Year.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, immediately after the said Appoint*

ments or Appointment, a Duplicate or Copy of such Appointments or Appointment shall be delivered per*

Tonally to the several Persons appointed as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person appointed as aforesaid,

and refusing to take upon him the said Office of Assessor, or neglecting duly to execute the fame, shall, for

every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, which {hall be recovered fiom him and them

respectively in like Manner and by the Means hereafter appointed for the Recovery of the Rates and Assess-

ments hereby directed to be made, and shall be paid to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of

the said Parish of Saint Alidad, to be by them applied in Aid of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of

the said Parish.

VIII. And be it further cnaiVd by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person and Persons who {hall

duly execute the said Office of Assessor, or {hall pay the aforesaid Penalty for not executing the fame, {hall

not be compelled or compellable to execute the fame again for the Term cr Space of seven Years theij

next following.

IX. Provided always and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Parish of Saint

John Baptist within the City and Suburbs aforesaid shall, as to any Rates or Assessments to be made by

virtue of this Act, and the Appointment of Assessors to assess or make the fame, and all and every other

Matters and Things herein contained, be deemed and taken to be Part of the Parish of Saint MicbaeL

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Messuages, or other

Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Orchards, or other Hereditaments, shall be construed or taken to be within

the Suburbs of the said City as to the Purposes of this Act, the Situ ation or Situations whereof relpec-

tively is or are without and beyond the Limits of the several Wards of the said City.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and in Consideration of the extra-

ordinary Trouble that the Assessors will have in making and adjusting the first Assessment to be made under

and by virtue of this Act, the said Assessors shall have an Allowance for such first Assessment of Three-

pence for each House assessed by them respectively; and the Assessors appointed yearly afterwards in

Manner herein-before directed, shall also have an Allowance, for each and every Rate or Assessment

made by them in pursuance of this Act, of one Penny for each House so assessed by them respectively ; such

respective Allowances to be paid to the said Assessors respectively, by the Vicar of the said Parish for the

Time being, upon the Delivery of such Assessments in Manner herein-afterdirefted.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons shall

come into or occupy any House, Garden, or Building, rated or assessed,. or liable to be rated or assessed,

by virtue of this Act, out of or from which any other Person assessed shall be removed, or which at the

Time of making any Rate or Assessment in pursuance of this Act was empty or unoccupied, that then

every Person so removing from, and every Person so coming into or occupying the fame, shall be liable to

pay to such Rate in Proportion to the Time that such Person occupied the fame respectively, in the fame

Manner, and under the like Penalty of Distress as if such Person so removing had not removed, or such

Person so coming into and occupying such House, Garden, or Building, had been originally rated and

assessed in such Rate; which said Proportion, in case of Dispute, shall be finally settled and ascertained by

the Justices of the Peace for the said City in a summary Way, by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath or

Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation they are hereby impowered and required to administer), at their

then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to he held within one

Month next after such Dispute shall arise ; and the said Justices are hereby author ifed and required, upon

Application to them for that Purpose, finally so settle and ascertain the fame in Manner aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons so appointed Assessors

as aforesaid do and shall, within two Months after personal Notice of such Appointment, and such other

Persons who shall be afterwards appointed Assessors in Manner aforesaid do and shall, within one Month

after personal Notice of every such Appointment, estimate and ascertain, according to.,the best of their

Skill and Judgment, the full and just yearly Rent or Value of every such Dwelling-house, Garden, and

Building, hereby charged and chargeable as aforesaid, within those Parts of the said Parish of Saint Afichivl

which lie within the said City and Suburbs, and do and shall make a Rate or Assessment in Writing of*

one Shilling in the Pound, according to such Estimate and Valuation, upon the Occupier or Occu-

piers of every Dwelling-house, Garden, and Building, of the yearly Value of ten Poupds and upwards,

in respect thereof, and of Six-pence in the Pound, according to such Estimate or Valuation, upon the Oc-

cupier or Occupiers of every such Dwelling-house, Garden, and Building, of, the yearly Value of fix

Pounds and upwards, in respect thereof; and which said first Rate or Assessment so to be made in pur-

fuance of this Act shall be made for one whole Year, commencing at the Feast of Ea/ier, one thoufamJ

seven hundred and seventy-nine; and do and shall, within one Week after such Rates and Assessmems

shall have been made in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and in the same Manner

within one Week after the Rates and Assessments shall have been made in all succeeding Years, deliver a

Copy or Duplicate of such Rates or Assessments to be made respectively as aforesaid, fairly written and

subscribed by them, unto the said Vicar for the Time being, and another Copy or Duplicate thereof to

the

