The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other

Lands and Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled

to and upon the like Uses and Ttuft, in the said

wm.

6. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Grounds,

within the Parish of Bulwicky in the County of North*

ampton.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Failures, Common Meadows,

and other Commonable Lands, in the Liberties of Kim-

coate and Walton, in the Parishes of Kin, coate and Knap-

tofty in the County of Leicester

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste

Grounds, in the Parish of Titchmarjhy In the County of

Northampton.

9. An Act fordiviJing, allot ing, 3nd inclosing, the Open

Fields, Commons, and IVafte Grounds, in the Parish,

Lordship, and Liberty of Sapccle, in the County of

Leicester.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Com-

mon Meadows, Heuh, and other Commonable Lands

and Grounds, of and within the Manor andParishof

Great Billing, in the County of Northampton.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows and Commonable Lands, in

the Parish of Rujhden, in the County of Northampton.

12. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Downs, and Commonable Grounds, in the

Hamlet or Tithing of Bookampton, in the Parish of Chip-

ping Lambourney in the County of Berks.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields,

and Stinted Pastures, or Waste Grounds, in the Manor

. of North Daltony in the East Riding of the County of

York.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Fields 2nd Common or Waste Land, in the Lordship

of Long Whattony in the County of Leicester.

15. An Act for regularing the (locking of a certain Piece

of inclosed Pasture Ground, called Naxeing Woody or

Naxeing Parky in the Manor and Parish of Nazeingy in

1 he County of EJfexy and for keeping the Fences thereof

in Repair.

ih. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Grounds within the Manor of Clifton upon Colder,

in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or

Waste Ground, called BriJIington other wise Bufletori

Commony in the Parish of BriJIington otherwise BufetonJ

in the County of Somerset.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Com-

mons and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Lathorn

and Skelmerfdally in the Parish of Ormjkirky in the

County Palatine of LancajUr.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and

Waste Grounds, in the Parish of IJhamy in the County

of Northampton.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the Lord ship

or Parish of Castle Doningtvny in the County of Lei-

cester.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-

tures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within

the Parish of Highworthy in the Coumv of Wills.

22. An Act to enable Walter James Head Esquire, a Minor,

and his KTue, to take and use the Surname of James

. Vol.XIII. Part II.

only, and to bear the Coat Armour of the Family of

John James Esquire, deceased.

23. An Act for enabling Charles IVyndhnm Esquire (now

called Charles Edwin) and his Heirs Male, to take and

use the Surname of Edwin only.

An Act for naturalizing David Henry De Bcanne.

25. An Act for naturalizing Hans drfw id Jon.

26. An Act for natural zing Charles Frederick Loudonfack.

27. An Act for natuiaiizing Henry Wilckens.

28. An Act for natural.zing John Christian Deane and

Jacob Gottfried Hip pi us.

29. An Act for naturalizing James Cazcnove.

30. An Act for naturalizing Francis Long.

31. An Act for naturalizing Antoine Bazin.

32. An Act to enable the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury

to enfranchise and grant a small Parcel of Glebe and

Waste Land, belonging to the Manor of Lambethy in

the County of Surrey 3 and also to enable the Rector of

the Parish of Saint Mary, Lambethy or his Succeftbrs, to

build a Parsonage-houie on Part of the said Glebe and

Waste Land, and to grant Building Leases of other Parts

thereof, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act for vesting in the Right Honourable Charles

Harvard Esquire, commonly called Charles Earl of Sur-

rey and his Heirs, the settled Estates of the said Earl,

in the Counties of Cumberlandy Westmorlandy and Surrey,

subject to certain Charges affecting the fame.

34. An Act for vetting the Timber and Wood growing

upon the Estates of Henry Perryn Browne Esquire, ire

the County of York, in Trustees, to sell the same, and

apply the Money arising therefrom for making a Recom*

pence to Sir Richard Perryny his Father, for the Charges

and Expences of making Buildings and Improvements

upon the fame Estate, and for the ocher Purposes therein

mentioned.

35. An Act for annexing a Portion of the Rectory, and of

the Rectory Manor thereto belonging, of Huntfjdlly in

the County of Somerset, to the Office of Matter of Ballot

Collegey in Oxford.

36. An Act for establishing an Agreement, for discharging.

the Manor of Laughtony in the County of Leicester % and

certain LanJs and Hereditaments in the Parish of Laugh-

tony from the Payment of Tithes, or any Modus or

Rate for Tithe; and for vetting other Lands and He-

reditaments in the Rector of the said Parish, and his

Surceflors, as a Compensation for the Lid Tithes, and

in Lieu thereof.

17. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and

Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands of

Grounds, in the Tithing of Ogbourn Saint AndrctVy in

the County of Wilts.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, and Com-

mon Grounds, wkhin the Parish of Kegworthy in the

County of Leicester.

39. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Com-

mon Meadows, Heath, and other Commonable Lands-

and Grounds, of and within the Parish of HarpoUy ir»

the County of Northampton.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in the Lord-

fhipof Earl Shiltony in the County of Leicester.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and all other

Commonable Lands, in the Tithings of Frampton and

Hayley, in the Parish of SapprrXn, in the Cou ity of

Gloucester.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open andCbm>-

mon Fields,. Common Pastures,. Common Meadows*

, d &ud»

