140

C. 53, 54. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

"[And whereas a Contract has likewise been made with the said A B. by the like Direction,

Approbation, and Consent, which is hereby likewise ratified and confirmed by the said Or-

dinary, Patron, and Incumbent, for the absolute Purchase of the Inheritance of a certain

Yard, Garden, Orchard, and Piece or Parcel of Land (describing them particularlyt as the

Cafe shall be) lying near or convenient to the said Messuage, House, Tenement, and Build-

\ ings, containing, by Admeasurement, for the Price or Sum of

^ which have been agreed by the said Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent,

to

This to be

inserted

when the

Lands are

purchased

from the

same Person be raised by the Sale (or Exchange) of certain Lands or Tythes (as the Cafe shall be) be-

who fells the longing to the said ReCtory, lf?c. herein-after described, pursuant to the Powers given by the

House and said A#; viz. (here give a full Defer iption of the Lands Jo agreed to be sold) 5 (if the Equiva-

Buildings. lent is to be by Exchange, then after the Word Incumbent, last mentioned, insert [and the said

I A. 5. to be exchanged for [certain Lands or Tythes, feV. (as above.)] Now this Indenture

witnesseth, That the said A. B. for and in Consideration of the said several Sums of

and to him in Hand paid for the Purchases aforesaid, (if both the

Buildings and Lands are purchasedfor Money) 5 (but if the Equivalent for the Land is to be by Exchange, then)

tin Consideration of the said Sum of ^ ^ for the Purchase of the said Messuage,

louse, or Tenement, and Buildings, and in Consideration of the Land (or Tythes, as the Cafe shall be)

so agreed to be exchanged as aforesaid, and intended to be conveyed to him the said A. B. by the said Or-

dinary, Patron, and Incumbent, by Indenture of equal Date herewith] the Receipt of which said Sum

(or Stim3 of Money, as the Cafe fall be) [and Acknowledgment of the said ExchangeJ (if the Equivalent

for the Land is to be by Exchange) the said A. B hath admitted, by an Indorseift£nt on the Back of this

Deed, hath granted, bargained, and fold, and by these Presents doth grant, bargain, and fell (if by Ex~

change), [hath granted, bargained, fold, and exchanged, with, and] unto the said E F. and his Heirs,

all, &c. (here infer t a full Defer iption of the Buildings or Lands so intended to be conveyed, with their and

every of their Rights, Privileges, and Appurtenances) to hold to the said E. F. and his Heirs, in Trust,

for the foie Use and Benefit of the said G. H. and his Succefl'ors, Rectors, Vicars, &c. (as the Cafe shall

be) of the said Living or Benefice for the Time being, for ever: And the said A. B. for himself, his

Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, doth covenant and agree to and with the said £ F. and his Heirs,

That he hath good Right to convey the said Messuage, House, or Tenement, and Buildings, Lands,

&c. (as the Cafe shall be) and that he will warrant the fame, for the Uses and Purposes aforesaid, forever,

free from all Claims, Charges, and Incumbrances whatsoever, by, from, or under him, or any of his

Ancestors* In Witflefs, fcfc.

FOB. MV CERTIFICATE ^/RESIDENCE.

WE, A. B. ReCtor, Vicar, or officiating Minister (as the Cafe shall be) of the Parish of

in the Diocese of Clerk, and C. D. ReCtor, Vicar, or officiating Minister (as the

Cafe shall be) of the Parish of within the said Diocese, Clerk, which said Parishes of

and are near adjoining to the Parish of

within the said Diocese, do hereby certify. That E.F. Rettor, Vicar, or Incumbent (as the Cafe shall be)

of the said Parish and Parish Church of aforesaid, hath tefided upon his Living or

Benefice, within that Parish, for the Space of twenty Weeks, between the Day

of and die Day of Jaft. Given under

our Hands, this Day of

FORM ^“CONSENT where the Living or Benefice shall be in the Patronage of the Crown, or within

the Duchy of Lancaster.

VITHEREAS the Living or Benefice of within the Diocese of

€ ▼ y is in the Patronage of the Crown, and rated 'above or under (as the Cafe shall be) twenty Pounds

€ per Annum in the King’s Books, or of the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster (as the Cafe shall be);

and Application hath been made for building, (rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing, or exchanging, as

€ the Cafe shall be) the Parsonage House or other Buildings or Land (as the Cafe shall be) for the U(e of the

c said Living or Benefice, in pursuance of the Powers given for that Purpose, by an A# passed in the seven-

€ teenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act ip promote the Residence

4 of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provifon for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairings

c or purchafng Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenement s, for the Use of their Benefices; now I the

f Right Honourable First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, Lord High

Chancellor of Great Britain, [ or Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster (as the Cafe shall he), being satis-

4 fied that such building, rebuilding, repairing, purchasing, or exchanging, &c. (as the Caf e shall be) will

be an Improvement and Advantage to the said Living or Benefice, do hereby consent. That such Build-

ings, Repairs, Purchases, or Exchanges (as the Cafe shall be), shall be made, according to the Directions

and the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act. Given under my Hand, this

4 Day of

CAP. LIV.

An A# for defraying the Expence of building a new Gaol and Shire-hall for the County of Westmorland.

The Purchase of Ground for building a new Gaol and Shire-hall, fAc. confirmed. The Shire-hall to be

fimflied on or before June 1, 1778. Expences of the Buildings, Lfc. to be defrayed out of the County

atC’ CAP.

