340

Quorum of

Trustees, *nd

Meetings ap-

pointed.

M *nner in

which the Meet-

ings of the Truf-

tets are to be

called.

Former Cletk to

the Trustees

establiftied in

his Office.

Succeeding

Civics to give

Security,

Former Collec-

for establ./hed in

his Office, Sec*

Proviso.

Power to the

Colle<f)or to re-

cover Rates,

The Colleger

to execute his

Office of levying

and applying the

Produce of the

Fund as directed

by the Ttuftecs.

Proviso.

Collet or to

keep a Public

Office in Ed.n-

burgh.

C. 20. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

XLIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said

Trustees, or any nine of them, whereof fix to be Ministers of the Church of Scotland, to execute all the

Powers committed to them by this Act; and for that End they shall have four dated Meetings annually,

to be held on the third Tuesday in the Month of February, the third Tuesday in the Month of March, the

third Tuesday in the Month of May, and the fourth Tuesday in the Month of November, between the Hours

of Twelve and Two in the Afternoon, in the Hall of the House built by the said Trustees within the City of

Edinburgh, with Power to th£ said Trustees, or any nine of them, as aforesaid, to chuse one of their

Number to be Priefes, and with Power to adjourn themselves, from Time to Time, to such Times and

Places as they shall fee Cause; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Praefes of the last Meeting of

the said Trustees, or in his Absence the Moderator of the Pre(bytery of Edinburgh for the Time being, or

in his Absence the eldest Minifterof the City of Edinburgh, to call Meetings of the ordinary and (fated

Trustees as Occasion shall require, at such Times and Places as he shall judge proper, by causing a Sum-

mons to be left at their respective Dwelling-houses, twenty-four Hours at least previous to the Meeting;

and the said Praefes, Moderator of the Presbytery of Edinburgh, and eldest Minister of the said City re-

spedlively, are hereby required, upon the Request of any five or more of the Trustees, to call such Meet-

ings in like Manner; which Meetings of the ordinary and stated Trustees are hereby impowered, if they

shall fee Cause, to call a General Meeting of the whole Trustees, by giving Notice in the Edinburgh News-

papers fourteen Days at least previous to the Meeting, by an Advertisement bearing the special Purpose for

which such Meeting is called,

4 XLIV. And whereas Alexander Stevenson, one of the Depute Clerics of the Court of Session, was, on

the twenty-fifth Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, elected, and has since that

4 Time officiated as Clerk to the said Trustees, with a Salary of fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great

4 Britain, and gave Bond, with sufficient Sureties, for the faithful Discharge of his Office, under the

4 Penalty of one hundred Pounds of like Money,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said

Alexander Stevenson shall, and he hereby is appointed to exercise the said Office of Clerk to the Trustees ;

and shall, at his own Charge, provide proper Books, and shall insert therein, from Time to Time, their

Proceedings; and shall write, or cause to be written, their Orders; and shall have an Officer for adver-

tifing the Meetings of the Trustees, for which Officer he shall be allowed a Sum not exceeding five Pounds

of lawful Money of Great Britain.

XLV. And be it enatSed by the Authority aforesaid, That his Successors to be chosen in the Manner

herein-after directed, with a Salary not exceeding the like Sum of fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great

Britain, and five Pounds of like Money for his Officer, shall, upon his Election, give Bond to the Truf-

tees, with one or more sufficient Sureties, under the Penalty of one hundred Pounds, of like Money, for

the faithful Discharge of his Office, as herein-before and after enabled respecting the present Clerk.

4 XLVI. And whereas the Reverend Doctor Alexander JVebJlery one of the Ministers of the City of Edin~

4 burgh, was, upon the twenty-sixth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, elected,

and has since that Time officiated as General Collector or Receiver of the aforesaid annual and other

4 Rates and Sums payable for Support of the Fund, with a Salary of one hundred and fifty-five Pounds of

4 lawful Money of Great Britain, and gave Bond to the Trustees, with sufficient Sureties, to the Extent

4 of seven thousand Pounds of like Money, for the faithful Discharge of his Trust, and that he would

4 effectually levy and make good the annual and other Rates payable by the Ministers of the said Church,

and by the Heads, Principals, and Matters, in the Universities aforesaid ;* be it enacted by the Autho-

rity aforesaid. That the aforesaid General Collector or Receiver shall, and he is hereby appointed to exe-

cute the said Office of General Collector or Receiver of the aforesaid annual and other Rates payable by

the said Ministers, Heads, Principals, and Matters respectively, and shall effectually levy and make good

the fame.

XLVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the aforesaid General Collector or Receiver

shall not be obliged to make good the Rates that shall become due by the said Ministers, Heads, Principals,

and Masters, after they shall cease to have Right to a Benefice in the said Church, orio an Office in any

of the Universities aforesaid.

XLVIII. Provided always. That the aforesaid General Collector or Receiver shall use ultimate legal

Diligence for the Recovery of these Rates within twelve Calendar Months after they shall become due,

which he (lull report and instruct annually to the Trustees at their stated Meeting on the fourth Tuesday

in the Month of November, when his Accounts are to be cleared; but if no Alteration shall happen in

the Circumstances of such Persons against whom the said General Collector or Receiver has used ultimate

Diligence without Effe-ft, he, upon giving Evidence thereof to the Trustees, and their sustaining the fame,

shall be acquitted and discharged, notwithstanding he shall not have renewed such Diligence fur the pre-

ceding Year’s Rate.

XLIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the General Collector or Receiver

aforesaid is hereby authorised and impowered to levy the Rates payable out of or in respect of the Ann, and

also the Rates payable out of the vacant Stipends or Salaries respectively, and all the other Sums payable

for Support of the Fund in the Manner herein-before directed j and to issue the Annuities to Widows,

and the Provisions to Children; and to lend out the Surplusses upon Interest, from Time to Time, as he

shall be directed by the Trustees.

L. Provided always, That it shall not be in the Power of the said General Collector or Receiver

to lend out any Part of the Capital, or to uplift or re-employ the fame, without a particular Appoint-

ment of the said Trustees.

LI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said General Collector or Receiver shall

keep a Public Office within the City of Edinburgh, in which Attendance shall be given from the Hour of

Ten to Twelve in the Forenoon of every lawful Day for thirty Days immediately following the iffiiing of

4 the

