A.D. 1^77. Anno decimo septimo Gjsorgii III. C. 15; 4*

4 XII. And, for the more effectu ally establishing the said Court of Requests, and the better enforcing Pen ill yon Per.

the Orders and Decrees which shall be made hv the fa?d Commissioners; and that they may be vested B or

4 with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from any Infuhs or Abideshe it further en- ^nTiofcrVor"

act«d, That if any Person or Persons shall affront, intuit, or abide, all or any or either of ttie Commission- oncers in the

tr3 or Officers of the said Court during their fitting in the said Court, or in going to or returning from the Execution of

fame, or (hal interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court, or in any wise hinder, abufb, rnoleft, or oppose ^ 1

any Officer in the Execution of his Office, it ftull be lawful for the Beadle of the said Court, or his De-

puty for the Time being, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, then filing,

to take furh Person or Persons so offending before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for

the said Weft Riding of the County of York \ and upon the Fa3 alledged being proved, by the Oath ob

Oaths of one or more credible Wirnefs or Witness’es, the said Justice or Justices fh ill impose and set up oft.

such Person or Persons (o offending as aforesaid, such Fine or Fines as to such Justice or justices shall fee it

meet and reason-ible; provided the Fine on any one Person doth not exceed the Sum of foity Shillings, nor

be Iefs than five Shillings; and upon Failure of immediate Payment of the Fine or Fines which shall be so

set, the said Justice orjfuflices is and are hereby impowered and required to commit the Offender or Offend-

ers to the House of Correction, within the said Weft Riding, there to rem in for any Time not exceeding

three Calendar Months, ur.less he, (he, or^they shall sooner-pay the said Fine or Fines so imposed as afore-

fa?d; in which Cafe he, she, or they, on Payment of such Fine or Fines, are forthwith to be discharged

out of Custody, and the Fine or Fines immediately paid over to the Churchwardens or Ovei leers of the Finer to he ghea

Poor of the Pnrith wherein such Offence was committed, towards the Support and Maintenance of the *the Poor. ;

Poor of the said PariQi. -

XIII. And be it further enatfled,* That the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being shall, from Time <^ryoj[

to Time, affix, or cause to be affixed or stuck up, in the mod publick Part of the Place or Places where. pauf Up7nthe

such Court or Cmrtts shall be held, and the said Commissioners shall fit to do Business as aforesaid, a true Cou.t-h.'ufc,

printed Copy-of the last preceding Clause of this Act, to the End that no Person or Persons shall or may

plead Ignorance in the Premises.

XIV. And be it further en?£ted, That in case any Person or Persons in making Oath or Affirmation pcthirv iow ti

(being of the People called Quakers) or giving Evidence in any Cause or Matter depending in the Lid te pumshed.

Court of Rcquests, shall commit any wilful or corrupt Perjury, and shall thereof be convifteJ according to

Law, such Person or Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Per-

fons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is or are liable or shall be subject to by the Laws and Statutes

of this Re^im-. ' ’

XV. And be it farther enacted, That Isaac IViUfon of Bradfordaforesaid, shall be, and is hereby con- A.cJ^kaP*

flituted and appointed Clerk of the said Court of Requests, during his good Behaviour; and that he, and

also all other Clerks of th ? said Court of Requests hereafter to be appointed, fjiall, is and are hereby im-

povvered and required to ifiueoutand regiftei* all Summonses, Warrants, Precepts, Acts, Orders, Judge-

ments, Decrees, Executions, and Proceedings of the said Court, and shall provide and lceep proper Books,

wherein shall be entered and registered all Acts, Orders, Judgments, Decrees, and Proceedings of the

said Court; and the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being is hereby impowered, fiom Time to Time

as he fhatl think proper, to appoint a Deputy or Deputies to act for him in the Execution of this Act

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in Consideration that the said Clerk for the Time being is to be Cleric to appoint

accountable and ?nfw rdble for the Acts, Deeds, and Behaviour of the Beadle of the said Court, and his Beadle, Caul-

Depuryor Deputies, and other Officers for the Time being, the said Isaac Wilson, and every Person who cr>

shall at any Time hereafter be Clerk of the said Court for the Time being, shall and may, and is hereby

authorised and impowered, by any Writing, to nominate and anpoint a proper Person or Persons to be

Beadle and Deputy or Deputies of the said Court, and also a Gaoler or Gaolers for the Custody of Pri-

soners (during their relpcdtive good Behaviour); and the said Clerk for the Time being shall be liable, and *nd to br ac-

accountableto the said Commissioners of the said Court, and the Suitors thereof, for the A$s, Deeds, and countable for

Behaviour of the said Beadle and his Depaty or Deputies, Gaoler and Gaolers, so appointed as aforesaid, ihe;r aemuuour.

of and in the Business of the said Court.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Court, who How clerks

shall be fitting and acting in Court on the next Court Day after the Death, Resignation, or Removal of Aal1 be cfa*ftn*

the said Clerk, appointed determined by this Act, or so soon as the fame is pubb’ckly known, or the major Part of

them, to cause the whole Number of Commissioners for the 'J'ime being to be summoned to meet at some

convenient Place to be appointed for that Purpose, within fi* Days next after th< ir being summoned as

aforesaid; and such Commissioners at such Meeting, or the major Part of them then pre.ent, are autho-

rised and required to cleft another Person in the Room of the said Clerk so dying, resigning, or bein$» re-

moved as aforesaid, for the Uses and Purpose9 in this Act contained, and so to meet from Time to 'lime

upon every Vacancy of the said Office*, to make Choice of a Clerk, for ever.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of aftfng as a Qjj»hfif»iioirof

Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he be pofleffird of fifty Pounds per Annum in real Efbite, c-,rnm,n,uocr8*

or of one thousand Pounds in personal Estate; ncrr shall any Person aft as such Commissioner during such

Time as he shall keep any Vidua!ling-house, -Ale-house, or other House of publick Entertainment, nor

until he shall have taken an Oath, or made an Affirmation (being^of the People called Quakers), to the

Effect following: 4

the best of eof>missionen

1A. B. do swear [or affirm], Thdt I will faithfully, impartially, and homftly, according to __________

my Judgement, hear and determine all such Matters and causes as fh^ll be brought before me (by

virtue of an Act of Parliament, for the more cafy and fee dy Recovery of small Debts within the froeral Pa-

rijhes of H iifax, Bradford, Kighiey, Bingley, Guileley, Calverley, Batley, Birftal, Mirfield, Hartishead

Vol/XIII. Part I. G 4 cum

