A.D. 1777. Anno decimo lcptimo Georgii III.

C. 53.' 139

* FORM of the DEED of Sale, or Exchange, of Lands or Tythes belonging to the Living or Benefice.

4 HI S Indenture, made the Day of # in the Year

4 I of the Reign of his Majesty King George the and in the Year of our Lord

c between A. B. Ordinary of the Rectory (Vicarage, Chapelry, or Perpetual Cure, as

4 the Cafe shall be) of in the County oX C. D. of

4 Patron of the said Rectory, (Ae. and the Reverend E. F. Clerk, Incumbent of the said Rectory, (Ac. ot

4 the one Part, and G. H. of of the other Part. Whereas, in the Execution of an

4 Act, passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Afl%

4 &c. (here fit forth the Title of the^Afi) it hath been found Convenient to purchase (or exchange, as the Cafe

4 shall be) certain Lands, (Ac (describe particularly the Lands fur chafed) lying near and convenient to the

4 Parsonage House belonging to the said Rectory, (Ac. (ory if the House be lately purchased) [lying near a

4 certain Messuage, House, or Tenement, and Buildings, lately purchased for the Habitation of the Mi-

c nirter of the said Rectory, (Ac. under the Powers of the said A ft] and it hath been found most convenient,

* and agreed by the said Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, that the Glebe Lands (or Tythes, as the Cafe,

4 shall be) herein-after described, belonging to the said Rectory, (Ac. shall be fold, to raise the Sum of

4 being the Purchase-money for the said Lands herein-before described

4 (or exchanged, if the fame is to be done by Exchange, in order to make an Equivalent for such Lands) and a

4 Contraft hath been made with the said G. H.for the ablblote Sale, at the Price or Sum of

4 (or Exchange, as the Cafe shall be) of Part of the Glebe Land (of of the Tythes, as the,

4 Cafe shall be) belonging to the said Rectory, (Ac. hetem -after mentioned ; that is to'say, (here describe the\

4 Particulars of the Land or Tythesp»‘OpoJed to be sold or exchanged) which Contraft is hereby ratified and coh-

• firmed by the said Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent: No# this Indenture witnesseth. That the said,

4 A'. B. C. D. and E. F. in order so carry the said Contraft into Execution, and to fulfil the Purposes of

• the said recited Act, in pursuance of the Powers thereby to them given, and in Consideration of the Sum

4 of ^ the Receipt whereof is acknowledged on the Back of this Deed ; which,

4 Sum hath been paid and applied in the Purchase of the Lands herein-before described 5 have, and each of

4 them hath granted, bargained, and fold (and exchanged, if the fame be by Exchange), and by these Pre-,

4 fonts do, and each of them doth grant, bargain, fell [and exchange, if by Exchange), unto the said G. H.,

4 and his Heirs and Assigns, all, (Ae% (here describe the Lands or Tythes, as the Cafe shall be) with theic and,

4 every of their Rights, Privileges, and Appurtenances, to hold to and to the tile of the said G. H. his

4 Heirs and Assigns for ever. (If done by Exchange, add the following Words) [in Exchange for certain

4 Lands which belonged to the said G. It. and are, by Indentures of equal Date herewith, exchanged and

4 conveyed to the said C. D. in Trust, for the foie Use and Benefit of the said E. F. and his Successors,

4 Rectors, Vicars, (Ac. (as the Cafe shall be) of the said Living or Benefice, for the'Time being, for ever.]

* And* the said A. B. C. D. and E. F. do hereby fevertlly covenant for themselves, their several Executors.

4 and Administrators, to and with the said G. H. his Heirs and Assigns, That they, nbr any of them, have

4 or hath done any Act whereby the frid Lands (or Tythes, as the Cafe shall be) can or may be incumbered

4< and that the said G. H. his Heirs and Assigns, shall and may, from Time to Time, for ever hereafter,.

4 peaceably and quietly hold and enjoy the said Glebe Lands or Tythes (as the Cafe shall be} according to.

4 the true Intent and Meaning of the iaid Act, without any Lett, Hindrance, or Interruption, of or from

* them, or any of them.

4 InWitnefs, (Ac.

FORM «/ /ii DEEDY Purchase or. Exchange of Buildings or Lands to be annexed to the Living

or Benefice.

« ‘ 1 s Indenture, made the Day of in the Year

4 A of the Reign of his Majestjr King and in the Year of our Lord

4 between A. B. of of the one Part; C. D. Ordinary of the Rectory, Vicarage, Cha-'

4 pelry, or Perpetual Cure (as the Cafe shall be) of in the County of

4 E. F. of Patron of the said Rectory, (Ac. and the Reverend G. H. Clerk, In-

4 cumbent of the said Rectory, (Ac. of the other Part. Whereas there is no Parsonage House belonging to

4 the said Rectory, (Ac. (or) [the Parsonage House belonging to the said Rectory, (Ac. is become so ruinous

4 and decayed (or so mean) that it is not fit for the Habitation of the Minister of the said Rectory, (sic.]

4 and one Year's net Income or Produce of the said Living or Benefice will not be sufficient to rebuild or

4 repair the said House, with the necessary Offices belonging thereto: And whereas a certain Mefiitage,

4 House, or Tenement, with the Buildings thereunto belonging, situatcin

• the Property of the said A. B. and lying within the Distance of # Yards

4 from the Church (sr Chapel, as the Cafe shall be) of the said Rectory, (Ac. appears to the said Ordinary,

4 Patron, and Incumbent, proper and convenient for the Habitation and Use of the Minister of the said

4 Rectory, (Ac. [and more commodious than the present House and Buildings upon the Glebe of the

4 said "Reftory, (Ac.] (in Cafes where there are any); indra* Contraft hath been made, by the Direction

4 and with the Approbation and Content of the said Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, with the said

4 A. B. which is hereby ratified and confirmed by the said Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, for th^

4 absolute Purchase of the said Messuage, House, or Tenement, and Buildings, for the Price or Sum

4 pursuant to the Directions of an Act, passed in the seventeenth Year]

4 of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act, & c. (set forth the Title of the Adf:)

T a 4 [And

( ^.oooole

