S 36

Anno vicesimo Georgii Ilf.

Officer! appoint-

ed by the Tru flees

to be sworn.

Power to borrow

Money, and

assign the Rates

as a Security.

Form of Assign*

went*

Alignments

may be trans-

ferred.

Form of Trans-

fcr.

Remedy for re-

covering Arrears

of Interest.

No Money to be

borrowed after

thefirftMeeting,

wile's IO Da\ s

Notice be given.

Application of

the Money bor-

lowed, flee.

C. 26,

A.D. 1780.

Ship or Vessel, or to take the Admeasurement thereof, such Master or other Person shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Quay-master, and other Officers and Servants to be ap-

pointed by virtue of this Act, shall, when thereunto required by any one of the said Trustees, swear that

he or they will duly perform and execute his or their respective Office or Offices; and all and every Person

or Persons who shall be employed or appointed to take the Tonnage of any Ship or other Vessel coming

into, or going out of, the said Harbour, shall, when required in like Manner, swear that he or they will

duly take the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel; which Oath any one or more of the said Trustees is or arc

hereby authorised and impowered to administer.

XXV. And to the End a sufficient Sum of Money may be speedily raised for the Purposes of this

4 Act, and in order to secure the Repayment of the fame/ be it further enacted, That it shall and may

be lawful for the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby impowered, by Inden-

ture or Writing under their Hands and Seals, to mortgage or assign the Rates or Duties granted by this

Act as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money by them to be borrowed (not exceeding in the Whole

the Sum of four thousand Pounds), for the Ends and Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons, Na-

tives or Foreigners, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, that [hall or will lend or advance the fame, for securing

the Repayment thereof, with Interest, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum (Copies of all

which Mortgages or Alignments shall be entered in a Hook or Books co be krpt for that Purpose); and all

and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed shall be paid into the Hands of the said Trustees,

or of the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to be by them appointed; the Culls and Charges of

all which Mortgages or Assignments shall be borne and paid out of the Rates or Duties hereby granted ;

and all and every Sum and Sums of Money advanced and paid by way of Loan as aforesaid, and the

Interest payable for the fame respectively, shall be charged and chargeable upon the Rates or Duties hereby

granted.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Mortgages or Assignments, hereby

directed to be made as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed on the Credit of the

Rates or Duties by this Act granted, shall be in the Words, or to the Efteft following:

4 gY virtue of an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for

4 repairing, enlarging, and prefacing the Harbour of Aberystwyth, in the County of Cardigan, we whose

4 Names are hereunto set, being five of the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said Act, in Con-

4 sideration of the Sum of fifty Pounds to us in Hand paid by A. B. of do assign unto

the said A. B. his [or her] Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all and singular the Rates or Duties

4 by the said Act granted, to hold unto the said A. B. his [$r her] Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

4 until the said Sum of fifty Pounds, together with Interest for the fame after the Rate of five Pounds per

4 Centum per Annum, shall be fully paid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals the

4 Day of

And all and every Person and Persons to whom any Mortgage or Assignment of the aforesaid Rates or

Duties shall be made, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money by him, her, or them

lent on the Credit thereof, and his, her, or their Assignee or Assignees, may, and is and are hereby im-

powered from Time to Time to transfer or assign over such Security or Securities, and the Principal and

Interest due thereon, to any other Person or Persons, by indorsing thereon the following Words, or Words

to the like Eff’eft:

4 T Do transfer this Assignment, with all my Right, Title, and Interest in and to the fame, unto

4 1 of his [or herj Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this

4 Day of .....

a.b:

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Interest upon any Sum or Sums

of Money advanced by way of Loan as aforesaid shall be in Arrear and unpaid for the Space of forty Days

next after any of the Time or Times when the fame is, are, or shall become due and payable, and be de-

manded, the aforesaid Rates or Duties shall from thenceforth vest in the Person or Persons to whom such

Interest shall be so in Arrear, until the fame shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with all Costs and

Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment of the fame; and all and every such Perlonand Persons shall have,

and is hereby vested with the like Powers, Right, and Privilege of col left ing, receiving, and levying the

said Rates or Duties hereby made payable, as the said Trustees, or the Collectors or Receivers by them ap-

pointed, could have had in case the said Interest had been regularly and fully paid and satisfied.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Money shall be borrowed on the Credit of

the Rates or Duties hereby granted after the first Meeting of the said Trustees, unless Notice in Writing be,

by Order and under the Hands of the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, affixed on the Church

Door of Llanbadarnfawr, and on the Town-hall of Aberyjhvyth, at lead ten Days before the borrowing

of such Money.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money which shall be collected, received,

levied, and borrowed by virtue of this Act shall be applied, in the first Place, in paying the Charges and

Expences incident to and incurred in the obtaining and passing this Act, and afterwards in defraying the

necessary Expences of completing and maintaining the several Works aforesaid, and in executing the Pur-

poses of this Act, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever*

. XXX. And

