A.D. 1779. Anno decimo'nono Georgii III.

C. 74.' 495

themselvet.

Offender!, when

sick, to be vifr.ed

by the Surgeon,

and, if n’Cessary,

to be sent to the

Infirmary*

Two of the

Committee to

attend at each

(land in need of his spiritual Advice and Assistance, provided that such Visitation, to such of the Offenders

as shall be in Health shall not interfere with their dated Hours of Labour.

XLLII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be, adjoining to each of such Penitentiary Houses, Large Yards,

one or more large ai.d airy Yards or Places, inclosed and properly secured, in which, and on the Top of properly recured,

such House, if the Building will admit such a Convenience, the Offenders ordered to be confined in such J® {he*Pen£cn^

House shall be permitted to walk and air themselves, for such dated Time as their Health may require, fUrv Houses* for

and she Governors shall respectively permit; and if proper Employment can be found, such Offenders may the Offenders to-

also be permitted to work in such Yards, indead of their Lodging-rooms or Woik-rooms; but such air- walk in and air

ing or working in such Yards shall never be permitted unless in the Presence or within the View of the

Governor or Taflc-master, or some of their Servants or A Aidants.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Offender shall appear to be sick, he or she

shall be visited by the Surgeon or Apothecary attending such House, and if the Sickness be found to be real,

the said Surgeon or Apothecary shall report the fame to the Governor; who shall, if the Sickness be of

such.a Nature as to require it, order such Offender to be sent to the Infirmary belonging to such House,

and to be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose as sick; and when such Offender (half have so far

recovered his or her Health, as that the said Surgeon or Apothecary shall judge him or her in a proper

Condition to quit the Infirmary, and to return to his or her Employment, and the said Apothecary shall

so report, the said Governor shall order such Offender to be brought back to his or her Lodging*room, and

to be again employed in Labour, so far as shall be confident with the Health of such Offender.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee, or any two of them, shall attend at each

«5f the said Penitentiary Houses once at lead in every Fortnight; and on every such Attendance shall exa-

mine the State of such Hotife, and shall fee every Offender confined there, and not disabled by Sickness p '

amd shall inspedt the Accounts of the Governor and Storekeepers, and also examine the Conduct and Ma- House every

nagement of such House, and the Behaviour of the Officers thereof, and of the Offenders confined there- Fortnight, when

ih; and the said Committee are hereby authorised and impowered to confer Rewards and Encouragements they fluii fee the

on such of the said Offenders as shall appear the most diligent and meritorious, by giving them a small Pj?c^cr,s>and

Part of the Profits of their daily or weekly Earnings, to be properly applied for the Use and Benefit of l*0*lt

themselves or Families, or by permitting them to work, during the Intervals of their dated Labour, for Governor and

the like Use and Benefit. Storekeepers, Sec.

XLVL And be it further enacted, That the Governor of each of such Penitentiary Houses shall have Governor im.

Power to hear all Complaints touching any of the following Offences; that is to say, Disobedience of any

of the Orders of the House; Assaults by one Person confined in such House upon another, when no dan-

gerous Wound or Bruise is given; profane Cursing and Swearing, or indecent Behaviour; Absence from an(i io

Chapel, or irreverent Behaviour there; and Idleness or Negligence in Work, of wilful Mismanagement of offCnders7

it; all which are declared to be Offences by this A£\; and the said Governor may examine any Persons

touching such Offences, and may determine thereupon, and may punish such Offences, either by moderate

Whipping,- or by ordering the Offenders to close Confinement in the Dungeons of such House, and by

keeping them upon Bread and Water only, for any Term not exceeding three Days!

aLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender who shall be committed to any such Peniten-

tiary House shall, during the Term for which he shall be so committed, be guilty of any Offence which

the Governor of such House is not hereby authorised to punish, or for which the Punishment which such

Governor is hefeby authorised to inflidl shall by such Governor be deemed not sufficient, by reason of the

Enonfiity of the Offence, or the Repetition thereof, such Governor may, and he is hereby required to Commhtceat

confine such Offender, either in his or her own Lodging-room, or in one of the Dungeons belonging to their next Meet-

such House, till the next Meeting of the said Committee, and shall then report such Offence, with the

Nature^nd particular Circumstances thereof, and the Name of the Offender, to the said Committee; and

such Committee shall have Power to esquire of, upon Oath, and determine concerning all such Offences

to reported to them as aforesaid, and shall order such Offenders to be punished, either by moderate Whip-

ping, or repeated Whippings, by close Confinement in one of the Dungeons, with Bread and Water only

for Sustenance, for any Term not exceeding one Month, or by removing such Offenders, if ranked in the

fiecond-or third Class, into any prior Class, or by any or all of such Punishments; and in case of Removal

into any prior Class, the Offender shall, from the Time of making such Order of Removal, go through

such prior Class, and also the subsequent Class or Classes, in the same Manner as under his or her original

Commitment, and for such additional Time as such Committee shall think proper to order, so as the whole

Time of Confinement, to be computed from such Order of Removal into such prior Class, to the final

Discharge of the Offender, shall not exceed the original Term for which he or she was committed.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever by this Act the said Committee, or any two of Any one of the

them,1 are impowered or directed to make any Enquiry, or receive any Proof upon Oath, any one of the Committee miy

said Committee is hereby authorised to tender and administer such Oath; and any two of the said Commit-

tee may summon, or cause to be summoned, such Witnesses as they shall think meet, to appear and give

Evidence before them; and if any Person, being duly summoned, (lull refuse or neglect to appear, or be-

ing piefent, and competent to be a Witness, dial! refuse to be sworn. or being sworn, (lull refuse to give

powered to hear

Complaints of

certain Offence?,

and to punish the

Enormous Of-

fenders to be

confined by the

Governor, and

reported to the

»ng.

Committee to

esquire concern*

ing such Offen-

ces, and to punish

the Offenders.

ad mini ft

Oa'.h, Ac.

Evidence, such'Person dial! forfeit any Sum not less than twenty Shillings, or more than ten Pounds, at

the I )ifcretion of the said Committee. ,

; XI, IX. And be it further oracled, That if the said Committee shall at any Time observe, or be satis-

faSlorily informed of, any extraordinary Diligence or Merit in any of the Offenders under their In fir crion,

they shall report the fame to the Justices of Oyer and Terminer, and Goal Delivery, or Great Stifions,

at their next or any subsequent Scffon to be holden for the County in which such Offender was couvidled ;

ard such-Justices, if the Offender shall be committed for a certain Term of Months or Years, shall and

huy, if they shall think proper, (horten the Confinement of such Offender, on Condition that Inch Of-

S if 2

Penalty on Per-

iods furriTV'^eJ

who shall i' (n(c

to appe r, Ac.

Cornn litre fa

rerort to he

Juvicer- *r the

ntxt A if z :« all

Off f.Jc:s who

flu JI mamfc eo:-

11nord:jirry Dili-

fender, g«ce or Merit;

