6

dodgers liable to

pay the Rates,

•nd to be allowed

the fame out of

their Rents.

Lodgers not to

obtain any Ser-

tlemen* by Pay-

ment of the

Rates.

In case of Dif-

tress, Expences

may be levied.

Rates to be re-

covered as the

poor's Rates by

AO of 44 Eiiz.

Method of re-

covering the

Rates from

Persons re-

moving out of

*h« Piriih, dec.

Distress not to

be deemed ille-

gal for Want of

•Fora*

Plain tiff not to

•recover after

Tender of

Amends.

Officers to ac-

count to

Tru flees.

and pay the

Balance.

C. 5. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1777.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person so renting and occupying any separate

Apartment in such House or Houses, or ready-fumiftied House, shall be liable and compellable to the Pay*

ment of the fame.

XXIX. Provided always. That each and every such Occupier or Occupiers, who shall pay such Rates

or AffWTments, or from whom the fame shall be recovered by virtue of this Act, shall and may deduct the

fame out of the next Rent due and payable from him, her, or them, to the Landlord or Owner thereof;

and the Receipt for such Payment (nail be a sufficient Discharge to such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or

Occupiers, to his or her said Landlord, for so much Money as he, (he, or they shall have paid, or shall

have been levied on him, her, or them, by virtue of this Act, and shall be allowed by such Landlord or

Owner of such House, as if the fame was paid to him in Specie.

XXX. Provided also. That no such Tenant or Occupier of any separate Apartment of any House or

Houses, or ready-furnished House, shall, by the Payment of such Rate or Assessment in Manner aforesaid,

be deemed to acquire any Settlement in the said Parish by such Payment ; but that the Landlord or Owner

shall be deemed and construed, to all Intents and Purposes, to have paid the fame; any Law, Statute, or

Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That when and as often as any Distress shall be made, by

Authority of this Act, for Nonpayment of any of the said Rates hereby directed to be made, or any Part

thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons making such Distress, to raise and levy

the reasonable Charges of making such Distress, over and above the Sum of Money actually due upon the

Rate or Rates for which such Distress is or shall be taken.

XXXII. And be it further enacted. That all the said Rates and Assessments, so to be made and a fie fled

by virtue of this Act, shall be collected and recovered with all and every the Arrears thereof, which shall

or may at any Time or Times hereafter remain unpaid, by such Person and Persons as shall by virtue of

this Act be appointed to collect and receive the same, in such and the same Manner as Rates and Assess-

ments made for the Relief of the Poor, and the Arrears thereof, are directed to be collected, levied, and

recovered, by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth,

or by any other subsequent Act or Acts relating thereto; and that every Person aggrieved by any such

Rate or Assessment shall have the like Remedy by Appeal as in the said Act, or by any other subsequent

Act or Acts, is for that Purpose given and provided, and that as fully and effectually to all Intents and

Purposes as if such Remedies in the like Cafes were herein at large repeated and set forth.

4 XXXIII. And, for the more effectual levying the Money, rated and assessed for the several Purposes

4 of this Act,’ be it further enacted, That the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons rated and

assessed as aforesaid, who shall afterwards remove out of the said Parish, or shall neglect or refuse to pay

the Sum or Sums by him, her, or them respectively payable as aforesaid, shall and may be levied not only

in the said Parish, but in any other Parish or Place within the same County ; and if sufficient Distress can-

not be found within the same County, then, upon Oath thereof made before any one or more Justice or

Tufticcs of any other County, City, Liberty, or Place (which Oath shall be certified under the Hand or

Hands of the said Justice or Justices on the Warrant made out for such Distress), the Goods and Chattels of

the said Person or Petfons so removing out of the said Parish, or neglecting or refusing to pay, shall be sub-

jest and liable to such Distress in any other County, City, Liberty, or Place, where the fame shall be

found; and may, by virtue of such Warrant and Certificate, be levied in the same Manner as if the fame

had been found in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington: any Custom or Law to the contrary thereof not-

withstanding.

4 XXXlv. And, to prevent any vexatious Actions or Suits against the Collectors or other Persons con-

* cerned in the Execution of this Act,* be it enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum

or Sums of Money, justly due for any of the Purposes of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed

•unlawful, nor the Party or Parties concerned in or making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers,

on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Warrant of or for the Appointment of such Collector

or Collectors, or in the Rate or Assessment, or in the Warrant of Distress thereupon ; nor shall the Party

or Parties making or concerned in the fame, be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ah initio, on account of

any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties making or concerned in the fame;

but the Party or Parties aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special

Damage he, (he, or they (nail have sustained thereby, and no more, in any Action of Trespafs or on the

Cafe, at the Election of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXXV. Provided always. That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any such Action or Actions

for any Irregularity aforesaid, if Tender of Amends hath been made by the Party or Parties making the

Distress before such Action or Actions was or were brought, nor if Tender of Amends shall be made at

any Time after the said Action or Actions shall have been brought and before the Trial thereof, together

with Costs of Suit to the Time of such last-mentioned Tender.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Collector or Collectors, and all other Persons who shall

collect or receive all or any of the Monies arising by virtue of, under, or in pursuance of this Act, shall,

under their respective Hands, and in such Manner, and at such Times and Places, as the said Trustees, or

any five or more of them, shall direct, deliver to the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, for the

Time being, true and perfect Accounts in Writing, of all Matters and Things committed to their Charged,

by virtue of their respective Offices or of this Act, and also of all Monies which shall have been by them

respectively received, and how much thereof shall have been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes,

together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments; and also a true Lift of the Names of all such Per-

fons who shall have neglected or refused to pay their respective Rates or Assessments, and of the Monies

due from them respectively; and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the

said

