A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. C. 24.

‘ VII. And whereas it is by the said recited A3, among other Things, ensued,' That if any Ship,

Vessel, or Boat, taken as Prize, or any Goods therein, shall appear and be proved in any Court of Ad-

miralty to have belonged to any of his Majesty’s Subjects of Great Britain or Ireland, or any of the Do-

minions and Territories remaining and continuing under his Majesty’s Protection and Obedience, which

were before taken or surprized by any of his Majesty’s Enemies, and at any Time afterwards again fur-

prized and retaken from his Majesty’s Enemies by any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or any private

Man of War, or other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, under his Majesty *s Protection and Obedience, that then

such Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Goods, and every such Part and Parts thereof, as aforesaid, formerly

belonging to such his Majesty’s Subjects, shall, in all Cafes, be adjudged to be restored, and shall be, by

Decree of the said Court of Admiralty, accordingly restored to such formerOwner or Owners, or Pro-

prietors, he or they paying, for and in Lieu of Salvage, as rn the said Act rs particularly mentioned and

directed: And whereas it hath been found by Experience, that great Expence is incurred by the original

Owners and Recaptors of Colliers and Coasting Vessels, and other Vessels of small Value, by proceeding

to Adjudication in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, with respect to the Salvage of such re-

captured Colliers and Coasting VdTels, and other Vessel $ of small Value, the Charges whereof fre-

quently exceed the Sum paid for Salvage to the Recaptors:* For Remedy whereof be it enacted, That

in Cafes of all Colliers and Coasting Vessels, and other Vessels of small Value, taken by the Enemy, and

afterwards retaken by any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or by any Privateer or Merchant Ship having

Letter of Marque, or by any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, under his Majesty’s Protection or Obedience, it shall

»nd may be lawful, immediately upon such recaptured Collier or Coasting Vessel, or other Vessel of small

Value, being brought into Port, for the Owners and Agents on both Sides to agree upon the Salvage, so

2* such Salvage shall not exceed the respective Proportions directed by the said recited Act to be paid to

Recaptors; and upon producing to the Judge of any Court of Admiralty, or his Surrogate, or to any

one*or more of the Commissioners for taking Examinations in Prize causes, an Attestation of the Master

of the recaptured Ship or Vessel, of the Property thereof, and of the Cargo, including also an Attesta-

tion of some Person of good Credibility as to the Identity of the said Ship or Vessel, and of his having

carefully viewed the fame; that then it shall be lawful for the Recaptor, or his Agent, immediately to

restore the fame without any further Delay, and such Restitution being certified to the Court, shall be

decreed to be affirmed accordingly; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwith-

Jhnding.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for converting into Money the Statute Labour, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright,

for the Purpose of repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said

Stewartry.

W HEREAS the Powers granted by Law, relative to Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, and the

c, VV Services thereby authorised to be exaCled in Scotland, have not been found Efficient for making,

4 widening, and repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, in the Stewartry of

Kirkcudbright: And whereas the Performance of Statute-labour when rigorously exacted, has been found

4 very unequal and oppressive, and it would b6 mote equitable and convenient it a moderate Assessment or

4 Conversion in Money was paid in lieu thereof, and if further Powers were given to the Justices of the

PeaceT and Commissioners of Supply for carrying the Intentions of the said Laws info Execution; and,

4 as this cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament,* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may

be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That every Person, who is at present, or hereafter shall be, in his own

Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the aCtual Possession and Enjoyment, as Proprietor or Liferenter of

Lands, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, valued in the Tax-roll, or Valuation Books of the said Stew-

artry to -the Extent of one hundred Pounds Scots per Annum\ and all and every the eldest Sons of such

Persons, being Heirs of the said Property, or in the Absence of the said Proprietor and his Heir, the Faclor

having a Commifiinn for collecting his Kents; and also the Stewart-depute of the said Stewartry for the

Time being, and his Substitutes, and the Provost, or chief residing Magistrate of each of the Royal

Burghs within the said Stewarrry, during his Magistracy, shall be, and are hereby appointed Trustees for

making, widening, and repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Highway*, Roads, Bridges, and perries,

within the said Stewartry, and for executing all other Powers by this A3 to them given and granted.

II. Provided always, ! hat if any Person not qualified, or defetibed as aforesaid, shall presume to act as

a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such A3, forfeit and pay the Sum

of ten Pounds Sterling, beside the Expence of Prosecution, to be recovered by Complaint in a summary

Way, at the Suit of any Proprietor of Land within the said Stewartry, before the Justices of the Peace at

their Quarter Sessions, or b-fore the Stewart-depute of the said Stewartry, or his Substitute or Substi-

futes, which Penalty Hull be paid to the said Trustees, or their Clerk, to be applied for the Purp >fes

of this Act; and, in case any such Complaint shall be brought, the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon

the Defendant.

Hi. And* be it further enaOed by the Authority aforesaid, That all Occupiers of Land, and other Per-

fons cn«»rg.*aide with Statute-labour within the said Stewartry, shall, from and after the passing of thisACf,

r^v (to die CcileHoys :o be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned) an Assessment or Conversion in

Money, in lieu ot Suture-labour, according to the following Rates; that is to say, all Occupiers of

Lands, whether Proprietors or Tenants, shall be liable to pay yearly an Aflfefiment in Money for the Lands

occupied

523

Recital of Part

of 19 Geo. III.

Cap 67, relating

to iec?.ptured

Vcfleis.

Regulationsco*-

Cerning recap-

tured Collier*.

Coasting Vef-

fels, &c.

Preamble.

Trofreefj

Penalty on a&-

irg if not quali-

fied.

A fTeflTnient to be

laid

on Occupiers of

Lind,

