148-

On Failure of

Dirt ref;, Of-

fender to be

coiunitted.

Owner* of Ma-

terials delivered

to J jurneym'n,

Ac. to be work-

ed of, may, at

all feafo'-able

Hours, enter

their Shops or

Outhouses, to

inspelt their

Materials.

Penalty oa Re-

fufal of En-

trance, Ac.

All Penalties

in the Act xz

Ceo. II. and in

this Act, re-

lating to the

said Mate, ids,

shall be appli-

cab e to the

Tools, Ac. with

which any Per-

son is entitled

for n anu^ftur-

ing the fame.

If any Journey-

man Dyer, Ac.

/hall, without

the Confcir of

his Emp nyer,

dye any W60L

len. Linen, Ac.

he shall forfeit,

for the fiift Of-

fence, 106 Ac.,;

or if any Person

lh.ll procure any

such MateiLli

to be so dyed,

he shall forfeit,

for the full Of-

fence, 5 s, Ac.

Inhabitants of

any !'an(h

whr. ei any of

the afo efaidOf-

fences (hal: be

committed, to be

deemed compe-

tent 'WitncHcs,

C. 56. Anno decimo feptimo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1777*

Place, where such Conviction shall be, or to such public Charity or Charities as the Justices convifting

shall appoint; and if no sufficient Distress shall be found whereon to levy the said Tespective Forfeitures,

then the said Justices shall and may commit every such Offender, so respectively deemed and adjudged

5uilty as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol, or other Prison, or House of Correction, within his or their

urisdiction, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of one Month, for the first Offence ; and for the

iecond Offence, for the Space of two Months; and for every subsequent Offence, for the Space of fix

Months.

4 XV. And whereas it sometimes happens, by Occasion of the very long Detention of such Materials

4 as aforesaid, delivered out to Journeymen or other Per Tons employed to work up the fame, it cannot be

4 known to the Master or Owners of such Materials, whether the fame may have been purloined or cm-

c bezzled, or whether the said Materials are wholly or in Part wrought or begun to be wrought, or in

4 what State or Condition such Materials may be: For Remedy whereof/ be it further enacted. That,

from and after the said first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, it shall be lawful

for the Owner or Owners of any such Materials, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to de-

mand Entrance, and enter, at all feasonable Hours in the Day-time, into the Shops or Outhouses of 3ny

Person or Per Tons employed by him or them to work up any of the said Materials, or other Place or Places

where the Work shall be carried on, and there to inspect the State and Condition of such Materials; and

in case of Refusal, by any such Person or Persons so employed, to permit such Entrance or Inspection, he,

(he, or they so refusing, shall forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less

than ten Shilling?, as the Justices, before whom he, (he, or they shall be convicted, shall think proper*

to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as is by this Act directed for the Misdemeanor of being ini

the Poffffion of any such Materials, without being able to account satisfactorily for such Possession-

4 XVI. And whereas the said recited Act, of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

4 King George the Second, contains no Provision for the Protection and Recovery of the Tools and Im-

4 plements with which any Person or Persons employed in preparing, working up, or manufacturing,

4 such Materials as aforesaid, shall be entrusted for that Purpose ; nor any Provision in respect to the Drugs

4 and Ingredients used in dying, preparing, or manufacturing, such of the said Materials as are usually

4 dyed, prepared, or manufactured / be it therefore enacted. That, from and after the said first Day of

July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, every Penalty or Punishment directed by, or other

Provision contained in, the said recited Act, in respect to the said Materials, so far as the said recited Act

is not varied by this Act, and all the Provisions in this Act contained in respect to the said Materials, (half

extend and be applicable to any Tool or Tools, and Implement or Implements, with which any Person

or Persons shall be entrusted for making, working up, or manufacturing, the said Materials, and also to

any Drug or Drugs, Ingredient or Ingredients, with which any Person or Persons shall be entrusted, for

the Purpose of dying, preparing, or manufacturing, such of the aforesaid Materials as are usually dyed,

prepared, or manufactured, in the same Manner as if the said Tools and Implements, Drugs and In-

gredients, were particularly mentioned, both in the said recited Act and in the preceding Provisions of

this Act.

4 XVII. And whereas Journeymen Dyers, Servants, and Apprentices, frequently abuse the Trust re-

4- posed in them, by dying Goods for their own Profit, without the Consent of their Masters / be it there-

fore enacted. That, from and after the said first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

seven, if any Person hired, retained, or employed as 2 Journeyman Dyer, or as a Servant or Apprentice,

in the dying of any Felt or Hat, or any Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Leather, Fur, Flax, Mohair,

or Silk Materials, whether the fame shall be wrought or unwrought, or shall be mixed or unmixed with

other of the said Materials, shall, without the Consent of the Mftler, Person or Persons by whom such

Journeyman, Servant, or Apprentice, shall be hired, retained, or employed, wilfully dye any of the said’

Materials, whether wrought or unwrought, or mixed or unmixed with other of the said Materials, or

without such Consent shall wilfully receive any such Materials as aforesaid, for the Purpose of dying the

fame, whether the fame (h *11 be dyed or prepared for dying, he or she so guilty of either of the said Of-

fences shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings; and for the second Offence, the Sum

of twenty Shillings; and for every subsequent Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings ; or if any Person shall

procure any fu.h Alaterials as aforesaid, to be dyed by any Person so hired, retained, or employed as a

Journeyman, Servant, or Apprentice, without the Consent of his or her Master or Employer, or (hdll

offer any such Materials to any such Journeyman, Servant, or Apprentice, for the Purpose aforesaid, he

or (be so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, by the Oath, or (being of the People called Quakers)-

Affirmation, of one or more credible Witr.efs or Wimeffes, before two or more Justices of the Peace for

the County, Ricbng, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed,

shall, for the fiift Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Shillings ; and for the second Offence, the Sum of

twenty Shillings ; and for every subsequent Offence, the Sum of four Pounds; and each of the said Pe-

nalties shall be paid to the Informer or Informers ; and in case of Non-payment on Conviction, the Person

so convicted shall be committed, by the Justices before whom the Convicti on shall be, to the common

Gaol or House of Correction, to remain for any Time not exceeding one Month, as such Justices shall;

order and direct.

XVIII. Provided always and be it fur;her enacted, That any Inhabitant of any Parish, Townfhfp,

or Place, in which any Off nee shall be committed contrary to the Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign

of his late Map fly King George the First, or contrary to ihe Act of the twenty-second Year of his lace

Majesty King George the Second, or contrary to this Act, shall be deemed a competent Witness, not-

withstanding his or her being an Inhabitant of such Parish, Township, or Place.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

any one Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, and he

£ , is

