A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. , C. 42. 531

€i Conftruflion of any Rule or Bye-law, &V. may apply in a summary Way to the Court of Chancery.

4< Surplus Money to be placed out at Interest. Power to dispose of the Surplus Money. When Trustees

4< die, or refuse to act, new ones to be chosen. Each Trustee shall be accountable only for his own A&

44 and Deed. Trustees to reimburse themselves their Expences in executing this Act. Public Act.

General Saving.

CAP. XLTI.

An Act to enable the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strcnd to establiili and main*

tain a Light*house on the Rocks called The Smallsy in Saint George's Channel.

TIJ HEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Preur’ !<?.

 Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act concerning Sea-tnarks and Mariners, the Matter, Wardens, A& S £hz.

c and Assistants, of the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strong are empowered to ered and set tccu<:d*

4 up Beacons, Marks, and Signs for the Sea, needful for avoiding of Dangers, and to renew, continue,

and maintain the fame, in such Manner as in the said Act is mentioned: And whereas, by certain Let- letters Patmt

4 ters Patent, granted by her said late Majesty, bearing Date at JVcftmhiJhr, the eleventh Day of June, rn °.f It‘

the thirty-sixth Year of her Reign, the Office of Beaconage and Buoyage was granted to the said Corpo- <uc

4 ration and their Successors for ever, together with all Fees, Advantages, Profits, and Rights, payable or

4 appertaining to that Office: And whereas there are certain Rocks dangerous to Navigation, called The

4 Smalls, lying in Saint George9s Channel \ upon one of which said Rocks a Light-house hath been eroded:

4 And whereas the said Light-house hath lately been greatly damaged by the Force of the Sea, owing to

4 its not being sufficiently elevated: And whereas many hundreds of Merchants, Traders, Owners, and

4 Matters of Ships, of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, using, or interested in, the Navigation

4 of Saint George's and the Bristol Channels, having requested the said Corporation to cause the said Light-*

4 house, which hath been erected on one of the said Rocks, to be repaired, or a new one instead thereof

4 to be erected, as they should adjudge to be most beneficial to Navigation, and declared their Consent,

4 that, for defraying the Charges and Expences attending the fame, and the Management thereof, and of

4 Lights therein, tea»unab!e Duties might be imposed and taken for or in respect of all British, Irish, and

4 foreign Ships and other Vessels, which should pass within the Limits herein-after mentioned; they the

4 said Matter, Wardens ard Assistants, having considered of the said Requett, have therefore resolved to

4 cause the said pre'tnt Light-house to be repaired, improved, and supported, and a Light to be exhibited

4 therein, in case they shall be enabled to defray the Expences attending the said Light-house, and the

4 Maintenance thereof, by Receipt of such reasonable Duties as have been so consented and agreed to be

4 imposed and taken as aforesaid: And whereas such Light-house will be of great Utility, and tend to the

4 Safety and Preservation of his Majesty’s Navy, and of the Ships Goods, and Lives, of his Subjects,

and others, navigating Saint George's and the Bristol Channels, and patting within such Limits as herein-

4 after mentioned: And, forasmuch as the speedy Repair of the said Light-house is absolutely necessary:

4 To the End therefore that a Work, of such public Nature, and so greatly beneficial to Navigation, may

4 have all due Encouragementmay it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That for ever, from and after the kindling or placing a Light, for the Benefit of Shipping, in a Light- After a tight

house on one of the said Rocks called The Smalls, there shall be paid to the Matter, Wardens, and Assist- fluHbe placed

ants, of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, their Successors and Assigns, for every British) or Irish Ship, or ,n a Light-house

other Vessel whatsoever (except Ships or Vessels of War of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors), which called

{hall pass to, from, by, or near the said Rock, or which shall pass between Cape Clear, in the Kingdom of q hr Smaiii,

Ireland, and the Lands End, in the County of Cornwall, and so up the Bristol Channel, Eastward of the Cut es may be

J/le of Lundy, or to Milford Haven, or Linney Point, in the County of Pembroke, or the said Rocks of The col,acd bvthe

Smalls, in any Direction, within twelve Leagues of the said Light house, or which shall or may have any

Benefit of the said Light-house or Light, the following several 1 oils or Duties 5 (that is to say) rm,ty ou e*

For every such British or Irish Ship or other Vessel, not being a Ship of War belonging to his Majesty, his The Dutici,

Heirs or Successors, bound to or from any Port or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, from or to any so-

reign Port or Place (neither of the said Kingdoms to be for this Purpose deemed to be foreign, with

respect to Ships or Vessels bound only from the one to the other of them), the Toll or Duty of one

Penny for each Ton of the Burthen of every such Ship or Vessel, for every such Passage as aforesaid.

For every Ship or Vessel of Aliens, bound to or from any Port or Place in either of the said Kingdoms, or

from one foreign Port to another, a Toll or Duty of Twopence for each Ton of the Burthen of every

such last-mentioned Ship or Vessel, for every such Passage as aforesaid.

And for every British) or Irish Ship, or other Vessel, bound coastwise from one Port to another in either of

the said Kingdoms, or from any Port or Place in either of the said Kingdoms to any Port or Place in the

other of the said Kingdoms, and returning without making any foreign Voyage, the Toll or Duty of

one Halfpenny for each Ton of the Burthen of every such last-mentioned Ship or Vessel, for every roo-

sage as aforesaid.

The said several Tolls or Duties to be paid, by the respe£live Matters or Commanders of such Ships or

Vessels respectively, to such Person or Persons as the said Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, or their S jc-

cefl'ors or Assigns, shall from Time to Time authorise and appoint to collect the fame, in such Port or

Place, in either of the said Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, whence any such Ship or other Vessel

{hall set forth, or where any such Ship or other Vessel shall arrive, before the loading or unloading the

H h Goods

Duties to fee

paid by the

Masters of

Vftielf,

