A.D. 1777. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 65. 165

not exceed the annual Sum of five Shillings an Acre [over and above the Tax wherewith the said Lands

and Grounds are already liable to be taxed) for the first four Years next after the pnfling of this Act; and

for every Year after with any other yearly Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two Shillings and Six-

pence per Acre, over and above the said Tax wherewith the said Lands and Grounds are alreidy liable to

be taxed ; and also to afiefs, rate, tax, and charge all and every the respective Owner or Owners, Occu-

pier or Occupiers of all and singular the said F< n Lands and Low Grounds io bounded and described as

aforesaid, and which are not liable to be taxed by virtue of the said former Act, by an equal and propor-

tionable Acre-tax, with such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commifli mers, or any five or more of

them, shall think proper, so as the fame do not exceed the annual Sum of five S hill mgs per Acre for the

first four Years after the ptiling of this Act; and for every Year after with any other yvany Sum or Sums

of Money, not exceeding two Shillings and Sixpence per Acre in any Year; all which said Sum or Sums

of Money, so to be raised by virtue of this Act, (h^ll be paid, collected, levied, and recovered in the fame

Manner as the said Acre-tax of one Shilling per Acre by the said former Act is directed to be paid, colledeJ,

levied, and recovered.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Tax shall belaid, by virtue of this Act, upon two

certain Parcels of Lammas Land lying in AL:pa I aforesaid, called The Great and Little HAts, 'or the fi ft

two Years next after the passing thereof; nor any larger Tax than the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence

per Acre for the third Year after the patting thereof; nor any larger Tax than the Sum of five Shillings per

Acre for the fourth Year after the passing thereof; and that from and after the Expiration <*f the said four

Years after the passing of ibis Act, the said Great and Little Ho ts shall be subject to the fame annual Tax

of two Shillings and Sixpence per Acre, as the other Lands and Grounds are liable to by virtue of this

Act.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the several and respective Tenants of the said Fen Lands and

Low Grounds, which shall be rated or aftefted at the annu 1 Sum of five Shillings an Acre by virtue of this

Act for the first four Years after the passing thereof, and also the several and letpective Tenants o{ the said

Lammas Land, called The Great and Little Holts, which shall be rated and all tiled at the Sum of two Shil-

lings and Sixpence per Acre for the third Year after the passing of this Act, and at the Sum of fi\ v Shill ngs

per Acre for the fourth Year after the passing of this Act, shall, and are hereby required md au n riled to

pay such annual Sum of five Shillings, two Shillings and Sixpence, and five Shillings an Acre re’pe iiv iyr

and to dedud the fame out of the Kent which now is or (hill accrue due to th ir rcip<ctive Landlords for

the said Lands; and the said Landlords, both mediate and immediate, a'e hereby requi ed to allow such

Deductions and Payments, upon proper Receipts bung produced of such Payment, and upon Payment of

the Residue of the said Rents: And that every Tenant, paying the said AlTdTment, shall be acquitted .md

discharged of so much Money as the said Assessment Dull amount to, as if the fame had be«-n actually paid

unto .such Person or Per Tons to whom his or her Rent shall have b^en due or payable, except where there

are or have been prior Agreements made between the LanJlord and Tenant to the contrary.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That in all Cafes where there shall be a Lease or Agreement subsisting. which

has more than seven and under fourteen Years to come and unexpired, at the Time of the passing nf this

Act, one Moiety of the Taxes to be laid by virtue of this Act Inal] be borne and paid by the Landlord,

and the other Moiety by the Tenant; and that in all Cafes where there shall be a Le.ile or Agrrrm* nt

subsisting, which has fourteen or more Years to come and unexpired at the Time of the passing of this Act,

the Whole of the Taxes to be laid by virtue of this Act fh .11 be borne and pi*! by the Tenant.

VII. And be it further ena ed. That the Monies arising from the f »id Taxes or AfTcftments shall be

applied and disposed of, in the first Place, to defray the Expences of obtaining this Act; and in the next

Place to discharge such Notes of Hands as have been given by the Commissioners for Money by them bor-

rowed and expended in Works for imbanking and draining the Lid Fen Land* and Low G oun with

the Interest thereon due; and then to discharge the Bills due to T radelrmn for Materials and Work done

by Order of the said Commissioners ; and the Remainder thereof in making, maintaining, and keeping

such Cuts, Drains, Dams, B.mks, Bridges, Tunnels, and Outlets, arid erecting, repairing, maintaining,

and keeping such Works and Engines as will be necessary for draining and improving the said Fen Lands

and Low Grounds, and for the other Purposes directed by this Act, and to no other Ule or Purpufe what-

soever.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Tax or Assessment shall be rated, charged, or 1 -vied

for or in respect of any Lands, being Part of the Lands bounded and del rib <1 as aforesaid, which are

known and distinguished by the Name of High la"dsy and have not been damaged determined by Inundations.

‘ IX. And, in order to the a'certaining the Number of Acres contained w thin the iai>i Boundaries, and

* which are High-lands, and have not been dam ged by Inundations, and vvnich are not,* be it further en-

acted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall ami may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any nine

rr more of them, who 111.ill be present at the first Meeting, or any other Meeting ro be held by viriue of this

Act, and they are hereby authorised, if they shall think proper, to order a Survey to be taken, and a Map

made, by (uih Pcdon or Persons as they shall think proper, of all the Lands and Grounds contained nr

comprized in this Afl, as well those already surveyed as tnofe noi ; which Survey and M*«p shall be deli-

vered in upon Oath so the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, who shall be on fi m at any

IMte-irg to bw held by virtue of this Act, and the Chaiges thereof shall be borne and paid out of the Mo-

nies arising by virtue of this Act.

X And be it further enacted. That if any Dispute shall arise whether any such Lands shall or shall not

be deemed High-lands, the fame shall be determined upon View, on or before the first Dev of September^

one thousand leven hundred and seventy-seven, by two indiffeient Persons not having any Property in the

said Fen Lands and Low Grounds contained within the said Boundaries, one of whom lhdl be nominated

by the Commissioners, and the other by the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands in Dispute> and the

Lid

How the Great

and Li le H"!ts

ate to be taxed*

Tynan’s to pay

th.r T x, and

deduc thr fame

out of their

Rents.

Who (lull paf

th” Taxe* lor

lun Is under

Lease.

Annlication of

Taxes*

High-’andi not

to o* taxed.

A Survey to be

tak^n, and Map*

made.

If any P fpVe

ihail «irife whe-

ther an*, of the

I* old*- lil >'t o b?

deemed High-

lands or r.or, the

lame to be de~-

