4-14

Certain Words

to be painted

over the outward

D#ar of every

Stillhouse,Store-

house, &c,

on Forfeiture of

xcol.

Penalty rn buy-

ingBritifn-made

Spirits of any

Person other

than a Distiller,

&c. who has the

before-mention-,

ed Words paint*

rd over the outer

Door of his Still-

house, &c.

(Exception.)

Hither Buyer or

Seller informing

against the other

Party, /hall be

discharged of his

own Penalty.

Penalty on Per-

fons, not having

made Entry of

all the Places

used by them,

who /hall paint

over any of their

Doors t he Words

Distiller,'Re&i-

frer, &c.

All the Powers,

Penalties, and

Forfeitures, &c.

contained in for*

mer Revenue

Laws, to be ap-

plied in collect-

log. levying, and

recovering the

Duties and Pc*

mlties mention-

ed in this A£r

Penalties and

Forfeitures how

to be recovered

and applied.

Preamble*

C. 51. Anno decimo nono Georgi 1 III. A. D. 1779.

j*

VI. And be it further enactedjby the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth

Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, every Maker, Distiller, Re&ifier, and Com-

pounder, of Spirits, who shall make, distil, rectify, or compound, any Spirituous Liquors for Sale within

Great Britain, shall cause ro be painted, in durable, large, legible Characters, over the outward Door of

each and every Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault, and other Place, by him, her, or

them, respectively made use of for the making or keeping of British-made Spirituous Liquors, the Words

DiJUlkr, Reftifier, or Compounder of Spirituous Liquors (as the Cafe may be); upon Pain of forfeiting, for

every such Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, which, from and after

the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand (even hundred and seventy-nine, shall be so made use

of by such Maker, Distiller, Re&ifier, or Compounder, without having the said Words so painted a*

aforesaid, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person who shall either

make, distil, rcdlify, or compound, any British-made Spirituous Liquors for Sale, or who shall fell ordeal

in any Sort of Spirituous Liquors, shall receive or buy, or procure or employ any Person to receive or

buy for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Use, any British-made Spirituous Liquors (except at

the public Sales of such British-made Spirituous Liquors as have been condemned, and are fold under the

Direction of the Commissioners of Excise), of any Person or Persons other than a Maker, Distiller, Rec-

tifier, or Compounder of Spirituous Liquors for Sale, over the outward Door of whose Stillhouse, Store-

house, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place by him, her, or them respectively made use of

for the making or keeping of British-made Spirituous Liquors, shall be painted, as aforesaid, the Words

Disitiler, Reftifier, or Compounder of Spirituous Liquors, as the Cafe may be ; every such Person so ofFemh

ing shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

4 VIII. And, for the more effectual Discovery of such Offenders,* be it further enacted by the Autho-

rity aforesaid, That the offending Party or Parties, whether Buyer or Seller of such British-mzde Spirituous

Liquors, who shall first discover and inform against the other of the said Parties, shall, in every such Cafe;

be, and he is hereby declared discharged and acquitted of and from all Penalties and Forfeitures, which, at

the Time of such Information given, he might be liable for or by reason of such his own Offence.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ifi any Person whatever, other thair

such as shall have duly made Entry of all the Places by him, her, or them respectively made use of for

making or keeping of British made spirituous Liquors, shall paint, or cause to be painted, over the Dooff

of any Place to them respectively belonging, the Words DisUller, Reftifier, or Compounder of Spirituous

Liquors, or either of them, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds,

and shall also be subject to the several Penalties and Forfeitures to which Persons making or distilling Spi-

rituous Liquors for Sale, without making Entry, are now subject unto.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities,

Rules, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which, in and by an Act

made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An Act for taking away the

Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling

a Revenue upon his Majesty in Lieu thereof, or by any other Law now in Force relating to his Majestys

Revenue upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing,

managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the

Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detedling, and punishing Frauds relating thereto

(not otherwise altered by this Act), shall be txercifed, pra£tifed, applied, and imposed, levied, recovered,

and put in Execution, for the securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, miti-

gating-, and adjudging, ascertaining, and recovering, the Duties and Penalties herein mentioned and di-

rected, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing, Frauds relating thereto, as fully and efte&ually, to

all Intents and Purposes, as if all ami every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Method?*

Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again ena&e-i

in the Body of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Me-

thods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, or mitigated, by any Law

or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty *s Court9

of Record at Westminster,* or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively ; and that one Moiety of

every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and SuccdTors, and the other

Moiety to him, her, or them, who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same-

CAP. LL

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences ro be taken om by all Per-

fons letting Horses to Hire for travelling, in the Manner therein mentioned ; and certain

Duties on all Horses let to Hire for the Purposes of travelling Poll, and by Time; and!

upon certain Carriages therein mentioned.

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

( TX J E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

4 VV assembled, towards raising by the most easy Means the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’g

* public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several

^and respective DutUshereia-after mentioned 5 and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be.

* 4 cna-cledf

