A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo-Georgii III. C-35*

after the said tenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred Sand eighty, uriless the Entry of the fame Salt

at Exportation be made for some Port or Place in the Isle of Man, any other Law or Statute to the contrary

in anywifo notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any

Time or Times, be sued, moleiled, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in

pirrfuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, qr Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall

and may plead the General Blue,.and give the special Matter in Evidence for his and their Defence; and

if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant of Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall

become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them

against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAR XXXV.

An Act for granting to' his Majesty additional Duties ilpon Malt, and upon Low Wines

and Spirits made for home Consumptiod, and upon foreign Spirits imported into Great

Britain, and upon the Produce of the said several Duties •, and for granting a Duty on

Licences to be taken out by all Persons trading in, vending, or felling of, Coffee, Tea,

or Chocolate.

c Most Gracious Sovereign,

*,117 E, your Majesty’s most dutiful jmd loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, In Par-

4 \ V liarrient assembled, being desirous, by the most easy and effectual Ways and Means, to raise the

* ntcciTary Supplies for defraying your Majesty’s public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to

4 give and grant, and by this Act do give and grant unto your Majesty, the several Duties herein-after

. 4 mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a(sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

‘ from and after the thirtieth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there shall be raised,

levied, collectecf, paid and satisfied, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for

, and upon all Malt, the Rates, Duties, and Malt Impositions, herein-after mentioned ; that is to say,

For and upon every Bushel of Malt which at any Time or Times shall be made of Barley, or any other

Corn or Grain, within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon

Tweedy by any Person or Persons whomsoever, whether the fame shall be or not be for Sale, the Sum of

six Pence, and so proportionably for any greater or less Quantity ; to be paid by the Maker or Makers

thereof respectively, over and above all other Rates, Djuties, and Impositions, charged or chargeable there-

upon, or that may be payable for the fame :

And for and upon every Bushel of Malt, which at any Time or Times shall be made of Barley, or

any other Corn or Grain, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotlandy by any Person or Persons

whatsoever, whether the fame shall be or not be for Sale, the Sum of three Pence, and so proportion-

ably for any .greater or less Quantity ; to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively, over and

above all other Rates, Duties, and Impositions, charged or chargeable thereupon, or that may be payable

for the fame: ,

And for and upon every Bushel of Malt which at any Time or Times shall be brought from Scotland

into England, I Tales y or the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy the Sum of three Pence, and so proportionably

for any greater or less Quantity ; over and above the Duty herein-before granted upon Malt made in Scot-

landy and all other Rates, Duties, and Impositions, charged or chargeable thereupon, or that may be pay-

able for the fame.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall also be raised, levied, col-

. lested, paid and satisfied, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon

every Bushel of Malt, whether ground or unground, made of Barley, or of any other Corn or Grain, be-

longing to any MaJtfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Distiller, Inn-

keeper, Victualler, or Vinegar-maker, either in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or in the Custody

or Possession of any other Person or Persons whatever in Trull for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or

their Use, Benefit, or Account, upon the said thirtieth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and

eighty, the Sum of six Pence, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of

Berwick upon Tweedy and the Sum of three Pence in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlandy and so pro-

portionably for any greater or lefTer Quantity; to be paid by the Person or Persons respectively possessed

of such Malt, over and above all other Rates, Duties, and Impositions, charged or chargeable thereupon,

, or that may be payable for the fame.

III. Provided always. That the said additional Duty, hereby directed to be imposed, raised, and satis-

fied to his Majesty on the said Malt, which shall be in the Possession of any such Persons as are herein-

before described, on the said thirtieth Day of May, shall be col lested and paid in Manner following; that

• is to say, one third Part thereof on the thirtieth Day of June, one other third Part thereof on the thirty-

fi ft Day of July, and the remaining third Part thereof on the thirtieth Day of August, one thousand seven

hundred and eighty.

4 B 2 « IV. And

551

left the fame wu

entered for forr.e

Port in the said

Island,

Persons pro ft-

coted in execut-

ing this Act>,

may plead the

General IlTue,

and recover

Treble Costs,

Preamble.

After Miy 30,

1780, the foK

lowing addition*

al Duties to be

laid on Malt;

videlicet,

6 d. per BuAel

on all Malt made

in England,

Wales, or Ber-

wick ;

3d. per BuAel on

all Malt made in

Scotland;

and 3d. per

BuAel on all

Malt imported

from Scotland

into England,dec.

6d. per BuAel to

be paid by Malt-

fterr. Retailers

of Malt, dec. for

the Stock of

Malt in Hand on

May 30, 1780,

in England and

and Wales; 3d.

per BuAel in

Scotland t

To be paid in

three separate

Payments.

