A. D. 1779, Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

C. 10.

3t9

fit.

Person* puilty of

running Gi ods, t

and coi.r Cted ia

a Penalty not

exc-eding 40 I.

may be levied a>

Soldi?!-*, in lieu

of all legal Pe-

nalties.

Bailiffs Follow-

ers, Sec.not deem-

ed to exercise any

Employ tnenU

Tons within the said Description, and for bringing them before the Commissioners at any future Times and Places a*

and Places appointed by the Justices and Commissioners as aforesaid, during the Continuance of this (M1 be thou8ht

AdL

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Commissioners, or any

three or more of them, in their respective Places and Stations, shall be, and are hereby authorised and

impowered to raise and levy, or cause to be raised and levied, to serve his M?jifty as a Soldier (at

any 7'ime or Times during the Continuance of this Act, within their respective Limits and Jurisdictions,

and subject to the several Rules and Regulations herein specified for the railing and levying Per suns who

have no lawful Trade or Employment), all able-bodied Persons who (lull be guilty of illegal landing,

tunning, unshipping, concealing* receiving, or carrying, prohibited Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, or

any foreign Goods liable to the Payment of the Duties of Customs or Excise, the fame Duties not having

been paid or secured, or of aiding of afTifting therein, and shall be thereof con\idled, before one or moie

of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence was committed, in any

Penalty not exceeding Forty Pounds, in lieu of such Penalty, or any Punishment to which such Person

may be liable by any Law now in Force.

XVIII. And be it further enacted. That ho Bailiff’s Follower or Assistance, employed or belonging to

any Sheriff, Bailiff of Liberties, Marshalsea Court, or any other Person or Persons that shall be so em-

ployed by any one that shall have the Power of executing any Warrant or Process whatsoever, shall be

deemed thereby to follow or exercise any Calling or Employment, or to have a sufficient Support and Main-

tenance, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

4 XIX. And whereas by an Act of the seventeenth Year of King Georgd the Second (intituled, An Act Perfom conrift-

4 to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to RdgUes^ Vagabondsr, arid other idle and disorderly Pci Jens, cd of *rav,nB

* and to Houses of Correction\ the Justices in Sessions ate required to adjudge all Persons, convicted of run- ^*r»raUe on

4 hing away from and leaving their Families chargeable upon the Parish, incorrigible Rogues, and toad- the^lriffi, may

4 judge them to suffer the Punishments allotted under the said Act to incorrigible Roguefcbe it hereby

enacted. That the said Justices in Session shall be impowered, instead of the said Punishments allotted to

such Persons convicted of running away from and leaving their Families chargeable upon the Parish as

aforesaid, to enlist the said Persons, and to deliver them to some Officer impowered to receive Recruits un-

der this Act; and such Persons shall have the Articles of War read to them, fend shall be deemed enlisted to

all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always. That such Persons do not lie under any Disqualifi-

cation of Sickness or Inability recited in this Act; and the said Officer shall, upon the Receipt of every

such Person so convicted, pay to the said Justices, for the Use of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish

upon which the said Person shall have left his Family chargeable, the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XX. And be rt further enacted, That any Justice or Justices of the Peace may, upon his or their own VH«n-

Knowledge, or Information upon Oath, where any able-bodied Man or Men, within the Description of formation, &c.

this Act, is or are to be found, ifl’ue a Warrant to the Constable or other Parish or Town Officer, or to *hfre any *b,c“

any other Person or Persons, for apprehending such Man or Men; and the Constable, or other Parish or

Town Officer, or other Person or Persons, upon the Receipt of such Warrant, is and are hereby required

to apprehend such Man or Men, and such Man or Men. shall be secured and inlisted in the Manner herein

directed in relation to other Persons apprehended in pursuance of this Act: And where any Man shall be

apprehended and inlisted in Consequence of such Information as aforesaid, the Whole of the twenty Shil-

lings, by this Act directed to be paid by the Officer to whom such Man shall be delivered in pursuance of

this Act, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Petfon shall be inlisted by the said Commis- Able-bodied

sioners, by virtue of this Act, who is not such an able-bodied Man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free ^lc"onb tob€

from Ruptures, and every other Distemper, or bodily Weakness or Infirmity, which may render him unfit ,n 1 CJ>

to perform the Dyity Of a Soldier; and that no Man be inlisted for his Majesty’s Service by virtue of this

Act, who shall appear* In the Opinion of the Commissioners, or Officer or Officers appointed to receive

such Men, to be under the Age of sixteen Years, or above the Age of fifty, or who, being under the Age

of Eighteen Years, shall be under the Size of five Feet three Inches, without Shoes, or being above the

Age of eighteen, shall be under the Size of five Feet four Inches, without Shoes.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That this Act shall not extend to the impressing any'

Person to serve as a Soldier or as a Seaman, who shall make it appear, to the Satisfaction of the Commis-

sioners then present, that he hath any Vote in the Elediion of any Member or Members to serve

in Parliament, for any County, City, Borough, Town, Port, or Place, within the Kingdom of Great

Britain.

XXIII. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens and After the second

Overseers of the Poor, Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, and other Officers, of any Parish or

Township, or any of them, at any Time after the said second Meeting of the said Commissioners, having

a proper Warrant or Precept as aforesaid, to search for and apprehend -all or any such Person or Persons as

they, or any of them, shall find, or shall appear to them to be within the Description of this Act, and to

secure such Persons (in case they shall think it necessary) in the Gaol or House of Correction, or other

proper Place of Security, of the County, Town, or Place, where such Persons shall be apprehended, and

With all convenient Speed to bring such Person or Persons before one or more of the Justices of the Peace

of the County, Shire, Stewartry, City, Riding, Liberty, dr Place, within which he or they shall have cncm oc

been so apprehended, to be examined ; and if the said Justice or Justices shall judge the Person or Persons, ju'iice

so brought before him or them, to be within the Description of this AdV, it shall in that Cafe be lawful for . who may cem-

the said Justice or Justices to commit such Person or Persons as aforesaid (in case they shall think it necef-v ^ nil

fary); and the Keeper of such Gaol or House of Correction, or other proper Place of Security, as aforesaid,

shall receive such Person or Persons without Fee or Reward, and the Parish Officers shall allow such

Tea Keeper,

be enlisted by

the Joltices, Scc«

Officer* receiv-

ing any such

Person to pay

40 s. for the Uffl

of the Qvcr-

seers.

Justices, on In-

bodied Men are

to be found, may

issue a Wairant

for apprehending

them*

and none under

16, nor above

50 Year* of

Age, c.

No Person to be

imprelfed who

hath a Vote for

Member of par-

liament.

Meeting of the

Coin mifTione»,

Parish officers

may starch for

and fecuie such

Person* as come

within the De-

fciiption of this

Act, and convey

them before a

the next Meet-

ing of the Com-

milhonexs, Stc.

