1278

Persons ob-

stru^ing the

Execution of

this Ac>f to

forfeit 101,

which may be

levied by

Distress.

Voteri for Mem-

bers of Parlia-

ment not liable

to be lifted.

Kb Military

Officer may be a

Commissioner.

Limitation of

Afriom.

General Issue,

'Treble Cofti.

Ko Soldier of

Marine to be

discharged with-

out a Certificate

from his Colo-

nel, Sec.

of which a Du-

plicate to be

transmitted to

the Secretary at

War.

Officer breaking

this >Order to be

cashieredr

IlnprefTed Men/

after 5 Year*

Service, to be

discharged, if

they demand it.

Clerks to be re-

warded for their

Trouble in

Wanfmitting

Duplicator, Sec.

His Majesty,

when a sufficient

Number of Men

Hull be raised,

may, by Procla-

mation, See. fuf-

perfd the Execu-

tion of this A&;

or may suspend

or inforce it in

any County or

Place.

Persons em-

ployed in the

Execution of this

Afr, exempted

from the Penal-

tiea of Afls

»5 Car. 11.

x GviU Sc Mar,

and 1 3 Sc 14

Gul. Ill,

C. 53. Anno decimo cxSiavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever

shall wilfully do any Act or Thing whereby the Execution of this Act, in the searching for, taking, and

securing, such able-bodied Men as aforesaid, shall be hindered or frustrated, every such Person (haJI, for

every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, to the Use of the Informer or Informers;

and all and every such Offences may be enquired of, l\eard, and finally determined, by any two or more of

his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, dwelling in or near the Place where such Offence shall he committed ;

Who have hereby Power to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods

and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owners; and if the Oftendeis have no Goods and

Chattels sufficient to an fiver the said Penalty, then to commit him or her to the County Gaol or House of

Correction, thereto remain for the Space of three Months, without Bail or Mainprize.

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, 'That this Act shall not extend to the taking or le-

vying any Person to ferveas a Soldier, who shall make it appear, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners

then present, that he hath any Vote rn the Election of any Member or Members to serve in Parliament, ia

any County, City, Borough, Town, Port, or Place, within the Kingdom of Great Britain.

XXVIII. And it is hereby enacted, That no Person who, at the Time of the Execution of this Act,

shall have any Military Office or Employment in Great Britain (other than in the Militia), shall pxecute

any Power or Authority by this A61 given to Commissioners as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Plaint, Suit, or In-

formation, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for what he or they shall do in

pursuance or Execution of this Act, the fame shall be commenced within six Months after the Offence

committed; and such Person or Persons so sued, in any Court whatsoever, shall and may plead the Gene-

ral I flue, Not Guilty, and upon any Issue joined, may give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence {

and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer a Discon-

tinuance, or if a Verdict pass against him, the Defendant shall recover Treble Costs; for which they shall

have the like Remedy as in any Cafe where Costs by the Law are given to Defendants.

‘ XXX. And, for the better obviating such Frauds and Abuses as may be practised in difeharei^g of

1 Soldiers/ it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no private Soldier, who shall be

duly lifteddnto his Majesty's Service by virtue of this Act (during the Time such Soldier shall remain in

Great Britainj, shall be discharged from his Majesty’s Service, without the Chhfcn: of the Colonel, or, in

his Absence, the Field Officer commanding in Chief the Regiment,‘firft had and obtained in Writing.under

their Hands and Seals for that Ptirpose 5 in which Writing the Cause of his Discharge shall be expressed,

and a Duplicate or Copy of every such Discharge forthwith transmitted to the Secretary at War, to be by

him kept and entered in a Book; or if a Marine, without the Consent of the Lord High Admiral, or the

Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, first had and obtained; and any Officer that shall pre-

fume to discharge any Soldier inlisted pursuant to this Act, in any other Manner contrary to this A£t>

shall, for such Offence, be cafbiered.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That every Person who shall be impressed upon this

Act, after he shall have continued in the Military Scivice of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during

the Space of fi^e Years, shall be at Liberty, if he think fir, to demand his Discharge from the Colonel, or,

in his Absence, the Officer Commanding the Regiment or Company to which he shall belong, unless the

Nation shall be then engaged in a War, and in that Cafe such Person shall remain in Service during the

Continuance of War; and such Discharge shall be granted to him gratis, in Writing under the Hand of

such Colonel or Officer, who is hereby empowered and required to give the fame accordingly, any Thing

herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Clerks to the said Commissioners, provided

the said Copies or Duplicates be duly transmitted into the Office of the Admiralty, or Secretary at War,

'as aforesaid, shall have and receive, by the Hands of the Paymasters of his Molly’s Land Forces and Ma-

rines, or one of them, such Rewards as the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury /or

the Time being, upon Consideration of the Numbers of Men lifted in the feveial Counties, Cities, Bo-

roughs, or other Places, and the Pains and Charges of the several Clerks in this Service, shall juJge the

said Clerks severally and respectively to deserve.

XXXIII. Provided always. That his Majesty, when he shall be satisfied, by the said Returns of the

Commissioners, or otherwise, that a sufficient Number of Recruits in the Whole shall be raised for his pre-

sent Service, may be graciously pleased to Impend or flop the further Execution of this Act, by Proclama-

tion or Order in Council, or other public Notice in the London Gazette 5 any Thing herein contained to

the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Provided also, That his Majesty, when he dial] judge it expedient for his Service, may at any

Time suspend or enforce the Execution of this Act, in any County or Place of Great Britain, by Notice

from his Majesty’s Secretary at War; any Thing herein contained ro the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner,

Churchwarden, Overseer, Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or other Parish or Town Officer, who

shall be employed in the Execution of this Act, shall be liable, for or by reason of such Execution, to any

of the Penalties mentioned in an Act, made in the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the

Second, For preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants; or in one other Act, made in the

first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Alary (intituled, An Atl for abrogating the Oaths of Al-

legiance and Supremacy, and appointing other Oaths); or in one other Act, made in the Parliament holden in

the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of the laie King William the Third (intituled, An Atl for

the further Security of his Majestys Perform and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line \ and for the

extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of VV ales, and all other Pretenderr, and thtir open and secret

Abettors.)

XXXVI. Provided

