A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii IlL C. 7.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, who

shall be nominated and appointed Agent or Agents for any Prize or Prizes which shall be taken by virtue

of this A&, and which Prize or Prizes shall be condemned in the High Court of Admiralty in Great Bri-

tain, or in any other of the Courts of Admiralty in any of hb Majesty’s Dominions where the said Prize

and Prizes, and every of them, shall be condemned, mall exhibit, and cause to be registered, in the said

High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain^ or in the respective Courts of Admiralty in any other of his

Majesty’s Dominions, or elsewhere, where the said Prize and Prizes, and every of them, shall be con',

dcmned, his or their respective Letter or Letters of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents

for the Purposes aforesaid: And if any Person or Persons so appointed Agent or Agents, as aforesaid, shall

refuse or neglect so to do, for the Space of six Calendar Months next after Sentence of Condemnation of

any Prize shall be given in the said High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, or other Admiralty Court

in any of his Majesty’s Dominions, for the Care and Distribution of which he or they shall be appointed

Agent or Agents; such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred

Pounds, to be recovered by him or them who will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or

Information, in any Court of Record in Great Britain, or elsewhere; in which no Effoih, Protection,

Wager of Law* or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Agent or

Agents shall be appointed after the Time any Sentence of Condemnation, in any of the said Courts of Ad-

miralty, shall be given, such Agent or Agents shall, under the aforesaid Penalty, register, or cause to be

registered, in Manner aforesaid, his or their respective Letter or Letters of Attorney, appointing him or

them Agent or Agents, as aforesaid, within the Space of six Calendar Months after the Date of the said

Letter or Letters of Attorney.

XIV. Provided always, and be it declareJ and enacted by the Authority aforesaid,. That nothing-herein

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, or exempt any Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchan-

dize, which shall be taken as Prize, and brought or imported into this Kingdom, or any of his Majesty’s

Dominions, from the Payment of any Customs or Duties, or from being subject to such Restrictions and

Regulations to which the fame now are, or shall hereafter be liable by virtue of the Laws and Statutes of

this Realm.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Regulations and Provisions

expressed and contained in the above-recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, and all Clauses, Provi-

des, Matters, and Things therein expressed and contained, shall be applied, and made use of, for effec-

tually carrying this present Act into Execution, so far as the said Regulations and Provisions, Clauses,

Provides, Matters, and Things contained in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, relate to, or in

anywise concern, the Condemnation, or other Determination of Prizes, and the Proceedings thereupon,

and also the Appraisements and Sales of Prizes, and Payment of Prize-money, and likewise the Penalties

and Forfeitures to which the Judges and Officers of the Admiralty Courts, and also the Agents for Piizcs,.

and Embezcllers of any Part or Parts of Prizes, and all Officers of his Majesty’s Customs,. are thereby

respectively made subject and liable, and shall (so far as the Nature and Circumstances of their respective

Cafes will admit of) extend to, and be construed, deemed, and taken, in all Courts of Admiralty, and all*

other Courts whatsoever, to be in Force, with respect to all such Prize and Prizes as shall be seized and

taken by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes,.

as if the like Regulations, Provisions, Clauses,- Provisoes, Matters, and Things, were herein particularly^

repeated and enacted.

4 XVI. And, asa further Encouragement to the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others, on

4 Board his Majesty’s Ships of War, as also of Ships to be commissioned under the Regulations of this Act,

4- to attack, take, and destroy, any Ships of Force belonging to the said Coloniesbe k enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid by the Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy, upon Bills to be

made forth by the Commissioners of the Navy, to be paid accord ng to the Course thereof, without Fee or

Reward, u» to the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, or others, that shall be actually on Board any of

his Majesty’s Ships of War, or Merchant Ship or Ships letained in his Majesty’s Service, to be commis-

honed as aforesaid, in any Action where any Ship or Ships of War, or Privaieer or Privateers, shall be

taken from the Rebels, funk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, five

Pounds for every Man who was living on Board any Ship or Ships so takcrv, funk, burnt, or otherwise

destroyed, at the Beginning of the Engagement between them; the Numbers of such Men to be proved by

the Oaths of three or more of the chief Officers or Men who were belonging to the said Ship or Ships of

War, or Privateers of the Rebel5, or belonging to any of them, at the Time of her or their being taken as

Prize, funk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, before the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of the Port,

within any of his Majesty’s Dominions, whereunto any Prize, or Officers, or Men, of such Ships as

were funk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall.be brought; or before the British Confid or Vice-confu),

refilling at any Port abroad to which such Prize, or Officers, or Men, shall be brought; which Oaths the

said Mayo*, or other Chief Magistrate of any such Port, or Consul or Vice-consul, are hereby respectively*

impowered and required to administer; and shall forthwith grant a Certificate thereof, without Fee or-

Reward, directed to the Commissioners of h’13 Majesty’s Navy, together with an authentick Copy of they'

Condemnation of such Ship so taken; or if such Ship be funk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, on pro-

ducing only a Certificate from the Mayor, or other Chief Magistrate, or Consul or Vice-confuly as afore--

Lid, the said Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that:

Purpose, shall, according to the Course of the Navy, within fifteen Days, make out Bills for the Amount-'

of such Bounty, direcded to the Tieafurer of the Navy, payable to, and to be divided amongst, the Officers,

Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, on Board his Majesty’s Ships of War, in Manner, Form, and Propor-

tion! as, by his Majesty’s P1 xlamation, the Payment of Prize-money is directed and appointed, to be di-

9 vided

15

Agents (hill

register their

Letters of At-

torney within

six Months after

Sentence of

Condemnation,.

or forfeit 500 U.

Proviso.

Ships and Mer*

chandizr taken

not to

be ere trip ted

from Pajment’

of Cuiioms, .&c«

Certain Clausea-

iim6 Geo. III.

Cap. >5. to be

applied in cre-

diting thiiA&J-

Treasurer of thfcr:

Navy to pay to

the Officers,

Seamen, See. oni

board any of his

Majesty’a Ships

of War, or any -

comruiflioned

Ships, who fhalU

take any Ship

of War, Sec

from the Rebels

5 I for ev-ry

M*n on board

such Ship,

Mfnnrr of <3i<

\i sing thew

Bounty,.

