The TITLES of the STATUTES.

called England* for one Year, beginning the twenty-

fifth Day of March, one thousand (even hundred and

eighty-

15. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the

twelfth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Art

for amending and rendering more effectual an Art, made in

the tenth Tear of his Majestys Reign, intituled, 4 An Art

4 for building a new Parish Churchy and declaring the pre-

c f nt Parish Church a Chapel \ for making a Ccemetery, or

4 Church-yard; and for building an House for the use of

4 the Minister of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone* tn

* the County of Ivliddlesex;* as Empowers the Vestrymen

of the said Parish to build a Church upon a certain

Parcel of Ground, in the said Parish, belonging to Henry

William Portman Esquire, heretofore Parcel of a certain

Close, called The Fifteen Acres.

16. An Act for raising a certain Suit* of Money by way of

Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

17. An Act to remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters

at County EleSions.

18. An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the

ninetenth Year of the Reign of Henry the Seventh, or

of any other Acts which prohibit the exporting, carry-

ing, or conveying. Coin out of thi9 Realm into Ireland j

and so much of certain Acts, made in Great Britain,

•which prohibit the Importation of Foreign Hpps into

Ireland, and which take off the Drawback upon Hops

exported from Great Britain to Ireland; and to allow

the Importation into, and Exportation from, Ireland,

of such Goods as may be imported into, or exported from,

Great Britain, by the Merchants of England trading to

the Levant Seas.

19. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the better

securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty’s Subjects to

and from the Ea/i Indies, and for the more cffeSual pre-

venting all his Majesty’s Subjects trading thither under

Foreign Commissions ; to the importing Salt from Europe

into the Province of Quebec in America ; to the permit*

ting the free importation of Raw Goat Skins into this

Kingdom ; to the allowing the Exportation of certain

Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Ma-

jesty’s Sugar Colonies in America 5 and to the permitting

the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this King-

dom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the

IVfI Indies.

30. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen

to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on Board

Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels.

at. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual two

Acts, passed in the tenth and eleventh Years of his pre-

sent Majesty’s Reign, for better supplying the City of

Worcester, and the Liberties thereof with Water, and

for the .better paving and lighting the said City, and for

removing and preventing all Objlrurtions and Annoyances

rtherein.

t2i An Act for the better Government and Regulation of

the Poor, in the Town and Parish of Maidstone, in the

County of Kent.

13. An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of

* Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of

Seamen* and the morefpeedy and eff'ertual manning his Ma-

- jelly s Navy, and for making further Provisions for those

Purposes.

24. An Act for converting into Money the Statute Labour,

in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, for the Purpose of re-

pairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries* within tho

laid Sf'*vva: try.

25. An Act fur repealing the Duties payable upon Pot and

Pearl Allies, Wood and Weed Allies, imported into

4*

Great Britain,*and for granting cthqr Duties in lieu

thereof, for a limited l ime.

26. Ait AS for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the

Harbour of Aberyjhvyth, in the County of Cardigan.

27. An Act for building a Bridge across the River Wye,

between Whitney and Clifford, in the County of Hercm

ford.

28. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional

Duties on Advertisements; and certain Duties on Re-

ceipts for Legacies, or for any Share of aPersonal Estate

divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the

* Customof any Province or Place.

29. An Act to proteS Goods or Merchandise, of the

Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the Blands of

Grenada and the Grenadines, on Board Neutral Vessels

bound to Neutral Ports, during the present Hostilities.

39. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional

Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this

Kingdom.

31. An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of

British Corn and Grain, in Ships the Property of Per-

fons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his ^Majesty.

32. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in

the twentieth Year of his late Majesty King George the

Second, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames

from the Parish of Walton upon Thames, in the County

of Surrey, to Shepperton, in the County of Middlesex.

33. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the

seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act to repeal an Art, made in the twelfth

Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled,

4 The Ma/hr of the Rolls impowered to make Leases for

4 Years, in order to new-build the old Houjis belonging to

4 the Rolls J and for the better regulating the Method.of

granting Leafs of the said Rolls Estate for the future;

and-for making Compenjation to the Earl of Macclesfield*

- and Sir Thomas Sewell, for their beneficial Rights and In-

terejls in certain Leases made of the Rolls Estate p and for

regulating the Method of making Leases of the said Estate

for the future. ' :

34. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties

upon Salt; and for regulating the Exportation of Sale

to the Isle of Man*

35. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties

upon Malt, and upon Low Wines and Spirits made for

home Consumption, and upon foreign Spirits imported

into Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said

several Duties; and for granting a Duty on Lioences to

be taken out by all Persons trading in, vending, or fell-

ing of, Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate.

36. An Act for obviating Doubts, touching the binding

and receiving of poor Children Apprentices, in purfu-*

anceof several Acts of Parliament made for the Relief

of the Poor within particular incorporated Hundreds or

DistriSs; and for ascertaining the Settlement of Bastard

Children born in the Houses of Indufby within such

Hundreds or DistriSs.

37. An Act to continue for a limited Time, ft much of

an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the

more easy and better recruiting his Majesty $ Land Forces

and Marines^ as relates to the Encouragement of Vo-

lunteers.

38. An Act to vest certain Meffiiages, Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing

his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth and

SJoeernefi and for better defending the Passage of the

River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort.

$<). An Act to admit to an Entry in this Kingdom, under

certain RcftriSkms* Tobacco imported not direSly from

the

