3*4-

S-ats for the

Rector and War-

dens to be re-

served.

Rents of Pew*

to be entered in

a Book.

Rents of Seat*

to be paid half-

yearly s

On Failure'

thereof, how to

be recovered,

Wardens to pay

Salaries to Mi-

ni Her, fee. to

provide B no Its,

Bread and Wine,

tec. for the Sa-

crament, and to

repair the

Chutcb,

If Salaries are

not paid within

to Days after

our, how they

tnay be reco-

vered.

Not more thin

Half a Year’s

Arrears t . be re-

cover^ from

furceeding War-

dens.

Wardens to keep

On Account of

Receipts and

Dilbuif:rr.ents ;

and to arcount

and prv the

p'os Money to

Mr, Ror, Sec,

C. 7. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.-

the Pews or Seats in the said Church or Chapel shall and may be let or sold to such Persons as the said

Charles Rie, his Heirs or Assigns, shall from Time to Time think proper.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, That the Pew or Seat in the Body of the said Church or Chapel, marked

or numbeied with the Figures 61, shall belong to, and be the Property of, the M nifter or Curate of the

said Church or Chapel fur the Time being; and the Pew or Seat in the Body of the said Church or Cha-

pel, marked or numbered with the Figures 74, shall belong to, and be the Propertyof, the Church or

Chapel Wardens of the said Church or Chapel for the Time being.

XV. Provided always, that the several Rents to be fixed and ascertained for and upon every such Pew

or Seat to be let as aforesaid, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and subscribed by

the said Church or Chapel Wardens for the Time being.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Rents to be reserved and made payable to the said Church

or Chapel Wardens, and the said Charles Rce, his Heirs and Assigns, lefpedlively, for the Pews or Seats

in the said Church or Chapel, shall be paid by two equal half-yearly Payments; that is to say, at Christ-

mas, and Midsummer; and in case the Rent of any such Pew or Seat shall happen to be behind and unpaid

by the Space of thirty Days next after the fame shall become due, then the Church or Chapel Wardens

for the Time being, and the said Charles Roe> his Heirs or Assigns, respectively, shall and may either enter

upon such Pew or Seat, Pews or Seats, and let and dispose of the fame to any other Person or Persons, or

else may sue for and recover the Rent so in Arrear by Action of Debt, or by Action upon the Cafe, for the

Use and Occupation of such Pew or Seat, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or

within the said County Palatine of Chester.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That for the Maintenance of the Minister or Curate, for the Time

being, of the said Church or Chapel, the Person or Persons, who shall be respectively appointed to act

as Church or Chapel Wardens thereof, for the Time being, in pursuance of this Act, and their Succef-

fors, shall, by and out of the Rents of the Pews or Seats so veiled in them as aforesaid, yearly and every

Year well and truly pay, or cause to be paid, to such Minister or Curate, and his Successors, for the

Time being, the Sum of one hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, without any Deduc-

tion or Abatement whatsoever, for Taxes or otherwise, by even and equal Portions, at the Fearts of thr

Nativity of our Saviour Christ, and Saint John the Bapti/l9 the first Payment thereof to be made at and

upon the Feast Day of the Nativity of our Saviour Christ, which shall happen next after the Confecratioti

of the said Church or Chapel; and the said Church or Chapel Wardens shall also pay to the Clerk, Or-

ganift, Sexton, and other necessary Officers and Attendants of the said Church or Chapel, for the Time

being, their respective Salaries or Stipends, and likewise furnfth Books and Surplices, provide Bread and

Win ’ for the Holy Eucharist, with other Things proper and necessary, and support and keep in Repair the

said Church or Chapel, and the Yard thereof, with the Walls, Gates, and other Appurtenances thereto,

and also the Organ, Clock, Bells, and other Things, to the said Church or Chapel appertaining, or to

appertain, and to do and perform all other Matters whatsoever which may be necessary or expedient for

and concerning the Management, Support, and good Order, of the said Church or Chapel.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Default shall be made in the Payment of the said yearly

Sum of one hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof, to the said Minister or Curate for the Time being,

as aforesaid, or of the Salaries or Stipends to the said Clerk, Organist, Sexton, or other necessary Officers

or Attendants of the said Church or Chapel, for the Time being, by the Space of thirty Days next after

any of the Days of Payment whereon the fame ought to be paid, then it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said Minister or Curate, Clerk, Organist, Sexton, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, their

Executors and Administrators respectively, to sue for and recover the fame, with full Costs of Suit against

such Church or Chapel Warden or Wardens for the Time being, and his and their Successors, by Action

of Debt, or upon the Cafe, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or within the said

County Palatine of Chester, wherein no Eilbin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager uf Law, or more than

one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIX. Provided always, That no Arrears of the said yearly Sum of one hundred Pounds, or of any of the

Salaries or Stipends as aforesaid, to be had and recovered against any succeeding Church or Chapel War-

den or Wardens, which shall have accrued in the Time of his or their PredccelTors, {lull exceed in the

Whole one half-yearly Payment of the said yearly Sum of one hundred Pounds, or of the said yearly

Salaries or Stipends respe<Bively; and that every Action for the Recovery thereof be commenced against

such succeeding Church or Chapel Warden or Wardens, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next

after his or their first entering upon, and being sworn into, the said Office of Church or Chapel Warden

or Wardens.

XX. And be it further enacted, That such Person and Persons so to be respectively nominated and ap-

pointed to act as Church or Chjpcl Wardens as aforesaid, for the Time being, (lull, and he and they

is and are hereby respectively required and enjoined to keep true and perfect Entries, in a proper

Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, of all and every Sum and Sums of Money by him or them

received on Account of the Rents of the said Pews or Seats so veiled in them as aforesaid, or otherwise,

and of all and every Sum and Sums of Money by them ifl jed and paid, and of all Debts and Credits due

or owing to them, in pursuance of this Act, which Books and Accounts shall and may be inspected at all

convenient Times by the said Charles Roe, his Heirs ami Ailigns; and the said Church or Chapel War-

dens, or the Survivor r f them, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administraters of such Survivor, shall, at

the Expiration of the Time for which they shall be appointed Church or Chapel Wardens as a-orci.uJ,

or within twenty Days after, account to and with the said Charles Roey his Htirs and Ailigns; anJ in case

any Su ph s Money, arising by or fr*<in the Rents of the said Pews or Seats, shall remain in the Hands of

the said Chinch or Chapel Wardens, after P-ym nr and D fburfement of the several Salaiies or Surras

herein-bifuie directed to be iilued and paid t hereout, unto and for the Minister or Curate, Clerk, Orgamfr,

Ji\9

