A. D. 1780.

Anno vicesimo Geo Ron III:

C. 35-

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Common Brewer, or other

Person or Persons who brew Beer or Ale, and fell or tap out the fame, publicly or privately, shall, by

himself or themselves, or by his or their Agent or Agents, at any Time after the End of four Months after

he or they shall have paid the Duties for any Beer or Ale by him or them brewed after the said thirtieth

Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, produce to, and leave with, the Collector of Excise

of the County, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, where the Beer or Ale, for which the Allowances are by this

Act directed to be made, was brewed, and where the Duties were paid for the fame, a Certificate or Cer-

tificates from the Officer who received the said Duties, that the Duties charged or chargeable upon the said

Beer or Ale have been actually paid, and that the fame Beer or Ale was brewed since the said thirtieth

Day of May^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty (which Certificate the said Officer is hereby re-

quired to give gratis) ; then, and in every such Cafe, the said Collector shall, out of the Monies arising

from the Duties by this Act imposed upon Malt, forthwith pay to the Person producing the said Certificate,

for every Barrel of Beer or Ale mentioned therein, the respective Allowances by this Act in such Cafe

directed to be made 5 and in Cafe the said Collector shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands, arising

by the Duty by this Act imposed upon Malt, to pay the fame, then the respective Commissioners for the

said Duty are hereby required to pay the said Allowances out of the said Duty upon Malt arising by this

Ad; and if at any Time it shall happen that the said respective Commissioners shall not have in their

Hands Monies, arising by the said Duty, sufficient to pay the said Allowances, then and in every such

Cafe the said respective Commissioners shall pay the said Allowances out of any Monies then in their

Hands.

VI LI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Sum or

Sums of Money shall be so paid by the respective Commissioners, shall be replaced to the Fund or Funds

from which the fame was borrowed, out of the first Monies that shall arise and be received from and upon

Account of the Duty on Malt by this Act imposed, in Preference to all other Payments whatever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the thirtieth Day of

AIay, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his

Majesty, his Heirs and Succefi’ors, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the several Kinds of

Spirituous Liquors herein-after mentioned, specified, and enumerated, which shall be made in Great Bri-

tain for Home Consumption, or imported into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, over and above

all Duties, Charges, and Impositions, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament thereupon respectively

set, rated, and imposed, the several additional Rates and Duties of Excise herein after mentioned and cx-

pressed; that is to say,

For every Gallon of Low Wines and Spirits of the first Extradion, made or drawn in Great Britain, for

Home Consumption, from any Sort of Drink or Wash, brewed or made from any Sort of Malt or Corn,

or from Brewers Wash or Tilts, or any Mixture with such Brewers Wash or Tilts, to be paid by the

Distillers or Makers thereof, one Penny :

or Coro, or Brewers Wash, &c.

For every Gallon of Strong Waters, or Aqua Vita, made for Sale, for Home Consumption, of the Ma-

terials aforesaid, or any of them, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, three Pence :

made of the Materials aforesaid.

For every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits, of the first Extradion, made or drawn in Great Britain^ for

Home Consumption, from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith, to be paid by

the Distillers or Makers thereof, three Pence :

from foreign Materials, See.

For every Gallon of Spirits, made or drawn in Great Britain, for Home Consumption, from any foreign

or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, two

. Pence:

For every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits, of the first Extradion, made or drawn, for Home Con-

fumption, from Cyder, or any Sort or Kind of British Materials (except those before mentioned), or any

Mixture therewith, to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, one Penny three Farthings:

made from Cyder, See. id. 3 q«

For every Gallon of Spirits, made for Sale, for Home Consumption, from Cyder, or any Sort or Kind

* of British Materials (except those before mentioned), to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof, two

Pence:

For every Gallon of Single Brandy Spirits, or Aqua Vita, imported into Great Britain from beyond the

Seas, to be paid by the Importer before landing, one Shilling :

For every Gallon of Brandy Spirits, or Aqua Vita> above Proof, commonly called Double Brandy,

imported into Great Britain from beyond the Seas, to be paid by the Importer before landing, two

Shillings.

‘ X. And, for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, raising, levying, and securing, the additional

c Rates and Duties by this Act imposed on the said Spirituous Liquors, and preventing Frauds therein/

be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That such of the said Rates and Duties by this Act

granted, as are charged upon Spirituous Liquors made and manufiftured in, or imported into, England\

Walcsy-or Berwick upon Tweedy shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners of Ex-

cife in England for the Time being; and such of the said Rates and Duties as are imposed by this Act

upon Spirituous Liquors made and manufactured, or imported into Scotland, shall be under the Receipt and

2 Management

553

Cofeftion Brew*

«rt, four Months

after payment of

the Dudes for

any Beer or Ale

brewed after

May 30, 17&V

on producing a

Certificate there-

of to the Collec*

for of Excise,

fha.ll be forth-

with paid the

Allowances be-

fore mentioned*

Monies borrowed

from any other

Fund to pay the

aforesaid Allow-

ances, how to be

replaced*.

After May 30^

I780, the fol-

lowing addition-

al Duties to be

laid on Spiritu-

ous Liquors made

in Great Britain

for Home Con-

fumption, or im-

ported from a-

broad; videlicet,.

Low Wine* oc

Spirits of the

fiift Extraction,

made from Malt

x d. per Gallons

Strong Watery,

or Aqua Vitae,

3d. per Gallon f.

Low Wines or

Spirits of the first

Extraction, made

3d. per Galinas

Spirits, made of

the aforesaid Ma-

terials, ad; per

Gallons

Low Wines or

Spirits of the

first Extraction,

per Gallon:

Spirits, made

from Cyder, Scc*

ad. per Gallont

Single Brandy,

Sce, imported,

it. per Gallon!

Double Brandy,

a I. per Gallon*

Duties on Srritl

made in, or im-

ported into, Eng*

land, Sec. to be

under the Ma-

nagement of the

Commissionera

of Excise in

England;

and those madf

