T

A

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of

Georgs III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 18 Georgii III.

/k N Act for continuing an A&, made in the last

Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act! to cm-

JL \ fount his Majtly to fecsere and detain Persons

charged with, or suspefied of the Crime of High Treason,

committed in any of his Majesty*s Colonies or Plantations in

America, or on the High Seas% or the Crime of Piracy.

O. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight.

3* An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty cer-

tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for

the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-eight.

4* An Act for punishine Mutiny and Defection ; and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

5. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine

Forces while on Shore.

6. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen

to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board

Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

7. An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the

County of fPigton.

8. An Act to enable his Majesty to license a Theatre in

the City of Bristol.

9. An Act for taking down the Parish Church of Lifford,

being a Vicarage united to the Redory of Achurck, in

the County of Northampton ; and for repairing the Parish

Church of Achurch aforesaid; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned. v

10. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers

of an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of

King George the Second, for building a Bridge over the

River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy’s terry 5 and

for moling) repairing* and widening Roads from thence

into the Great Roads at Snarefbrohk, id (be Count# tf

Essex, and at Chtptori, in the County gfMiddlesexS

11. An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the fourteenth

Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An A Af

for the better regulating the Government tf the Province tf

the Massachusets Bay rx New England.

1 a. An Act for removing all Doubts and Anprehcnfions

Chncernhig Taxation by the Parliament of Great Britain

m any of the Colonies, Provinces, and Plantation* in

North America and the IVtf Indies ; and for repealing so

much of an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Rdgn

of his present Majesty, as imposes a Duty on Tea im-

ported from Great Britain into any Colony or Plantation

m America, or relates thereto.

13. An Act to enable his Majesty to appoint Commission-

ers with sufficient Powers to treat, consult, and atiree

upon the Means of quieting the Disorders now fubfitung

in certain of the Colonies, Plantations, and Provinces

of North America.

14. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-

fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-eight; and for filling up Vacancies in the Mi-

litia, in the Cafes therein mentioned.

15. An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with

respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods

in this Kingdom.

16. An Act for blowing the Exportation of certain Quan-

tities of Wheat-flour, Biscuit, and Pease, to Neivfound-

land, Neva Scotia, Bay Chaletcr, and Labrador.

17. An Act for building an additional Jail, and also a Pri-

son and House of Corredion, within the County of

Cornwall; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

18. An Act to explain an Act, passed in the seventh Year

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

intituled, An Act for the more efl'eflual preventing the

forging the Acceptance of Bills of Exchange j or the Numbers

c 2 of

