174

Th’« Act not to

.rcftra n any

Koval Procla-

mation to be

made pursuant to

an Act 13 Geo.

II.

Preamble,

Trustees,

Penalty on aft-

ing if AOt quali-

fied,

Division of the

County into two

Districts.

Meetings of

Trustees.

Five Trnftees

may adjourn,

&c.

Proviso relating

lo Adj urn-

mejiia.

Trustees in each

District to be

forn;ftie<i wi:h

the Valuation of

each Parish;

and shall make

up exact Lift* of

the Valuation of

•veiy PcfTtliion

of Land 3

C. 7. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A. D. 1778.

fourty at least of the Mariners or Seamen so employed, be at all Times Natives, or his Majesty*s na-

turalized Subjects of Great Britain (sudden Death and Hazard and Casualties of War, and the Seas,

fayed and excepted), one A ft of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation )9

or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away1 or redrain theEfieft

of any such Royal Proclamation, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, are impowered to make by

virtue of an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign (intituled. An Act for the better

Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to ferue in his Majestys Ships of Wary and on Board Merchant Ships and

other Trading Ships and Privateers). ' '

- CAP. VII.

An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Wigton.

4 TT/^HERE AS the Powers granted by Law in Scotland relative to Highways and Bridges, and the

4 W Services and Work, and Monies, which are thereby authorised to be exacted and levied, have

4 been found by Experience inefficient to amend, keep in Repair, and make the Roads and Bridges

4 necessary within the County of Wigton, and that other and further Powers are requisite to be given to

4 the Heritors and Jurtices of the Peace of the said County, effectually to carry the Intention of the said

4 Laws into Execution; and as this cannot be obtained without the Aid of Parliament;* may it therefore

please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament artembled, and by the Authority of the same. That every Person who is at present, or here-

after shall be, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment, asr

Proprietor or Life-renter, of Lands lying within the said County of Wigton, as valued in the 1 ax-roll or

Valuation Books for the said County, to the Extent of one hundred Pounds Scots per Annum; and all and

every the eldest Sons of such Persons, being Heirs of said Property, and also the Sheriff-depute of the said

County for the Time being, and the chief residing Magistrate of every Royal Borough within the said

County, during his Magistracy only, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees

and Commissioners for making, repairing, widening and keeping in Repair, the Highways, Roads, and

Bridges within the said County, and for executing all other the Powers by this Act to them given and

granted.

II. Provided always, That if any Person not qualified as aforesaid shall presume to act as a Trustee,

every such Person shall, for such acting, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds Sterling, besides the Expence of

Prosecution; to be recovered by Complaint in a summary Way, at the Suit of any Heritor within the

said County, before the Tuftices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or before the Sheriff-depute of the

said County, or his Substitute, which Penalty shall be paid to the Trustees aforesaid, to be by them ap-

plied for repairing the said Roads ; and in case any such Complaint shall be made, the Proof of Qualifica-

tion shall lie upon the Defendant.

4 III. And, for the more eafv and effectual Execution of this Act, and of the Powers herein-after

4 granted,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said County be divided into two Districts;

one District to consist of the several Parishes within the said County in the Presbytery of Wigton, and the

other District to consist of the other Parishes within the said County in the Presbytery of Stranraer; and

the aforesaid Trtiftees or Commissioners shall hold their first Meeting in the Town-hall of IVigton^ the

second Tuesday of June next at Mid-day, in order to concert and give the properest Instructions for car-

rying this Act into Execution ; and thereafter the said Trustees or Commissioners, within the District in

which their Lands respectively do lie, or any five or more of them, shall annually hold a Meeting at

JVigton the first Tuesday of October^ and at Stranraer the first Friday of October, at Mid-day, declaring five

Trustees by this Act to be a Quorum, with Power to them, or the Majority of those present, at said fixed

(or other District) Meetings, to adjourn to such other Times and Places within each District respectively

as they may judge proper, and with Power also to choose a Prefes and Clerk, and to make such Appoint-

ments and give such Directions as to them the Trustees for each District separately shall seem proper; and

the said Trustees or Commissioners shall have Power to act in any one of the said Dill rifts, whether re-

dding therein or not, provided they have the Qualification therein required by this Act; and the said

Trustees shall at all their different Meetings pay and defray their own Expences.

IV. Provided always. That where the Number present at the said fixed District Meetings, or other

Meetings called or appointed by Adjournment, shall not amount to five Trustees, and that three Trustees

present shall think fit to adjourn the Meeting, then, and in that Cafe, ten Days previous Notice of the

Day and Purpose of the adjourned Meeting (which shall be to the same Place) mall be given in Manner

herein-after mentioned: And provided also, that any three Trustees may, at any Time, call a District:

Meeting upon ten Days Notice thereof, and of the Purpose and Business of such Meeting, and the Clerk

shall, in such Cafes, always intimate by circular Letters, to the Trustees residentin the District for which

the Meeting is called, the Day and Purpose of such Meeting.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Trustees, or any five or more

of them, at their said first Meeting, the second Tuesday of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

eight, or at any subsequent District Meetings, shall have Power, and they are hereby required to call for

Copies or Extracts of the Tax Roll, or Valuation Lift of the Lands, in the several Parishes within each

of the said two Districts, and which Copies and Extracts, duly attested, the Collector of the Land Tax

in the said County is hereby directed to furnifti them wiih ; and therefrom the said Trustees shall make,

for the foie Use and Purpose of this Act, exact Lifts of the valued Rent of every Person’s Foiieffon in

every

