500

and iSOeo.ni,

Cap. Jf.

Lord Lieute-

nants impowered

to accept ef Vo-

lunteer Con.

panics, and to

appoint Ofioera

therein*

Sack Companies

to be intitled to

the fame P»y,

Ac. at the other

Militia Forces.

Aofmented Re-

giments not to

be made two

Battalions.

Volunteer Com-

panies to be sub-

jest to all the

laws. Regula-

tions, Ac. now

In Force relating

to the Militia;

and to be re-

duced when the

Militia dull be

djfembodied,dtc.

Contiaewaef

this Act.

C. 77, 78. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1779.

€ railing and training thi Militia within that Part of Great Britain catted England j it is, amongst other

4 Things, enacted, That the Number of Private Men to be raised, by virtue of the said Act, in that Part

4 of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, {hail con-

4 fill of the Numbers therein particularly mentioned: And whereas, in the present Situation of public

4 Affairs, it is highly necessary and expedient that the Number of the Militia Forces should be augmented :

4 And whereas by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled. An Act to amend and render

4 more effectual the Laws relating to the railing and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain

4 calledEngland; and to eftahhjh certain Regulations with respefi to Officers serving in the Corps of Fesuible

4 Men directed to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other Corps therein men-

4 tioned, it is enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty’s Lieutenants to authorise

4 the Acceptance of any Number of Volunteer* in any Regiment 6r Battalion of Militia, and to ap-

4 point Officers to command such Volunteers, provided the Number of fitch Volunteers does not exceed

4 the Complement of any one Company in any fitch Regiment or Battalion : And whereas it may be ex-

4 pedient further to extend the Provisions of the said Act with refbed to the railing Volunteer Companies.

4 in the Militia Forces of this Kingdom be it therefore enabled by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre-

fern Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the passing of this A&,

if any Person or Persons, properly qualified according to the Laws now in Force, shall offer to his Majesty’a

Lieutenant of any County to raise one or more Company or Companies to be added to the Regiment or

Battaliofi of any County or Riding, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty’s Lieutenant to accept such

Offers, and to appoint such Officers accordingly ; and shall certify to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

the Names and Rattles of such Officers, within one Month after they shall be so appointed; and in case his

Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall, within one Month after such Certificate laid before his Majesty, his

Heirs or Successors* ligntly his or their Disapprobation of any Person to be fitch Officer in the Militia, his

Majesty’* Lieutenant shall not grant a Commission to such Person, but shall grant Commissions to such

Persons so appointed who shall not be disapproved of by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as aforesaid ;

and on the Certificate of his -Majesty’s Lieutenant, or of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or

Battalion to which such Company or Companies shall he annexed, that such Company or Companies are

ideally raised, such Company or Companies shall be intitled to the fame Allowance of Bounty, Subsist-

ence Money, Arms, and Clothing, as the rest of his Majesty’s Militia Forces in this Kingdom.

II. And be it enacted, That when any fitch Companies of Volunteers shall be added to any Regiment,

such Addition shall not make it necessary to separate such Regiment into two Battalions, but such Regiment

shall remain and continue one Regiment.

III. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every the several Laws, and all

the Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, ClaUfesy Matters, and Things therein contained, and now

in Force, or which shall be passed in this Session of Parliament, relative to the raising, training, paying,

clothing, embodying, and calling out, the Militia, shall be applied, practised, and put in Execution, with

respect to the additional Volunteer Companies by this Act direided to be raised, in as.full and ample Man-

ner as if the said several Laws, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things,

were herein again at large repeated and rc-enacted in the Body of this present Act ; save and except so far

as the fame are altered by any Provisions contained in thirAd.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Volunteer Companies which (half

be raised in pursuance of this Act, mall be reduced and dissolved whenever the Militia of the Counties,

Ridings, and Places, in which such Companies shall be raised, shall be disembodied, or at such earlier Pe-

riod as his Majesty shall signify his Pleasure to reduce such Companies.

V. And be ft further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this Act shall be and continue in Force

until the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and no longer.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown

from James Gildart and his Sureties, and for veiling the Estates of the said James Gildart in Francis

Gildart and Thomas Gildart ; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

44 Preamble reciting several Bonds entered into by James Gildart, and his Sureties. A Writ of Extent

44 issued by the Court of Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury impowered to compound with Fran-

44 cis Gildart and Thomas Gildart, for the Money remaining due to the Crown from James Gildart, as

44 Receiver-general of the Land Tax, &c- for Loncashire, or from his Sureties. All the Estates, both real

44 and personal, which James Gildart was possessed of or intitled to at the filing out of the Extent; and also

44 the Estates which were devised as aforesaid by Richard Gildart, are veiled in Francis Gildart and Thomas

44 Gildart 5 subject to the Payment of the Composition herein mentioned for the Debts aforesaid. Upon

44 Payment of the Composition above-mentioned, or giving Security for the fame, the said Estates to be

44 absolutely veiled in them and their Heirs, freed from all Debts due from James Gildart to the Crown,

41 and from the Bonds entered into by his Sureties. Francis Gildart and Thomas Gildart impowered to

44 bring Actions for recovering Possession of Premises, &c. After Payment of, or giving Security for,

44 the Composition herein mentioned, the aforesaid Estates veiled in Francis and Thomas Gildart, and any

44 Estate which James Gildart may hereafter acquire, and also his several Sureties, are freed and dischargei

4< of the aforesaid Debts due to the Crown* General Saving.”

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, passed in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

for building a Temporary Bridge over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and

Gateshead, in the County of Durham5 for completing the new Stone Bridge over the said River; and

for making the Avenues to, and the Palftge over the lame more commodious.

