A. D. 1779* Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C. 59. 439

where ; and the Person or Persons so fucd or prosecuted, may plead the General I flue, and give this Act,* Genera] issue.

and the special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pur-

fuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action,

Suit, or Information, shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be

brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or

Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or fufter a Discontinuance of his, her,

or their Action, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if in any

such Action, Suit, or Information^Tudgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant

or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Treble Costs.

Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences E,pcnccj of thii

incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid out of the nrft Monies which Act how to be

shall be collected or received by virtue of the said former Acts or this present Act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That this A ft shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public Public Act.

Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, are hereby required to take Notice thereof

as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for repealing the Duties on all inhabited Houses, imposed by an Act made in the

last Session of Parliament, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties upon all inhabited

Houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said Act ; and also for amending so much

of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as impoles

a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein men-

tioned.

*117 HERE AS, by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled. An Act for granting

4 VV iQ his Majesty certain Duties upon all inhabited Houses within the Kingdom of Great Britain, certain

4 yearly Rates and Duties were granted upon all inhabited Houses within the Kingdom of Great Britain,

4 to be paid by the Occupiers thereof ; (that is to say) a Duty of Sixpence in the Pound on all Dwelling-

4 houses, with the Household Offices therewith occupied, worth the yearly Rent of five Pounds, and

4 under the yearly Rent of fifty Pounds; and of one Shilling in the Pound on all Dwelling-houses,

4 with the Household Offices therewith occupied, worth the yearly Rent of fifty Pounds and upwards;

4 to be estimated and ascertained in Manner therein expressed: And whereas the said Kates and Duties

4 do not bear a proper Proportion to each other, and the Payment thereof hath been greatly evaded;’

we, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

assembled, do therefore think that it will be for the Advantage of the Public to repeal the present

Rates and Duties on inhabited Houses, and to grant unto your Majesty the several new Rates and Du-

ties on inhabited Houses herein-after mentioned, to be applied to the Uses and Purposes which the said

Rates and Duties, granted by the above-mentioned Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, are now

applicable unto; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem,-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from

and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand (even hundred and seventy-nine, the Rates and Duties

granted by the Act, made rn the last Session of Parliament, intituled. An Act for granting to his Majesty

certain Duties upon all inhabited Houses within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall cease, determine, .and be

no longer paid or payable, except only such Monies as shall have become due in respect of the said Rates

and Duties, assessed at any Time on or before the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred ahd

seventy-nine, and which shall be in Arrear and unpaid.

* II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That; from and after the said fifth Day of

July* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, there shall be charged, raised, levied, and paid, unto

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Rates and Duties upon all inhabited

Houses, with their Appurtenances, herein-after mentioned, by the Occupiers thereof respectively ; (that

is to say) Upon and for every Dwelling-house inhabited, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and

Gardens, as herein-after expressed, therewith occupied, which now are, or hereafter shall be, erected

within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and which are, or for the Time being shall he, worth the yearly

Rent of five Pounds and upwards, and under the yearly Rent of twenty Pounds, the yearly Sum of Six-

pence in the Pound ; and upon and for every Dwelling-house inhabited, together with the Offices, Courts,

Yards, and Gardens, as herein-after expressed, therewith occupied, which now are, or* hereafter shall be,

erected within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and which are, or for the Time being shall be, worth the

yearly Rent of twenty rounds and upwards, and under the yearly Rent of forty Pounds, the yearly Sum

of Nine-pence in the Pound ; and upon and for every Dwelling-house inhabited, together with the Offices,

Courts. Yards, and Gardens, as herein-after expressed, therewith occupied, which now are, or hereafter

shall be, erected within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and which are, or for the Time being shall be,

worth the yearly Rent of forty Pounds and upwards, the yearly Sum of one Shilling in the Pound, to be

estimated and ascertained in the Manner in the said Act and this present Act expressed.

III. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid. That, in all Parishes and Places

where the Afliffiments were made for three Quarters of a Year, from the fifth Day of July, one thousand

• Lila seven

Preamble.

Recital of 18

Geo. 111. Cap.

a6.

After July {•

1779,ihc Du-

ties granted by

the recited A

to cease.

New Duties to

be paid; vide,

licet.

For all Inhabited

Dwelling-

hot’fes, drc. from

5 1. to 101, a

Year, 6d. in the

Pound j

from sol. to

40 1., 9 d. in

the Pound 5

and for all at

40 1. a Year,

and upwards,

I r. in the

Pound.

Where the Af-

feflfraents foi the

former Rates

