S41

A. D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. C. 27.

taken to be a County Bridge, or to subject the County of Hereford to the repairing, amending, or (up-

porting the fame 5 any Law or Statute to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

‘ X. And, in order the better to enable the said Undertakers, their Heirs and Assigns, to defray the

c Expence of building and supporting the said Bridge be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That as soon as the said Bridge shall be made fit for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, it shall and

may be lawful for the said Undertakers, their Heirs and Assigns, or such Person or Persons as they shall

by Writing under their Hands and Seals appoint, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to de-

mand, coll eft; and receive^ to and for the onjy proper Use and Behoof of the said Undertakers, their

Heirs and Assigns, before any Person on Foot, or any Horses, Cattle,1 or Carriages shall be permitted to

pass over the said Bridge, such Tolls as they the said Undertakers, their Heirs or Assigns, shall think proper,

not exceeding1 the respective Sums fallowing; (that is’to say) }

For every Foot Passenger, the Sum of one Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Ox, or other Beast, drawing any Carriage, the Sum of three Pence :

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of one

Penny:

For every Score of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of ten Pence ; and so in Proportion for any

greater or less Number:

And for every Score of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of five Pence} and so in Proportion

for any greater or less Number:

Which said respective Tolls shall be, and are hereby vested in the said Undertakers* their Heir* and Af-

ligns, and shall be paid to them accordingly; and if any Person liable to pay the said Tolls shall, after

Demand made thereof by the said Undertakers, their Heirs or Assigns, or any of them, or any Person or

Persons to be appointed the Collector thereof as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to pay the fame, that then,

and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful for such Collector or Collectors to (lop and prevent the

Passage of the Person so refusing or neglecting, or of the Hotfes, Cattle, or Carriages, for which such Tolls

ought to be paid, until full Payment be made thereof.

XL Provided always. That no Toll shall be demanded or taken, by virtue of this Act, for or in respect

of any Soldiers on Foot, or of any Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March, or upon

Duty ; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage

of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any lick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if anV Person shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse

or other Beast, from any Carriage, before the fame shall pass through the Gate or Turnpike to be erected

at or upon the said Bridge, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the Tolls hereby granted ; or shall forcibly

pass through any such Gate or Turnpike without having paid the said Tolls; or mall assault, interrupt, or

obstruct any Person employed in the Collection of the said Tolls; or if the Owner or Occupier of any

Lands or Grounds shall suffer any Person to pass through the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the

Tolls hereby granted shall be evaded, every Person offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall, for every

such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings, for the Use of the said Undertakers, their Heirs and A(-

signs ; and in case such Forfeiture be not forthwith paid, the fame shall, upon Proof of the Offences re-

foeftively before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Hereford, either by the Confession of the

Party or Parties, or by the Oath of one credible Witness (which Oath such Justice is hefeby impowered

to administer), be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or

Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant or

Warrants such Justice is hereby impowered to grant), and the Overplus, after such Forfeiture, and

the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner

6r Owners of such Goods and Chattels. • V4

f XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Bridge shall at any Time become impassable or

tJfrfafe for Travellers and Carriages, it shall and may be lawful for the said Undertakers, their Heirs or

Assigns, and they are hereby required, during all such Time as the said Bridge shall be imoaffable or un-

safe as aforesaid, to provide a proper and convenient Ferry for the Passage of Travellers, Horses, Cattle,

and Carriages over the said River, as near to the said Bridge as conveniently may be; and it shall and

may be lawful for the said Undertakers, their Heirs or Assigns, or their Collector or Collectors of the

Tolls, to demand, collect, and receive, for the Passage of such Travellers, Horses, Cattle, and Carriages,

in the said Ferry, before the fame shall be permitted to pass, the like Tolls as are hereby authorised to

be taken for passing over the said Bridge.

4 XIV. And whereas it is agreed, that theCompensation to be made for the said Ferry should be ascertained

4 by a Jury, to be impannelled for that Purpose as herein-after mentioned ;* be it therefore enacted by the

Authority aforesaid. That after the said Bridge shall be made fit for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages

as aforesaid, the said Tomkyns Dew, or the Lord of the said Minors for the Time being, shall, and is here-

by required to cause twenty Days Notice, at the lead, to be given to the said Undertakers, their Heirs or

Assigns, or to one of them, purporting, that the Compensation to be made for the said Ferry will be af-

eertained and awarded by a Jury, at (ome General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the said

County, within four Calendar Months next after the said Bridge shall be made fit for the Passage of Tra-

vellers and Carriages as aforesaid, to be mentioned in such Notice; and the Justices at such Session, or the

Adjournment thereof, upon Application made to them by the said Tomkyns Dew, or the Lord of the said

Manors for the Time being, and upon Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, shall, and

are hereby authorised and required to charge a Jury to be impannelled and returned by the Sheriff of the

Vol. XIII. Part IV. 4 A said

Undertaken to-

thorifed to col-

let* Tolls,

The Tolls.

Tolli veiled in

Undertakers.

Exemptions

from Toll.

Penalty on evad-

ing the Tolls.

Ferry to be pro-

vided, in case

the Bridge shall

become impaff-

able.

The Compenfa-

tion to be made

for the Ferry,

to be ascertained

by a Jury.

boogie

