6o8

C. 65,

Anno vicesimo Georg n III,

A»D. 1780*

Cortf tobe award-

ed not to exceed

6 f. 10 d.

Penalty on tak-

ing ar.y 1-xger

I'CCS,

A printed^able of which appointed Fees, shall from Time to Time be hunjj up, by the Clerk of the

said Court, in some conspicuous Part of every Court or Place where the faicj Commissioners {hall meet, to

the End that all Persons may fee, read, and know the fame.

XVI. And be it further enacted. That no Costs to be given, awarded, or allowed, by the said Commis-

sioners, in any Cafe whatsoever, shall exceed the Sum of six Shillings ant} ten Pence; nor shall there be

awarded or allowed any other or greater Fees where the cause is against several Defendants, than if such

Cause had been against one Defendant only (Fees for Copies and Service of any Prpcefs, Rule, or Order,

only excepted).

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk, or any Officer of the said Court, shall take or

demand any greater Fees or Reward than what (nail be directed and appointed by the said Commissioners

as aforesaid, for their respective Services in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall, for

every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, tior less than

twenty Shillings, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall assess and impose, one

Moiety whereof to be paid over to the Person or Persons from whom such greater Fees or Reward {hall

have been taken, and the other Moiety thereof to the Churchwardens or Overfecrj of the Poor, for the

Support and Maintenance of the Poor of the Township where such Person or Persons paying such greater

Fees or Reward shall reside ; and upon Failure of Payment of the Fine or Fines which {fiall be so assessed

and imposed, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby required and impowered

to commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction within the said Weft Riding, there to-

remain for any Time not*exceeding forty Days, unless he or they shall sooner pay the said Fine or Fines

so imposed as aforesaid, in which Cafe he or they are forthwith to b? discharged out of Custody; and if

upon Complaint made by any Person or Person?, upon Oath in open Court, of any Misbehaviour or Ne-

gleft of Duty of any Clerk or other Officer to be appointed by virtue of this Act, the said Commissioners-

then fitting in Court shall enquire into the Nature of the said Complaint; and if it shall appear to be

well founded, then such Commissioners, or the major Part of them so fitting in Court as aforesaid, are

hereby directed and required to give Notice, by Advertisement in the Newspapers printed atZrWr, and by

Notice immediately after Divine Service in all the Parish Churches within the Jurisdiction of the said Cou;t

of Requests, that a Meeting will be held at some convenient Place in Bradford aforesaid, upon a certain.

Day therein to be mentioned, and which shall not be less than eight Days, nor more than fourteen Days*

after such Notice shall be given, to examine into the Merits of such Complaint; and if it shall appear to

such Commissioners as shall then meet, or the major Part of them then present, that such Clerk or other

Officer hath been guilty of any Neglect of Duty, or Misbehaviour, in his or their Office, that then it.

shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present as aforesaid, to suspen4

or remove such Clerk or other Officer from his said Office.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the said Court of Requefb appointed by this-

Act, and also all other Clerks of the said Court of Requests thenafter to be appointed, shall, and is and

are hereby impowered and required to issue out and register all Summonses, Warrants, Precepts, Acts,

Orders, Judgments, Decrees, Executions, and Proceedings of the said Court, and shall provide and keep

propef Books, wherein shall be entered and registered all Acts, Orders, Judgments, Decrees, and Pro-

ceedings of the said Court; and the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being is hereby impowered

from Time to Time, as he shall think proper, to appoint a Deputy or Deputies to act for him in the.

Execution of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Court, or the

major Part of them, who shall be fitting and acting in Court on the next Court-day after the Death, Re- ,

moval, or Resignation, of any Clerk appointed, or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, or so soon as

the fame is publicly known, to give Notice thereof, by Advertisement in one or more of the said News-

papers ; and shall thereby appoint a certain Time, which shall not be less than eight Days, nor more-

than fourteen Days, after such Advertisement being inserted, for the Commissioners to meet at some con-

venient Place in Bradford aforesaid ; and such Commissioners at such Meeting, or the major Part of them,

then present, are authorised and required to elect another Person in the Room of the said Clerk so dying

or reiigning, or being removed as aforesaid, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act contained.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners,

and they are hereby required, upon the said twenty-sixth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and

eighty, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve in the Morning of that Day, to meet at the King's Arms in

Bradford aforesaid ; and which Commissioners at such Meeting, or the major Part of them then present,

are hereby authorised and required to nominate, coqtraft, and agree with proper Persons, upon such Terms

and Conditions as they shall think reasonable and most proper to answer and fulfil the several Ends and

Purposes of this Act, to feive the several Offices of Beadle and Gaoler of the said Court of Requests, during

such Time as they shall rerpeftively behave well, so as that such Beadle shall not have more than fifty

Pounds a Year, nor the Gaoler more than twenty Pounds a Year, for their respective Services.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That upon the Death or Resignation of.

the Beadle or Gaoler, or either of them, the then Clerk of the said Court shall, and is hereby impowered

r.ader incaf-of an^ required to nominate and appoint another Person in the Room of, such Beadle or Gaoler so dying or

Fcath or Rtfife- resigning, with a Salary or Reward in Proportion to that of such Beadle or Gaoler so dying or reiign-

ing, until another shall be elected by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, who shall be

assembled at the first Court which shall be held at Bradford aforesaid ; and in case of the Removal of any

such Beadle or Gaoler, the Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, shall cleft and appoint

a proper Person in the Room of such Beadle or Gaoler so removed, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act

contained, and so from Time to Time upon every such Vacancy of the said Office of Beadle or Gaoler,

(or ever.

XXIL And

CompVnt being

niide of Neglect

of Duty in the

Civile, Sec.

ft Meeting it to

be ca.lcd 3

•nd If the Clerk,

Sec. it found

guilty, he may

be fulpenied or

removed.

The Clerk*

Duty*

Power to appoint

• D puty.

OnDetth or Re-

f gnat ion of

Clerk,

another to be

elcfted.

Commissioner* to

sp- o"nt a Beadle

end Gaoler, with

Salaries,

CVtk nr.sy ap-

point a tempo-

rary Beadle or

ration, &c.

