Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1780.

P. 37> 3*« 557

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to compel any Person to NoPerson cow-

take any such poor Child Apprentice as aforefiiid, unless such Person shall be an Inhabitant and Occupier pdluble 10 take*

of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Parish to which such Child belongs; and that all Bastard poor Child a?-

Children born or to be born in the House of Industry within any such incorporated Hundred or District, prentice,except

fli4.Il be deemed to belong to the Parish or Place where the Mother of such Bastard Child was legally biunV&c^f"

settled. the Parish.

Bastard s born in Houses of Industry to belong to the Mother’* Parijfc,

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, so much of an Act, made in the last Session of

Parliament, for the more easy and better recruiting his Majesifs Land Forces and Marines,

as relates to the Encouragement of Volunteers.

’ WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing Preamble.

c W an Act* tnade in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, “ An Act for the more easy ana better Rceiul of r* ,

recruiting of his Majesty s Land Forces and Marinesand for substituiing other and more effectual Provisions Geo I^ClP'‘«

4 itr the Place thereof \ to continue in Force until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and

c eighty, and no longer; and it is found expedient, that so much of the said Act, as relates to the

x Encouragement of Volunteers, should be continued \* be it therefore enacted by the King's most Ex-

cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Provisions, SomBchofthe

Clatifes, Matters, and Things, in the said Act contained, so far as the fame relate to the Encouragement JelatwtotheEn-

of Volunteers to inlist in his Majesty's Service, and the several Privileges, Immunities, and Advantages couragement of"

therein given and granted to such Volunteers, their Wives and Families, and also to the Time for which Volunteer* to in-

such Volunteers shall be inlisted; and also all Provisions relating to the entering the Names, Descriptions, Mft in hi* Mi-

ami Terms of Service, of every such Volunteer, in the public Book of the Regiment or Company to if*’* Service*

which he shall belong, on his being inlisted or draughted, shall be, and the fame are hereby declared to

be, continued from the said first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, until the first Day ,7ga. 7

of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next

Session of Parliament, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were

repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to veil certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees,

for the better securing his Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Plymouth and Sheernefs\

and for better defending the Pafiage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort.

WHEREAS, by reason of the hostile Intentions of the Courts of France and Spain to invade these P

Realms, and of the great Preparations made in the said Kingdoms for that Purpose, it is become

4 absolutely necessary, for the present and future Protection and Security, as Well of his Majesty's Dock,

4 Ships of War, and Stores, at Plymouth and Sheernfs, as of the Pafiage of the River Thames at Gravesend

and Tilbury Fort, to erect and raise additional Fortifications and Tntrenchments near the fame: And

4 whereas the Lands herein-after mentioned, lying near the said Docks of Plymouth and Sheerness, and also

4 near the Pafiage of the River Thames at or near Gravesend and Tilbury Fort aforesaid, are wanted for the

4 Purpose of being made use of to erect and raise such Fortifications and Intrenchments: And whereas

4 many of the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, necessary to be

€ purchased, may insist on large and extravagant Demands for the Purchafeof such Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments, or for the Damage and Injury they may pretend that they shall sustain by reason

4 of such Fortifications and Intrenchments: And whereas many Persons may pretend or claim to have

4 Title to the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so that it may be doubtful to whom a Com-

4 pensation ought to be made, which cannot be determined without the Aid of Parliament: To the End

therefore that the true and real Value of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, may be afeer-

4 tained, and the actual and real Owners and Proprietors may have a just and reasonable Satisfaction for

4 such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or for any Claim or Right thereto 5 may it please your

Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, determined by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, called or

known by the Name of Mount P leaf ant, containing by Estimation fix Acres, be the fame more or less,

situate, lying, and being in the Panfti of Stoke Damerell, in the County of Devon, and all Tenements and

.Hereditaments thereto belonging, now or late in the Tenure or Occupation of Matthew Dixon, John

SpurrelL and Samuel Pyke; and also all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, containing by Estimation (even

Acres, be the fame more or less, situate, lying, and being near the Manor Pound in the Parish of Stoke

Damerell, in the said County of Devon, together with a Stone Pound thereon erected, and all Tenements

and Hereditaments to the said Piece or Parcel of Ground belonging or appertaining, now or late In the Te-

nure or Occupation of Nicholas Farr, Orlando Lockyery and Richard Vtvyan lVilltford\ and also all that

Piece or Parcel of Ground, containing by Estimation seven Acres, be the fame more or less, situate.

Vox.* XIII. Part IV. 4C lying.

Certain Parcdb

of Ground, and

Tenement*

thereunto be-

longing, situate

near Fl/mouth

