8

Expends of

Turfing poor

Chilfirea hew to

be paid.

Trusters may

contrail for

nursing ChiU

dree.

Monies, Furni-

ture, &c. veiled

in Trustees,

Tcnal-f on Per-

son« buying or

receiving in

Pawn any

Clothes, See. be-

longing t*> «he

*Wo JchotPe.

Jf Penalty not

paid, may be le-

vied by iiiftre/s.

Penalty on Fer-

ions conveying

Spirituous Li-

quors iniu toe

IVoikhouse.

How Judies to

proceed lor Con-

vifl on ct Ul-

fenders.

C. 3. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777^

vious Notice being given in one of the public Daily Newspapers, and also on the principal Door of the

said Parish Churchy of the Time and Place of making such Coritraft 5 and the said Trustees, or any five

or more of them, shall pay or order the Payment of the Monies due or to become due upon such Contrafts

and Agreements, to the Person or Persons intitled to receive the same, our of the Monies to be raised and

coIFfted by Authority of this Act.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of any poor Child or Children of the said Parish,

which shall be necessary to be sent into the Country or other Place to nurse, or for their Clothes or Main-

tenance, together with the Expence of their Conveyance, shall be paid out of the Monies arising by virtue

of this Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall and may,

and they are hereby impowered to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the nursing, main-

taining, and keeping such Child and Children; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall

put them out, or otherwise provide for them, and take such Order for the Care of and providing for the

said Children, as they, or any five or more of them, shall think proper.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies raised and collected, and all Fixtures, Furniture,

and other Things, bought or provided for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, shall be, and the fame

are hereby verted in the said Trustees, and their Successors, for the Purposes of this Act; who are hereby

impov/ered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, or to prefer, or order the preferring

of any Hills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall steal or carry away* any or any Part of

such Things; the Property of which said Monies and Things shall be laid in every such Action and In-

distment to be the Property of The Trustees of Islington Poor; and every Action and Indictment so laid shall

be held good in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly buy or receive into

Pawn any of the Clothes or Wearing Apparel, or any of the Victuals or Provisions of any of the Poor

who shall be maintained, clothed, or victualled in the Workhouse of the said Parish, or who shall know-

ingly buy or receive into Pawn any of the Goods or Materials carried into the said Workhouse, or any

other House or Place, in order to be wrought up, manufactured, or used by the Poor of the said Parish,

or any of the Goods and Furniture of the said Workhouse; the Person or Persons so offending, and being

thereof convicted by his, her, or their own Confession, or by the Oath of any one or more credible Wit-

nefs or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex (which Oath

such Justice and Justices is and arc hereby authorised and required to administer), shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit and pay;he Sum of five Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the

other Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the said Parish j and if any Offender shall not, upon such Con-

viction, pay the fame, the said Justice or Justices shall cause the Money so forfeited, by Warrant under his

or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods

and Chattels, and the Overplus (if any) after such Forfeiture and Charges of the Distress and Sale are

deducted and paid, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in

case sufficient Distress cannot be found, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is

and are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals,

to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common or other Gaol for the said County,

there to be detained, and kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, unless

such Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner.paid and satisfied.

XLV I. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall convey any Spirituous or Strong

Liquors into the House or Houses to be erected by virtue of this Act, such Person _ or Persons shall be, and

is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such and the like Pains and Penalties as are, by an

Act of the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, directed to be

inflicted on Persons conveying Spirituous Liquors into Prisons or Gaols.

4 XLV If. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act,’ be it further

enacted, 'That nil and every Justice and Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall

be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the

following Form, or in any other Words to the fame Effcftj (that is to say)

Form of Con- 4 jD E it remembered. That on the Day of in the

4 Year of the Reign of King George the Third, is convicted before

4 of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex,

4 by virtue of an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for the better

Ee.'irf and Employment of the Fo r within the Parift) of Saint Mary Iflingcon, in the County of Middlesex*

4 ur.dfor building a IVoi khouse for the said Parish, of

4 [fpreifying the Ojfence].

" Given under our Hands and Seals (or Hand and Seal), the Day and Year aforesaid.’

4 XLVIII. And whereas many Persons maintained in public Workhouses refuse to work, or are guilty

4 of on fane Curling and Swearing, or other Mifbchaviour, and by the Laws now in bein ' no Punish-

4 mem can be inflicted upon them without committing them to the House of Correction, or County Gaol,

4 which Commitments have been found not to answer the Purposes thereby intended for Remedy

Trunks may wheicof, be it further enacted, That if any poor Person or Persons, who shall be maintained in the Work-

pun Hi»h Poor house or Work houses of the said Parish, shall refuse to work, or be guilty of profane Cursing and Swear-

who «laii rrfufc jig, nr otuervvile mifbvhave him or herself, that then in such Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the

fweT^r(h#l ruffces, or any five or more of them, to cause such Person or Persons so offending to be punished in

c’ such Woikfooule, either by moderate Correction, Confinement, distinguishing them in Drew, Diet, or

such

