3i8 c. 10;

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779,

10*1 in Wales*

Persons di fabled

pre fuming toad

forfeit 501*

Cosiraiffionert

may act for any

City, Src. where-

of they are in-

habitant?, or far

Inn* of Court.

In case of Inef-

ficiency of Com-

fnifiioners for

any City, See.

those for the

County at large

may act for the

fame.

Mayor*, Bailiffs,

Sic. may ad a*

Commissioners

specially ap-

pointed.

No Military

Officer may be

a Commissioner.

. Commi/Honera

impowered to

levy such Men

as ate herein

described ;

tod to call in

the Affiftarce of

Pari A aodTown

Officer* j

and to meet in

the h Subc'ivi-

£ors,

and issue general

Search W»r-

raots for bring-

ing before iherr,

at their Second

Su‘'divif;on

Meeting, all

Persons w th:n

the Description

of this Act.

Subfrquent

Me«»«tags to be

aMuch limes

the Land Tax made and passed in England in the fifteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, or any subsequent

Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose ; or unless such Per/bn so appointed to be a Commissioner lbalJ,

at the Time of the Execution of this Act, by himself, his Tenants or Trustees, enjoy an Estate of Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the said yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, or more, within the said

County or Riding respectively ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Commissioner of the Land Tax, not being a Justice

of the Peace, or a Magistrate of a Corporation or a Borough, shall be capable of afling as a Commis-

fioner in the Execution of this Act, or any of the Powers therein contained, in or for any County within

the Dominion of tValesf unlef9 such Personby himself, or his Tenants or Trustees, was taxed or did pay,

in the same County, for the Value of sixty Pounds per Annum* or more, of hiVown Estate, by virtue of the

said Act for the Land Tax made and pasted in England in the fifteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, or any

subsequent Act, or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose, or unless such Person so appointed to be a Com-

missioner shall, at the Time of the Execution of this Act, by himself, his Tenants or Trustees, enjoy an

Estate of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the said yearly Value of Sixty Pounds, or more, within

the said County, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding*

XL, And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person intended by this Act to be disabled for the Cause

last-mentioned, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or any

of the Powers therein contained, every such Person, for such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds

to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Exchequer of Scotland, as aforesaid.

XII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That no Person who is appointed to be a Com-

missioner for executing this Act in any Part of Great Britain, shall be disabled, for the Cause last-mentioned,

from acting as a Commissioner within and for any City, Borough, Cinque-port, or Corporate Town only,

whereof he shall be an Inhabitant at the Time of the Execution of this Act, or from acting as a Com-

raissioner within any of the Inns of Court, or Inns of Chancery.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That in case there shall not be a sufficient Number of Commissioners

for any City, Borough, Town, Port, or Place of Great Britain (for which by this Act Commissioners

are specially appointed), capable of acting according to the respective Qualifications required by this Act 9

then, and in every such Cafe, any of the Commissioners appointed for the County or Shire, or Stewartry

at large, within which such City, Borough, Town, or Place, doth stand, or which is next adjoining

thereto, may act as Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, Within such City, Borough, Town, Port,

or Place, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 XIV. And whereas Doubts may arise whether Mayors, Bailiffs, and other Chief Magistrates, of Cities,

€ Boroughs, Towns Corporate, and Cinque-ports, for which Commissioners are specially appointed by vir-

* tueof the said Act for the Land Tax made in the fifteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, or any subsequent

c Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose, can aft as Commissioners for executing this Act, in the said

4 Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, and Cinque Ports;’ be it further enacted by the Authority afore-

Lid, That all Mayors, Bailiffs, and other Chief Magistrates, who are appointed Commissioners for exe-

cuting this Act, shall be and have Power to act as Commissioners for executing this Act within and for any

City, Borough, Town Corporate, or Cinque-port, wherein they inhabit at the Time of executing this

Act, as well where Commissioners are specially appointed by this Act, as where they are not.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted. That no Person who, at the Time of the Execution of

this Act, shall have any Military Office or Employment in Great Britain (other than in the Militia, or

any Regiment of Fencible Men), shall execute any Power or Authority by this Act given to the Commis-

sioners as aforesaid.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any

Three of more of them, in their respective Places or Stations, shall be, and are hereby authorised and im-

powered ,to raise and levy, and to cause to be raised and levied, at any Time or Times during the Conti-

nuance of this Act, within their several Limits and Turifdiftions, all able-bodied, idle, and disorderly

Persons, who cannot, upon Examination, prove themselves toexercise and industriously follow some law-

ful Trade or Employment, or to have some Substance sufficient for their Support and Maintenance, to*

serve his Majesty as Soldiers; and to require and command all and every the High Constables, Church-

wardens, Overseers of the Poor, Petty Constables, Headboroughs, and Tythingmen, and other Parish and

Town Officers, or any of them, within their respective Limits and Jurisdictions, to be aiding and assisting

to them the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, in the Performance of this His Majesty’s

Service; and for that Purpose the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are to meet in their

respective Subdivisions, according to the Appointment of the Justices and Commissioners as aforesaid, and

to ifluq out their Warrants under their Hands and Seals, thereby requiring and commanding such Church-

wardens, Overseers of the Poor, Petty Conffables, Headboroughs, Tithingmen, or other Parish or Town

Officers, or else requiring and commanding the said High Conffables to issue their Precepts to such Church-

wardens, Overseers, Petty Conffables, Headboroughs. Tithingmen, and other Parish and Town Officers

as aforesaid, every or any of them, to make, or cause to be made, a general Search within their respective

Pan’fhes, Townships, Constablewicks, or other Places, for all such Persons as they can find who are or

shall appear to them to be within the Description of this Act, and to bring all such Persons before the

Commissioners who have Power to execute this Act in and for such County, Shire, Stewartry, Riding*

Division, or Place, a4 such Time anti Place as shall have been appointed, by the Justices and Commission-

ers as aforesaid, for the second Meeting of the said Commissioners in their respective Subdivisions (which

#Tirr.e and Place shall be prefixed in the said Warrants and Precepts respectively); and afterwards the said

^Commissioners, within their respective Limits and Divisions, shall meet at such convenient Time or Times

Ati)*y shall think fit, in order to issue their like Warrants or Precepts for making general Searches for Per-

$ fens

