210

The Duty ?m-

posed on Ser-

vants, in Scot-

land, by 17 Geo.

III. c. 39. ftull

be aflTeflcd. col-

lected, Sec. by

such Persona,

and paid into

the Exchequer

Under the lijce

Penalties, Sec.

as are appointed

for collecting

and paying the

Duties on

Houses and

Windows, by

Act *6 Geo. II.

If Coratniffion-

ers neglect to

appoint A fleflors,

or Afl*c flbis fail

giving proper

Notices to

Matters, Sec. 1

the Surveyors

under Act a6

Geo. II. to

give the said

Notices.

How Surveyors

to proceed in

case Matters,

See. neglect to

make < ut and

deliver proper

Lifts of their

Semite.

The Doty to be

paid half-yearly.

,C. 30. Anno decimo oCtavo G e o r g i i 11 A. D. 17 7 8.

c ^nd collecting, the Rates and Duties upon Servants, in and By the said Act of the seventeenth Year

c of his present Majesty, to he raised, coljefted, and levied \ be it therefore enacted by the King’s mol}:

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advijce and Confect of thp Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, ip this present Parliament fftl’eipbled, and by the Authority of the same. That the Duty imposed,

by the said Act of the seventeenth of his present Majesty, upon Servants, in that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland, /ball be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and received, in that Part of this Kingdom called

Scotland, By fuen Persons, and shall be paid into his Majesty’s Exchequer for the Purposes in the said Act

expressed, in such and the like Form and Manner, and with such Allowances, and under such Penalties,

Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are prescribed or

appointed for aft'efling, raising, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying, the Duties on Houses, Win-

dows, or Light?, jri that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in and by the said Act, made in the tWemy-

sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; and that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules,

Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, CJaufes, Matters, and Things, now in Force, contained in the said

Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and

paying, the Rates apd Duties therein mentioned, /hall be in full Force, and be duly observed, practised,

and put in Execution, in that Part of this Kingdom called Scotland% for the afieffing, raising, levying, col-

lefting, and paying, the Duties upon Servants, by the said Act, of the seventeenth of his present Majesty,

granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame is or may be for the afilffing,

railing, levying, collecting, and charging, the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights, in

the said Act of the twenty-sixth of his laid late Majesty mentioned, so far as the said Powers and Authori-

ses, Rules and Penalties, are applicable thereunto, and not altered by the said Act of the seventeenth Year

of his said present Majesty; and that all Monies, arising by the said Duty granted by the said last men-

tioned Act (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted), shall, from Time to

Time, be paid into the Receipt of his *Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster, distinftly and apart fiom all

other Branches of the public Revenues, and shall be carried to, and be made Part of, the Fund commonly

called The Sinking Fund

1 II. And, to the End that no Doubts may arise touching the Execution of the said Act of the seven*

€ teenth Year of his present Majesty/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case, at

any Time hereafter, the Commissioners appointed to put the said Act in Execution, in that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland, /ball neglect to appoint Assessors, or in case the Affefiors by them appointed

/hall fail or neglect to give or leave fuen Notice or Warning, in Writing, to or for the Master or Mistress

of every Servant on whom a Duty is imposed by the said Act; that then, and in such Cafe, it (hill and

may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors, appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said Act

• of the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, within fourteen Days after the Time prescribed by Law for

the annual Appointment of the AfleJTors, to give or leave Notice or Warning, in Writing, to or for the

Master or Mistress of every Seryant on whom a Duty is imposed by this Act, within the Limits of the

Places for which such Surveyors are to act, at his or her Dwelling-house, to prepare and produce, within

the Space of fourteen Days then next ensuing, a List, in Writing, of his or her Servants retained or em-

ployed within the said District, ^eferibing the Number by him or her retained or employed, the Christian

and Surname of each Servant, and the Office or Capacity in or for which each Servant is retained or em-

ployed ; every such Lift to contain the greatest Number of Servants at any one Time retained and' em-

ployed^ in the Cogrfe of the Year ending on the twenty-fifth Day of March in each preceding Year ; and

that every such Master or Mistress do and shall, after such Notice so given or left, make out a List of his or

her Servants accordingly, and sign the fame with his or her own Hand, and deliver the fame, or cause the

fame to be delivered, to such Surveyor or Surveyors: And in case any such Master or Mistress shall neglect

or refuse to make out, sign, and deliver such Lift, within the Time before mentioned, then such Surveyor

or Surveyors shall, from the best Information he or they can obtain, make an Assessment, upon such Matter

or Mistress so refusing or neglecting, for or in respect of the Number of Servants so retained or employed by

such Master or Mistress, diltingui thing them by their Christian and Surname, and their respective Employ-

ments ; and every such Assessment so made upon any such Neglect or Refusal, shall be final and concfufive

upon such Master or Mistress, who shall not be at Liberty to appeal therefrom, unless such Master or

Mistress shall prove that he or she were not at their respective Dwelling-houses at the Time of the Delivery

of such respective Notices, nor between that Day and the Time limited for their delivering their respective

Lifts to the Surveyors ; or unless such Master or Mistress shall alledge and prove such other Excuse for not

having delivered their Lifts, as the Commissioners in their Judgment shall think reasonable and sufficient*

III. And be it further enacted and declared. That, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, every

Person charged with the Duty granted by the said Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, shall, by themselves, or others for their Behoof, pay in the Duty with which they are

charged, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September, yearly, for the half Year betwixt Whitsunday and

Martinmas-day; and on or before the twenty-fifth Day o f March, yearly, for the half Year betwixt mar*

tinmas and Whitsunday.

CAP.

