A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III.

C. 21, 22.

93

CAP. XXI.

An Act for the better Support of his Majesty’s Household, and of the Honour and Dignity

of the Crown of Great Britain.

May it please your most Excellent Majesty ;

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the fii ft Year of your Majesty’s Reign (intituled*

An An for the Support of his Majesty $ Hoijtbcld, and of the Honour and Dignity oj the C> own of

4 Great Britain), it was enabled (among other Tilings), That there should be granted and continued to

4 your Majesty, and issuing and payable out of the Fund called The Aggregate Fund, during your Majesty’s

4 Life, the clear yearly Rent or Sum of seven hundred and twenty-three thousand Pounds, during the

4 Continuance of the several Annuities therein mentioned; and immediately from and after the Detcrmi-

4 nation of one or more of the said Annuities, such clear yearly Sum, over and above, and in Addition to,

the said yearly Rent or Sum of seven hundred and twenty-three thousand Pounds, as the Annuity or

4 Annuities so determined shall have amounted to; and in case of the Determination of all the said An-

4 nuities, then, and immediately from thenceforth, the clear yearly Rent or Sum of eight hundred thou-

4 sand Pounds, to be ifl'ued and paid out of the said Fund, for the Support of his Majesty’s Household,

and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, from the twenty-fifth Day of October, one thousand

4 seven hundred and sixty, in Manner therein particularly mentioned, as by the said Act, Relation being

4 thereunto had, may more fully appear: And whereas the Revenue to which your Majesty is intit led by

4 virtue of the said Act, bath been found inadequate to, and inefficient for, the Purposes for which it

4 was granted; and it is therefore just and expedient that a more competent Provision should be made for

the better Support of your Majesty’s Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown; we

4 your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled,

4 with Hearts full of the warmest Duty and Gratitude for the inellimable Blcftings which your Subjects do

4 enjoy under your Majesty’s most auspicious Government, do pray your Majesty that it may be enacted

and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prdent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame, That there be granted to his Majesty, during his Life (which God long preserve), over and

besides the yearly Rent or Kents, or Sum or Sums of Money in and by the aforesaid Act granted to his

Majesty, the further Revenue or yearly Rent of one hundred thousand Pounds, to commence from and

after the fifth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-fevrn; and that the said yearly

Rent or Sum shall be, and is hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable from Time to Time out

of, the Hereditary and Temporary Revenues, anJ any other the Duties and Revenues which do or shall

compose the said Fund, commonly called The Aggregate Fund, or any of them (after paying, or reserving

sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed, by any former Act or Acts of

Parliament, to be paid out of the fame); but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may be

hereafter charged upon, or payable out of the said Fund.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven

hundred and seventy-seven, there be iiiucd and paid to his Majesty, out of the Duties and Revenues com-

posing the said Fund, the Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, being so much of the yearly Rent or Sum hereby

granted as will then have accrued and become due and payable from the fifth Day c f January, one thousand

seven hundred and seventy-seven; and that from and after the fnid fifth Day of July-, one thousand seven

hundred and seventy-seven, the said additional yearly Rent or Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds shall

grow due and be payable to his Majesty at the fame Time, and in the same Manner, and together with the

yearly Rent or Sum granted by the afore Lid Ad1 of the first'Year of his Majesty’s Reign, quarterly, at the

four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, The fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of

July, the tenth Day of October, and the fifth Day of January, by even and equal Portions, out of the

Monies of the said Aggregate Fund, the first quarterly Payment thereof to be made on the tenth Day of

Otlobery one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven: And the Comrr.ifiioners of his Majesty’s Trea-

fury, or any three or more of them, and the high Treasurer, Chancellor and Under-treasurer of the Ex-

chemier, for the Time being, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer, and of

the Receipt thereof, shall, and may, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to do all such

Acts, Matters, and Things, in order to render this Act, and the several Payments hereby directed, ef-

fedtual, as are in and by the Lid recited Act authorised, required, or directed to be done and performed by

them, or any or either of them, concerning the several Payments thereby directed, in the same Manner,

to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Provisoes, Clauses, Matters, and Things, concerning the

paying, issuing, or applying such yearly Rents or Sums as are therein mentioned, were in this Behalt par-

ticularly repeated and re-enacted,

CAP. XXII.

An Act for opening Communications between Jl'appingflrcet and Ratclif-highway) and between OldGra-

vel-lane and Virginia street; and for paving certain Streets intended to be built, and also certain other

Streets and public Paftkgcs and Places within the Parishes of Saint George and Saint John of fl apping) in

the County of Middlesex.

Preamble.

AS 1 Geo. III.

recited.

From January f,

1777, an addi-

tional 100,000U

per Annum

granted to hi*

Majesty dur.ng

his Life 5

payable out of

the Abrogate

Fund,

The first Pay-

ment to his Ma-

jesty to be on

July 5. >777!

after which to

be paid quar-

ter. y, &c.

CAP.

