566 G, 43, 44* Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A. D. 1780.

patch, contrary to the true Intent of this Afl, every such Offender shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds,

to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, or Plaint, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at lyeflmin/Ur;

one Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers

of his Majesty’s Revenue as shall sue or inform for the fame ; and the Officer granting such false Certificate

or other Dispatch shall also be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty in any Branch of the public Re-

Personscounter- venue; and any Person who shall counterfeit, rafe, or falsify, any such Certificate, or knowingly or wil-

fcitingCcrt.fi lingly make use of any such Certificate so counterfeited, raf'ed, altered or falsified, shall forfeit the Sum of

fei* 100*1l° F" onc hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied in Manner aforesaid.

*'c ° ‘ XII. And, for the further Encouragement to the Inhabitants of the Isle of Man, to carry on the

178c, Tor Her. * Herring Fishery on the Coasts thereof,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from

linjl*caught on and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there shall be drawn back

the Coaiis of the and allowed for any White or Red Herrings, caught upon the Coasts of the said Island and cured there.

Me of Man, and and imported into any Port of Great Britain, and exported from thence as Merchandise to foreign Parts,

Smarted *in! *nd w^°^e Duties paid or payable upon the Importation of such Herrings; which Drawback or Allowance

i^reat Britain0, shall be made by the Officer appointed to collect the Duties upon Salt, in the Port from whence any such

and from »hence Herrings shall be exported, within thirty Days after Demand thereof, upon a Debenture, to be prepared

expo.ied to so- by the Collector of the Customs where such Herrings {hall be entered out for Exportation, and verified

»eignPitts,there by the Person executing the Office of Searcher in such Port, as to the Quantity of Herrings actually

a Dr aw bi!c kuf dipped, and that the fame were good and merchantable ; and the White Herrings in Barrels containing

all the import thirty-two Gallons each, or in Half Barrels of sixteen Gallons each, and full packed; and the Red

Duties. Herrings in Calks, on which shall be marked the Number of Herrings in each Calk, for the better af-

Oathtobe taken certaining of the Quantity exported; and that the Oath of the‘Exporter or Agent be first taken before

b> *he Exporter, the principal Officers of the said Port before the Debenture be allowed (who are hereby required and im-

powered to administer the fame), that the Herrings in such Debenture mentioned were really caught on

the Coasts of the Isle of Man> and cured there, and that the Duty of the fame was actually paid upon the

Importation thereof, specifying the Vessel and Mailer’s Name in which the Herrings were imported, and

at what Port, and that they are really and truly exported to or for Parts beyond the Seas, and not relanded

or intended to be relanded in Great Britain; and in case the Officer hereby directed to pay such Deben-

ture {hall not have sufficient Money in his Hands to pay the fame, then, upon Certificate thereof by him

made (which Certificate he is hereby required to give the Party gratis), the principal Commissioners for

managing his Majesty’s Revenues of Excise upon Salt for the Time being shall be chargeable with the said

Payment, to be made in Course out of the first Money in their Hands arising out of the Duties upon Salt

Officers of the either in England or Scotland, as the Cafe may happen ; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Officers

marjMhcBarreli ^ Uutlcs on Salt* *n several and respective Ports of the Kingdom of Great Britain, upon the

whlrein^he”6' Exportation of any such Herrings, and before the fame {hall be laid on Board for Exportation, to mark

Herrings shall be the Barrel wherein such Herrings {hall be exported, to the Intent it may be known that such Herrings have

exported. been exported, and Allowances obtained upon Exportation thereof, in case the fame, or any Part thereof.

Herringsfraudu- {hall be relanded or reimported ; and that in case any such Herrings {hall (after the fame {hall be exported)

Jently reijndedto be fraudulently relanded or reimported into Great Britain, all the said Herrings so relanded or reimported

be f irfertej, and ^ajj ^ forfe|ted and loft, and Double the Value thereof to be recovered of the Importer, Proprietor, or

lye? *1 C Master of the Vessel in which they {hall be reimported ; and that no Allowance {hall be paid out of the

said Duties on Salt for or on Account of the Exportation of any White or Red Herrings that {hall not

be well cured, or shall be unmerchantable ; nor {hall any Drawback or Allowance be made for any such

White Herrings shipped to be exported, that {hall not have been imported from the Ife of Alan in Barrels

containing thirty-two Gallons, or Half Barrels containing sixteen Gallons each.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and eighty. 1,500,000/.

lhcamblei

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to explain an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled. An Act for augmenting

the Militia \ and to declare valid and effectual the Swearing in and Inrolment of Militia

Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, in Cafes where all the Provisions of the several Acts

now in being, relative thereto, have not been observtd ; and to indemnify Deputy Lieu-

tenants, Chief Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace, for their Proceedings therein re-

spectively •, to declare valid and effectual the Commissions granted by Deputy Lieute-

nants, in the Absence of the Lieutenant of any County out of the Kingdom, to Officers

commanding Volunteer Companies; and to indemnify Deputy Lieutenants and Officers

who have granted, or acted under, such Commissions ; and to enlarge the Powers of De-

puty Lieutenants in certain Cales.

* TI WHEREAS, in p'irfuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An An for

* VV augmenting the Militia, Volunteer Companies have been raised and annexed to the Militia of fe-

* veral Counties within this Kingdom : And whereas the Periods of Service intended for such Companies

‘ were not sufficiently ascertained in the said Act, in Consequence whereof, the Men enlisted in several of

* the

