T

A

B

L

OF THE

E

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the twentieth Year of the Reign of

George 1IL

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 20 Georgiilll*

I. \ N AS for holding the ensuing EleSion of a

Knight of the Shire for the County of South-

jL Mm ampton, at the Town of New Alresford, in the

said County.

a. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

j. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty cer-

tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for

the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

i eighty.

4. An Act for continuing an Act, made in the last Session

of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of fine organ-

zined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vcjfelsfor a limited

Time.

5# An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the fe-

venteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain

Persons charged withy or fuftetted of the Crime of High

Treason, committed in any oj his Majesty's Colonies or Plant-

ations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of

Piracy.

б. An Act to repeal certain Acts made in Great Britain,

which restrain the Trade and Commerce of Ireland with

Foreign Parts.

7. An Act to amend an Act, made in the eighteenth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An At1

. to explain and amend so much of an Ally made in the fourth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates io the

preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Sugar and Paneles

from the British Colonies and Plantations in America into

Great Britain.

€. An Act to indemnify such Officers of the Militia as

have not transmitted to the Clctks of the Peace Defcrip-

VoL.XllI. Part IV.

tions of their Qualifications, and Certificates of their

having taken the Oaths as required; and for allowing

further Time for the Delivery of Descriptions of Quali-

fications by such Officers of the Militia; and for obliging

the Captain Lieutenant to deliver in a Description of his

Qualification.

9. An Act for extending the Provisions of two Acts, made

in the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

and in the last Session of Parliament, with respeS to

bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize

Goods; and for repealing so much of the said last-men-

tioned AS as relates to the Certificates for Prize Tea

and East India Goods exported from this Kingdom to

Ireland \ for the Removal of East India Goods condemn-

ed as Prize at any Out-port to London for Sale, and of

Prize Goods for Exportation; and for reducing the Duty

on Foreign Prize Tobacco.

10. An Act to allow the Trade between Ireland and the

British Colonies and Plantations in America and the Weft

Indies, and the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa,

to be carried on in like Manner as it is now carried on

between Great Britain and the said Colonies and Settle-

ments.

n. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an

AS, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act

for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or onefixth Part

of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale% Porter%

and Beery which shall be brewed for Saliy brought into,

tapped, or foldy within the Town of Kelso, in the Shire of

Roxburgh, for finishing a Bridge cross the River Tweed,

and for othjr Purposes therein mentioned.

12. An Act for punilbing Mutiny and Desertion; and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

13. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore.

14. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

g called*

