A, £). 177& Anno decimo odavo Georgii III.

C. 55. 283

Proviso relating

to foreign

Linens.

This Act not to

extend to Bar-

iron, or Iron

Wares, t il cer-

tain Du ies are

laid thereon by

the Irish Parlia-

ment,

by the said recited Act, or any other Law now in Force in this Kingdom, respecting Ships trading to the

/aid Plantations or Settlements ; otherwise such Ships, and the Goods laden on Board thereon, shall be

l’ubject and liable to the fame Penalties and Forfeitures as if this Act had not been made.

ill. Provided always, and be it enacted. That nothing herein contained shall extend to permit the Ex-

portation from the said Kingdom of Ireland to any of the Places aforesaid of any foreign Linens, whether

the fime be white or brown or chec ked, or painted, stamed, or dyed, in the said Kingdom of Ireland.

IV. Provided always, and it is-hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That nothing herein-

before contained shall extend, or be cor.ftrued to extcnJ, to any Bar-iron, to Iron flit, rolled, plated, or

tinned, nor to any Sort of manufudured Iron Wares, until a Duty of two Pounds ten Shillings per I on,

on such Bar-iron, and also a Duty of thiec Pounds three Shillings and Elevenpence Irish, per Ton, on

such flit, rolled, pfated, or tinned Iron, and manufactured Iron Wares, exported from Ireland to the Bri-

tiJJ) Colonies or PI mtations in America, or to any of the Settlements belonging to Great Britain on the

Coast of Africa, shall be imposed by some Act or Acts cf Parliament to be made in the Kingdom of Ireland;

and that then, and in such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful, from and after the Commencement of, and

during the Continuance of, such respective Duties, but no longer, to export any such Iron or Iron Wares

from the said Kingdom of Ireland directly to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any Settle-

ment belonging to Great Britain on the Coast of Africa, in any Ship or Vefl'el that may lawfully trade

thither, subject to the Regulations herein before mentioned \ any Thing in this Act, or in any other Act,

to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Bounty

or Premium shall be granted or allowed in Ireland, on the Exportation of such Iron or Iron Wares from jnjrcianaon

thence to the said British Colonies or Plantations, or to any Settlement belonging to Great Britain on the the Exportation

Coast of Africa ; then, and in such Cafe, the Liberty herein-before given to export such Iron and Iron cf such iron or

Wares thither directly from Ireland, /hall, during the Continuance ofluch Bounty or Premium, cease and

determine; and such Iron and Iron Wares shall, in all Respects, be subject to the like Restrictions and

Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, as such Goods were and would be liable to if this Act had not

been made.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That no Cotton Ma-

nufactures of any Kind, whether mixed or unmixed, shall be permitted to be exported from the said King-

dom of Ireland to any of the Places aforesaid, unless the Person or Persons exporting the fame shall produce

and deliver a Certificate properly authenticated from the Custom-house of some Port or Ports in Great.Bri-

tain, particularizing the Quantities, Kinds, and Marks, of such Cotton Manufactures, and specifying that

such Goods have been legally exported from Great Britain: And in case any Cotton Manufadu res'shall

be offered to be exported from the said Kingdom of Ireland to any of the Places aforesaid, without such

Certificate, or which on Examination shall not correspond with the Marks, Numbers, and Descriptions^

contained in such Certificate, all such Manufactures shall be forfeited and seized, and appropriated, one

,Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and fenacted, That the Liberty hereby granted of.ex-

porting Goods and Merchandize, the Manufacture of Ireland, %o the Places herein-before mentioned, shall

not take place except in such Cafes as the said Goods and Merchandize now do, or hereafter shall, Hand

chargeable and pay Duties and Taxes to as great an Amount as Goods and Merchandize of the fame De-

nomination 2nd Quality exported from Great Britain to Cuch Places, now Hand chargeable with (whether

the said Charges be on the Importation of the Materials of which the said Goods and Merchandize lare

made, or by Duties on the Exportation of the fame, or by Inland Excise not drawn back or compensated

for by Bounties).

4 VIII. And whereas by an Act, made in the fifteenth. Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intitu-

4 led. An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British

* Dominions in Europe; and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others employed in the said

4 Fijkeries, to the Ports thereof at the tlnd of the Fifing Season) ; it is amongst other Things provided and Ca°*

4 enacted. That no Bounty shall be allowed or paid for any Ship or Vessel employed as therein mentioned,

* by virtue of the said or any former Act of Parliament, unless the whole and entire Property of such Ship

4 or Vessel shall belong to some of his Majesty *s Subjects residing in that Part of his Majesty's Dominions

4 from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be respectively fitted and cleared out: And whereas by another Act,. andj$Geo. Ill*

4 made in the sixteen th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the further Eh- CaP*42*

4 couragcment of the IVkale Fishery carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British Dominions in

4 Europe; and for regulating the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Customs in the T/fom/^/'Newfoundiand);

4 it is amongst other Things provided and enacted, That no Bounty shall be allowed or paid for any Ship

4 which, from and after the first Day of Aagujl, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, shall be Acted

4 out and employed in the Whale Fishery, in pursuance of the said Act, unless the whole and entire Pro-

* perty of such Ship or Veftel shall belong to some of his Majesty’s Subjects residing in that Part of his Ma-

4 jesty’s Dominions from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be respectively fitted and cleared out; which said

4 Provisoes have been found prejudicial, inasmuch as they prevent any Co-partnership between his Majesty’s

4 Subjects residing in Great Britain, and his Majesty’s Subjects residing in Irelandy for carrying on the said

4 Fisheries ;* be it therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Bounties shall The Boumfeiiw

and may be allowed and paid for any Ship or Vessel, being the Property of his Majesty’s Subjects residing the recited aG*

in Great Britain or Ireland, employed in the said Whale Fitheries* which, from and after the twenty-fourth mentioned (halt

Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, shall be fitted and cleared out from any Port ia y g?’4 [®re*j1

Great Britain or Ireland, pursuant to the Directions of those Acts, or any other Act of Parliament now in peny oVhis M^

Force, ^though the whole and entire Property of such Ship or Vessel shall not belong to some of his Majesty’. subject

jesty rS *n Great

4 #f feelaodr

If any Bounty

/hall he granted

in Ireland on

Iron Wares,

then the Liberty

granted by this

Ad to cease, See,

No Cotton Ma-

nufactures to be

exported from

Ireland to Ame-

rica, dec. with-

outa proper

Certificate from

some Custcm- ,

house in Great

Britain;

on Forfeiture of

the Goods.

The Liberty

hereby gran tel

of exporting Irish

Manufactures,

Arc. not to take

place till Dutiei

are laid thereon

equivalent to

those on the fame

Manufactures,

&c. in Great

Britain.

Recital cf 15

Geo. III.

31*

