A; D. 1777. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 3,

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com- L'mbattonof

menced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of any Thing done or acted in purfu- A&‘or.».

anccof'this Act; then, and in every such Cafe, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within fix Calen-

dar Months next after the Fadl committed, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants shall

and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence: And if the Act General |,ruef

shall appear to have been done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Act, or if any such Action or

Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the fame, then the Jury shall find

for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such finding, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be non-

suited, or discontinue his or rheir Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if,

upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants

shall and may recover Treble Costs. Treble Cols.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Clause, Pro- <*ontfiV!Mre

viso, Matter and Thing herein contained, shall remain, continue, and be in Force, for, duting, and until of lh‘* Ad,

the Expiration, or other (boner Determination of the aforesaid Act of the last Session of Parliament.

CAP. VIII.

An Act. to amend so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his pre-

ient Majesty (intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management

of the Ajfairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe), as relates to the

Day on which the annual Election of Directors of the said Company is to be made.

\ \\7 HEREAS by an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled,

4 V V An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Ajfairs of the East India

* Company as well in India as in Europe); it is, among other Things, enacted, That at the then next en-

4 filing General Election of Directors of the said United Company, instead of an Election of twenty-four

4 Directors to serve for the Space of one Year only, there should be chosen, in such Manner and Order as

' the Directors of the said United Company for the Time being should appoint, fix Directors expressly for

I the Term of one Year, and fix other Directors for the Term of two Years, and fix other Directors for

4 the Term of three Years, and the remaining fix Directors for the Term of four Years, and not other-

4 wife; and from thenceforth yearly and every Year, and at the Expiration of each and every of the said

4 Terms respectively, fix new Directors, and no more, should be chosen, from Time to Time, in the

* Place of such Directors whose Term should have expired, and who were thereby declared incapable of

4 being then rechofen ; and at every subsequent Election, during the Continuance of the Charter of the

4 said United Company, fix new Directors should be chosen, and should continue to be Directors for the

4 Term of four Years, and no longer, to be accounted from the Day on which the Election of such Direc-

4 tors was respectively made; and in case the Office and Authority of any such Director should become

4'Void, by Death, Removal, or otherwise, another should be chosen, from Time to Time, in his Place;

4 to serve as a Director during the Remainder of such Term for which the Person whose Office should

4 have become void was chosen, and no longer: And whereas the first General Election of Directors of

f the said United Company, after the passing the said recited Act, was made on the thirteenth Day of

4 April, which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, at which Time

4 fix Directors were chosen for the Term of one Year, fix other Directors for the Term of two Years, fix

4 other Directors for the Term of three Years, and fix other Directors for the Term of four Years, accord -

4 ing to the Directions of the said recited Act; and afterwards on the thirteenth Day of April which was

4 in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, fix other Directors were chosen for

4 the Term of four Years, in the Room of those Directors who were elected for one Year, as aforesaid;

4 and on the thirteenth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, fix other Directors were

4 chosen for the Term of four Years, in the Room of those Directors who were elected for two Years, as

4 aforesaid : And whereas there is not any Provision in the said Act, for the making an Election of Direc-

4 tors of the said United Company at any other Time than on the exact Day when the Term of the former

4 Elections expire: And whereas the Day of Election of Directors in the Year one thousand seven hun-

4 dred and seventy-seven; according to the said recited Act, will happen on Sunday, the thirteenih Day of

4 Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven ; but it is highly improper that such Election fhouM

4 be made on a Sunday, and it is expedient that the like Impropriety should be prevented in future ;* be it

therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

•Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

Jame, That, indead of the said General Election of fix Directors of the said United Company, in the f.iid

Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, for the Term of four Years, being made on Sunday,

-the said thirteenth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, the fame Election shall be

.made on JVednefday, the sixteenth Day of the fame Month of April; and in respect to all future annual

Elections of Directors of the said United Company, indead of the fame being made on the exact Day of the

Expiration of the Term for which the former Directors were elected, in pursuance of the said recited Act,

•fuch future annual General Elections of Directors of the said United Company, shall be made on the second

U'ednefday in the Month of April in every Year.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Term of three Years, for which fix

rDireftors of the said Company were elected, in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and sevenly-four,

and which will expire on the thirteenth Day of Aprils one thoulari (even hundred and sevenry-seven, shall

be enlarged ; and such Directors so elected for the Term of three Years, shall continue Directors of the said

Vol. XIII. Parti. D United

PtfnnnMr.

Ad> Gto. Ill,

rcci'.ctl.

Gc’ier?] r.Jeftioa

of Dire^Ms (Vr

1777, ro be on

W rdnef i.y,

April 16 ;

and a I future

annua. B.rc-

ti->ns on the

second Wrd-

nefiay in April.

C»aafe relating

to the Detrr-

rr ination of (he

Term* fir

vi1 ich the Di-

rrelars are

rreiars

