A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

C. 4.83

mt their said Meeting, shall not only return the Sum so by him taken and received, but {hall forfeit and

pay any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, to be paid to the ballotted Man; or to the Poor of the Pa-

ri th, at the Discretion of the Justices or Deputy Lieutenants; and if such Offender {hall not immediately

pay the Sum so by him received, and the said Penalty, he shall be committed to the House of Correction

for the Space of fourteen Days. Com ,.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it {hall and may be lawful for the Captain, or other commanding offic^of every’

Officer of each Company of Militia, to lay out, in the Manner most advantageous for the Militia Man under Company of Mi?

his Command, the Sum of one Guinea, which, oy the said recited Act, passed in the second Year of the litia to lay our.

Reign of his present Majesty, is directed to be paid to all Militia Men, when the Regiment, Battalion, or to lhc most Ad-

Independent Company, to which they belong, is ordered to be embodied, and march out of the County* ManTndc/his

and to every Recruit who {hall afterwards join the Regiment, Battalion, or Company, giving an Account, command, the

within three Months, or as soon as atfired, to the Militia Man so intitled to receive the said Sum of one Guinn to which

Guinea, how such Money has been expended. hc entitled,

by Act a Geo. III. on receiving Orders to march out of the County.

XIII. And whereas the Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace, in several

Counties, Cities, and Places, where the Militia have been raised, have, in some Instances, proceeded to have'baUoued0

4 chuse by Lot, and to swear in Militia Men and Substitutes for such respective Counties, Cities, and and sworn in

Places, previous to the Times at which the fame ought to have been done, pursuant to the Provisions Militia Men be*

*" contained in the Militia Laws now in being;* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Pro- foie the Time

ceediogs of the said Deputy. Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace, are hereby declared J^'Vre hereby

valid and effectual, and the said Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates, and Justices of the reace, are jnd"mntfed7and

beiehy tefpedliviely indemnified for such their Proceedings. their Proceed-

4 XIV. And whereas, by an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (in- ingsdedared

r tituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being re- vall<1*

lating to the raising and training the Jill litia within that Part of Great Britain called England), it is (amongst Recital of a

4 other Things) enacted, That in case any Person {hall be chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia, for any CUufeio Militii

4 Parish, Tithing, or Place, or Parishes, Tithings, or Places, and such Person {hall be sworn and inrolled, AftaGco.llL

4 or shall provide a fit Person to serve as his Substitute, who shall be sworn and inrolled, the Church-

4 warden or Overseer, or Church wardens or Overseers, of such Parish, Tithing, or Place, {hall, within

4 one Month after the 1'irne of such (wearing or inrolling of the Man so chosen by Lot, or of the

4 Substitute respectively, pay to every such Person so chosen by Lot, if the Regiment or Battalion, in

4 which ho or his Substitute {hall serve, {hall be then embodied, any such Sum of Money, not ex-

4 ceeding five Pounds, as three Deputy Lieutenants, or two Deputy Lieutenants and one Justice, or

4‘one Deputy Lieutenant and two Justices, in whose Presence such Person {hall be chosen by Lor, {hall ad-

4 judge to be, as near as may be, one Half of the current Price then paid fora Volunteer in the County or

4 Riding where such Person {hall be so chosen by Lot: And whereas by an Act, made in the eighteenth

^ Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to gmend and render more effectual the Laws and iS Geo. Ilf.

*- relating to the railing and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to CaP- 59*

4 ejlab ish certain Regulations with respect to Officers serving in the Corps of Fencible Men directed to be raised

in that Part a/Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other Corps therein mentioned, it is (amongst other

Things) enabled, That at any Meeting for any County, City, or Town, whose Militia shall be at that

4 Time on actual Service, it {nail be lawful for any two or more of the Deputy Lieutenants of such

4 County, City, or Town, or for any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any one Justice of the

4 Peace of such County, to have and exercise all the Powers conferred by the therein (and herein) recited

4 Act, with respect to the Militia, on any three Deputy Lieutenants, or any two Deputy Lieutenants Every Church-

4 together with any one Justice of the Peace, or any one Deputy Lieutenant together with any two warden,&c. who

4 JusticeS of the Peace of any County at large;* now, be it hereby enacted by the Authority afore- *al\*ea“fep°er.

{aid, That in case any Churchwarden or Overseer of any Parish, Tithing, or Place, or Parishes, f0a, chof"n

Tithings, or Places, shall, after the passing of this Act, refuse or neglect to pay to any Person by Lor, and

chosen by Lot as aforesaid, who {hall have been sworn and inrolled, or who {ball have provided a fit Person sworn, or who

to serve as his Substitute, who shall have been sworn and inrolled, within one Month after such Swearing have pro-

and-Intolling, such Sum, not exceeding five Pour,ds, as two Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieute- such Sum

nant and one Justice of the Peace of such County, Riding, City, or Place, shall adjudge to be as near as not exceeding

nay be one Half of the current Price then paid for a Volunteer in the County or Riding where such Per- 51. a*fha!i be

son {hall be so chosen by Lot, upon his producing to such Churchwarden or Overseer an Order for that adjudged, by the

Purpose, under the Hands of two Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Deputy Lieute-

Peace of such County, Riding, City, or Place, the Militia thereof then being embodied, and in actual nT/Ah/cur-

Service; that such Churchwarden or Overseer, so refusing or neglecting, {hall forfeit the Sum of ten JCnt Price paid

Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Churchwarden or Overseer, fora Volunteer

by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, City, or (on producing

Ptace. where such Churchwarden or Overseer shall dwell, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand,

after deducing the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to such Churchwarden or Overseer; and one Half fljaiWoVwc'lol*

of which Sum {hall be paid to the Person so chosen by Lot as aforesaid, in Lieu of the Sum ordered to be Application

paid to him as aforesaid, and the other Half thereof to the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion, to be added thereof,

to the common Stock.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, passed in the last So much of the

Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual the Laws relating io the raising Militia Atf of

and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to establish certain Regulations last

with t efpeft to Officers serving in the Corps of Fencible Men airefted to be raised in that Part of Great Britain Vf°Lime-

tailed Scotland, and certain other Corps therein mentioned, as relates to the Half-pay of Lieutenants and En- jrn.

. fig ns signv fciving in

