A.'D. 1779*

Anno decimo ntfno <G r gi i III.

C. 59.

441

4 inhabited by the Owner, or by a Tenant renting the feme: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether

• Houses inhabited by Persons who pay no Rent for the fame are within the Meaning of the said Act ;* be

it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Houses within the Kingdom of Great Britain, of

the annual Value of five Potinds and upwards, inhabited by any Person of Persons whatsoever, shall be

subject to the Duty imposed by this Act, except such as are expressly excepted by the said recited Act :

Provided always. That no House shall be considered as an inhabited House, in which a Servant or other

Person only slides to take care of the fame.

bited in which only one Person reticles to take

XII. And be it further enacted and declared, That where any House shall be divided into different Sto-

nes or Tenements, let in different Apartments to several Persons, and subject by the said recited Act to the

Duties thereby granted as if the fame was inhabited by One Person or Family only, the Landlord or Owner

of every such House shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier of such Dwelling-house, and shall be

Charged with arid liable to pay the Duties imposed by this Act; any Thing in the said recited Act con-

tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it likewise enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Hall and

Office whatsoever belonging to any Person or Persons, or to any Bodies Politic or Corporate, that are or

may be lawfully charged with the Payment of any other Taxes or Parish Rates, shall be subject to the Duties

granted by this Act, and shall be respectively charged as inhabited Houses within the true Intent and

Meaning of this Act; and the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom the fame shall

belong, shall be charged and assessed as the Occupiers thereof.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, no Person shall presume to

ad as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act, or of this present Act, or of such Part

of the before recited Act of the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty as relates to the granting to his

Majesty a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned, or any

of the Powers therein or herein contained, until he hath fiift taken (besides the Oaths required to betaken

by any other Act or Acts of Parliament) an Oath, or, being one of the People called Quakers, made and

subscribed his solemn Affirmation, in the following Manner: ’

Y«tr or upwards,

to be subject to

the Duties, ex-

cept such as arc

expressly ex-*

cepted by the

recited Act.

No House to be

deemed inha-

Care thereof.

Where Houses

are let in diffe-

rent Tenements,

the Landlord

shall be deemed

the Occupier.

All Halls and

Offices charge-

able to other

Taxes or Parish

Rates, to befub-

jest to the Du-

ties granted by

this Act.

Commissioners

to be sworn be-

fore they execute

this Act, or the

recited Asti.

€ J A. B. do swear affirm, as the Cafe may require). That I will truly and faithfully execute the Office The Oath* ,

4 of aCdmriiissioner, and will determine upon all Appeals which shall be brought before me according

4 to the belt of my Skill and Judgment, pursuant to the Acts of Parliament in that Behalf.

* So help me GOD/

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person shall be Commissioneri

capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Acts, or^ of this present Act, or ^ondo^Ac.

any of the Powers therein or herein contained, within the City of London and Liberty of Saint Martin le ^befaorna*

Grand\ nor within the City and Liberty of Westminster, unless such Person be possessed of Lands, Tene- to their Qualifi*

hrients, or Personal Estate, to the Amount or Value of two thousand Pounds at least, after the Payment of cation,

ail his Debts, ahy Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding 5 which Qualification they

shall swear to previous to their acting as aforesaid, or, being one of the People called Quakers, make and

subscribe his solemn Affirmation, in the following Form:

4 J A. B. do swear (or affirm, as the Cafe may require), That I truly and bona fide have such an Estate, The Oath.

4 confiding of Specifying the fame), of the clear Value of two thousand Pounds, over and above what

* will satisfy and ducharge all my Debts.

4 So help me GOD/

And if any Person shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Acts, or of

this present Act, or any of the Powers therein or herein contained, before he shall have taken such Oaths,

or made such Affirmations, as herein directed, he shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of two

hundred Pounds; one Moiety 'thereof shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other

Moiety to. any Person or Petforts who will inform or sue for the same.

4 XVI. And whereas, by the said recited Act of the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty, it is pro-

4 vided, That in case any Malfer or Mistress shall neglect or refuse to make out, sign, and deliver, to the

* Assessor or Assessors to be appointed by virtue of the said Act, a List of his or her Servants, as by the said

4 Act is required ; or in case, in any List delivered, any Servant or Servants shall, by the said Assessor or

* Assessors, be found to be omitted, then, and in either of the said Cafes, such Assessor or Assessors are

4 by the Ad authorised and impowered to make, upon such Master or Mistress so neglecting or refusing to

4 deliver a List, or delivering a deficient Lift, of his or her Servants, an Assessment of the Number of per-

4 vants retained or employed by such Master or Mistress, as in the said Act is mentioned, distinguishing

4 their Christian and Surnames, and their respective Employments; and the Surveyor or Surveyors, in the

4 said Act mentioned, aie by the said Act authorised and required toexamine every Lift and Assessment,

4 and if he or they shall difeov-er that any Master or Mistress, who should and ought to be charged with

4 the said Duty, shall have been omitted to be charged therewith, or shall have been under-rated, he or

,4 they are directed to certify, as in the said Act mentioned, such Servant or Servants as have been omitted,

4 together with the Christian and Surname, and the Employment, of each Servant, by way of Surcharge:

4 And whereas great Difficulties have occurred to the Assessors and Surveyors, in making such Assessments

% and Surcharges, in discovering the Names and Employments of the Servants, in respect of whom the

4 Master

Penalty on

Commissioners

acting before

they have taken

the Oathi.

Recital of Part

of the Servants

Act, i7Geo.HI.

