#HCy fi.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &e.

. ■ I i i ■ T - T*"T-"FT* ■*■». ■ ,■ — >'■ ■ ■ '■ ■ .,1 ’

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Decimo Octavo.

% AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twenty-ninth Day of November^ Anno

4 Domini one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of

* X X our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God* of Great Britain^ France,

* and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

4 And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twentieth Day of November, one thousand

4 seven hundred and seventy-seven j being the fourth Session of the fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain?

CAP. I

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to impower hit

Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or JitJpefied of \ the Crime of High Treason, committed in

any of his Maiejlfs Colonies or Plantations in America, #r on the High Seas, or the Grime of Piracy.

[Further continued till Jan, I, i 779.]

CAP. II,

An Act for granting an Aid 4o his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service

of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight. 4 x.

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight.

CAP. IV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. V.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. VI.

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of

War, and on Board Merchant Ships ^nd other Trading Ships and Vessels.

4 TpOR the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on

4 17 Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels;’ be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fromtheptffing

patting of this Act, until the twenty-fifth Day of March% one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, ofthb Aftiui

and no longer (except in respect to such Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships or Vessels, which shall

be on their Voyage before the said twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy- juu

nine, who shall be, and are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning home navigated in the by

Manner as herein-after is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any Merchant Ship, or other Trading Throe-fouith*

Ship or Vessel, to be navigated by Foreign Seamen or Mariners, not being Natives of Great Britain^ or Foreign Sen-

of any of the Colonies or Plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty’s natural or naturalized Subjects, nw,u

so as the Number of such Foreign Seamen or Mariners do not exceed Three-fourths of the Mariners at

anyone Time employed to navigate such Merchant Ship, or other Trading Ship or Vessel, and that One-

Vol. XIII. Part II. A a fourth

