A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. C. 49. 251

CAP. XLJX.

An Act for applying the Sum of one thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Surpluses of a

certain Fund commonly called she Orphans Fund, for the, Purpose of opening Communi-

cations between Wapping-street and P at cliff-highway, and between Old Gravel-lane and Vir-

giniaf.rect, within the Parishes of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping% in the County

of Middlesex.

* \\ J HEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament for opening Communications between

4 Vy Wapping-street and Ratcliff-highway, and between Old Gravel-lane tfrtovirginia-street; and for

4 paving certain Streets intended to be built, and alfs certain other Streets and public Passages and Places within

4 the Purifies of Saint George and Saint John a/vVapping, in the County of Middlesex ; whereby the Com-

4 missioners thereby appointed are directed to do and perform certain Works which will be attended with

4 a considerable Expence : And whereas an Act of Parliament was made in the fifth and sixth Years of the

4 Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors

4 of the City of London, whereby a Fund was established for the Purposes therein mentioned ; which said

4 Fund, and the Receipts and Disbursements thereof, are under the Management and Direction of the

4 Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said Ciry of London: And whereas by certaitT Acts of Parliament,

4 made in the twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, and the seventh Year of his present Majesty, or by

4 some of them, the several Provisions for supporting the said Fund have been continued and augmented ;

4 and by the said Acts, and also by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, several further Sums of

4 Money have been charged thereon for defraying the Expences of several public Works within the Cities

4 of London and Westminster, and elsewhere : And whereas it appears that the Produce of the said Duties,

4 and other Securities granted and made chargeable for the Support of the said Fund, will be more than

4 sufficient to answer and satisfy the several Sums of Money charged thereon by the said recited Acts of

4 the fifth and sixth Years of King William and Oueen Mary, and of the twenty-first Year of his late Ma-

4 jesty, and the seventh Year of his present Majesty, and of this Session of Parliament, and it is reasonable

4 that the Parishioners of the said Parishes of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping, who contribute to-

4 wards the said Duties, should receive some Benefit therefrom may it therefore please your Majesty that

it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted determined by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the’City of

London shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, yearly and every Year, to pay or cause to be

paid to the Treasurer for the Time being of the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act of the last

Session of Parliament, the Annuity or yearly Sum of forty-five Pounds, by equal half-yearly Payments;

that is to say, on the twenty-fourth Day of June, and the twenty-fifth Day of December, in every Year ;

and one Year’s Payment of the said Annuity shall be made on the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thou-'

sand seven hundred and seventy-eight.

II. And be it further enacted, That for securing the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Sum to the

said Commissioners in Manner above mentioned, the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens shall, on

or before tht twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, at the Expence of

the Treasurer for the Time being of the Commissioners appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Act

of the last Session of Parliament (which shall be allowed to him in his Accounts), make and execute, under

the Common Seal of the said City, ten Bonds for securing one hundred Pounds each ; and the said Mayor

and Commonalty anti Citizens shall in each of the said Bonds be bound in the penal Sum of two hundred

Pounds for securing the Payment of one hundred Pounds to the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time

being, or to Matter William Montague his present Chief Clerk ; which said Bonds shall be made with Con-

ditions to be void on Payment of the respective Annuities to be thereby secured, or on Redemption of such

Annuities on the Terms and in the Manner herein-after expressed ; and the said Chamberlain and his Chief

Clerk shall, and are hereby respectively required forthwith to assign, by Indorsement, such Bonds as shall

be fomade to them respectively, and to deliver the fame to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners.

III. And be it further enacted. That the said Bonds, so to be executed, indorsed, and delivered to the

Treasurer of the said Commissioners, shall be numbered in arithmetical Progression, and the fame shall and

may be fold and disposed of by such Treasurer to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any

seven or more of them, shall direct ; and the Monies arising by such Sale, and the Annuities to arise in the

mean Time from such Bonds, shall be applied, in the first Place, in paying the Expences of procuring and

passing this Act, and the Remainder in opening Communications between IVapfing-street and Ratcliff high-

way, and between Old Gravel-lane and Virginia-street, in the said Parishes of Saint George and Saint John of

I Hipping, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted. That the Holder or Holders of such Bonds respectively may, on Non-

payment of the Annuities thereby secured, commence and prosecute any Action or Actions upon any such

Bonds, and recover thereupon from the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of

London*

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the said Annuities shall from Time to Time (until

the Whole shall be redeemed) be redeemable by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, either

wholly or in Part, in such Order as they shall think proper, upon six Calendar Months Notice for that

Purpose to be first published in the London Gazette', at the Expiration of which Time the Proprietors of

such Annuity or Annuities shall (upon delivering up to the Chamberlain the said City of London for the

Time

Preamble. ,

Recital ‘of

17 Geo. III.

Cap.,.;

and Afl 5 S

GuL, 8c Mil.

City of LorrdcJ*

to pay 45 1. per

Annum ro the

Treasurer of the

Commissioners

under the first

lecited AO.

Bonds to be

given for fe-

curing the Pay-

ment of the

Annuity,

and delivered te

the Treasurer.

Bonds to be

numbered, and

may be fold.

implication of

the Money

a ifing by such

Sale.

Holders of Bonds

may bring

Atlions thereon.

A nnuirir: to be

redeemable determined by

the City on f»>e

M jnths Notice.

