A. D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. C. 26. 199

which arc, or For the Time being shall be, worth the yearly Rent of five Pounds and upwards, and under Yen *ad vufot

the yearly Rent of fifty Pounds, the yearly Sum of Sixpence in the Pound ; and upon and for every

Dwelling-house inhabited, together with the Household Offices therewith occupied, which noware, or aii^vorh*^l.

hereafter shall be, erected within the Kingdom of Great Britain^ and which are, or for the Time being a Year and up-

shall be, worth the yearly Rent of fifty Pounds and upwards, the yearly Sum of one Shilling in the Pound, wards, is, in

to be estimated and ascertained in Manner herein-after expressed. the Pound,

II. Provided nevertheless, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that the said several yearly The new Dutiet

Sums of Sixpence and one Shilling in the Pound, hereby respectively charged as aforesaid, shall be paid to be paid over

over and above, and in Addition to, the respective Duties charged upon Houses, by virtue of an Act,

made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An At1 for repealing the several Hoofed by the

Duties upon HouseSy Windows, and Lights $ and for granting to his Majesty other Duties upon Housesy Win- Act $ Geo. lilt

dowsy and Lights.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Duties by this Act The Duties, in

granted as aforesaid, shall, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and in Wales, be paid quarterly,

on the four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; (that is to say,) the fifth Day of January, the fifth -aaCF’ J?.

Day of Aprily the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of Oftobery in every Year, by equal Portions; p

the first Payment thereupon to be made on the tenth Day of October next: And in that Part of Great and in Scotland

Britain called Scotlandy on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September yearly, for the Half Year betwixt half-yearly*

Whitsunday and Martinmas-day \ and on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March yearly, for the Half Year

betwixt Martinmas-day and Ivhitfunday.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Duties granted by this Act, as TheDutieito

aforesaid, shall be charged only upon the Inhabitants or Occupiers for the Time being of the Houses or be charged on

Tenements hereby charged, his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators, and not on the the Occop«er«f

Landlord or Landlords who let or demised the fame. Landlord^

4 V. And whereas several Manufactures, Trades, Occupations, and Callings, necessarily require Ware-

c houses and Buildings requisite for carrying them on, by reason whereof the Persons concerned therein

* are obliged to pay large Rents, or have laid out considerable Sums thereon, and it may be a great Hard-

* ship upon such Persons to be rated to the full Extent of their respective Rents, or of the Value of the

€ Premises above mentioned be it further enacted and declared. That such Premises shall not be liable Wtrcboofei,&c.

to the Dury imposed by this Act, but the Aflbflment shall be made on the Dwelling-house only, with the BOt toth*

HouTehdd Offices belonging to it. Du*»

VD Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Duty shall be im- nor poor Perfom

posed, assessed, or levied, by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any Dwelling-house, Cottage, or *ho we not

Tenement, whereof the Occupier or Occupiers, by reason of his, her, or their Poverty only, is or are to Church

exempted from the actual Payment of usual Taxes, Assessments, and Contributions, towards the Church an4Poor#

and Poor.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Duties by this Act imposed as How tbeDotle*

aforesaid shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and received, by Persons to be appointed by the fame grantH by this

Authority, and shall be paid into his Majesty’s Exchequer for the Purposes in this Act expressed, in such f2

and the like Form and Manner, and with such Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and leaed*^0"

Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are prescribed or appointed for 9

assessing, railing, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying, the Duties on Houses and Windows or

Lights, in and by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act 10 Geo. II,

for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Housesy Windows, and Lights ; and for granting to his Majesty CaP»

other Rates and Duties upon HouseSy WindoivSy or Lights ; and for raising the Sum offour millions four hundred

thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties ; and by another Act, made in the

twentieth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled. An At7 to enforce the Execution of an Act of Cap. 4*,

this Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or

Lights; and by an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Act Gco* U*

for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the Execution of an Act, passed in the la ft Section of Parliament, C'P*I0*

intituled, 44 An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and

44 for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising

44 the Sum of four millions four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates

44 or Duties;” and by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, in- 26 Geo. U.

tituled. An Act for the more effectual levying of the Duties upon Windows or Lights, in that Part of Great Cap. 17.

Britain called Scotland ; and by an Act, male in the thirty-first Year of the Rci^n of his laid late Majesty, 31 Ceo. It.

intituled. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions ; and upon C“P*ll*

Houses; and upon Win lows or Lights; and for raising the Sum of five millions by Annuities. and a Lottery, to

he charged on the said Rates and Duties ; and by an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his pre- * Geo. III.

fern Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon IP indews or Lights ;

and by the said herein-before mentioned Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

or by any of them, so far as the fame now remain in Force, or are not altered by this Act ; and that all

and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Chiufes, Matters, and

Things now in Force, contained in the said several Acts, or any of them, for the assessing, raising, levy-

ing, collecting, arid paying, the Rates and Duties thereby granted, shall be in full Force, and be duly

©bferved, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, for the al-

fefling, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the several Duties upon Houses or Tenements by this Act

granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, ns the fame are or may be, for the afldling,

xaifing, levying, collecting, and charging, the Rates and Duties granted by the aforesaid Acts, or any of

Dd 2 them,

