201

A.D. 1778. • Anno decimo oltavo Georgii III, C. 26.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person to be appointed Assessor A (Terrors to be

as aforesaid shall, before he presumes to ad> in the Execution of the Lid Office or Employment, take fwo;n*

(betides the Oaths required to be taken by Assessors by the aforesaid Acts, or any of them) an Oath, or,

being one of the People called S$itakeny make and subscribe the solemn Affirmation, in the following

Form:

4 T A. B. do swear (or affirm, as the Cafe may reqiitre). That, in the Assessment which I shall make of the The Oath.

4 A Houses and Household Offices within the Distridt or Parish for which I am appointed an Afftflbr, I

4 will rate each at the true annual Value, according to The heft of my Judgment and Skill; and that 1 will

4 truly and faithfully execute the Trusts reposed in me, by virtue of an Act of the eighteenth Year of his

4 present Majesty, for imposing a new Duty on all Houses of five Pounds a Year, and upwards.

1 So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation any two or more of the Commissioners in the County, Shire, Stewartry, City,

or Place, where the said Assessment is to be made, are hereby empowered and required to administer.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, so to be appointed AflciTor, shall presume to act

in the Execution of the said Office or Employment, before he shall have taken the aforesaid Oath (except

such Person shall he a Quaker, and shall have made such Affirmation as aforesaid), he shall forfeit and pay,

for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds; to be recovered in any Court of Record, by Action

of Debt, Kill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than

one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that the Forfeitures or Penalties so to be incurred (all necessary

Charges for the Recovery thereof being first deducted), shall be distributed, one Moiety thereof to and for

the Ule of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or her who shall inform or

sue for the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons, to be appointed Affef-

fors as aforesaid, do and shall, before the tenth Day of September in the present Year, and in all future

Years before the twenty-fourth Day of June, estimate and ascertain, according to the heft of their Skill

and Judgment, the full and just yearly Rent, which every such Dwelling-house, with the Household Of-

fices therewith occupied and hereby charged as aforesaid, within the Limits and Places for which they are

to act, is really and bona fide worth to be let; and do and shall make an Assessment in Writing of Six-

pence in the Pound, according to such Estimate or Valuation, upon the Occupier or Occupiers of every

such Dwelling-house, together with other the Premises as aforesaid therewith occupied, of the yearly Va-

lue of five Pounds and upwards, and under the yearly Rent of fifty Pounds, in respect thereof; and of one

Shilling in the Pound, according to such Estimate or Valuation, upon the Occupier or Occupiers of every

such Dwelling-house, together with other the Premises as aforesaid therewith occupied, of the yearly Value

of fifty Pounds and upwards, in respect thereof: And do and shall, by Writing under their respective

Hands, certify the Number of Houses, and other the Premises together with each of such Houses occu-

pied respectively, charged by this Act, within the Limits of such Places as aforesaid, together with the

Kents estimated and ascertained as aforesaid for or in respect of the fame respectively; and the Names of

the several Occupiers or Inhabitants thereof respectively; and the several Sums of Money charged on and

payable by them, for or in respect of the fame, by virtue of this Act: And likewise do and shall, on or

before the tenth Day of September in the present Year, and in all future Years on or before the twenty-

fourth Day of June in every Year, deliver the Certificates or Assessments, to be made by them respectively

as aforesaid, unto the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them.

XV71 if. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, to whom

such All- ffments shall be delivered in pursuance of this Act, or any two of them, shall, within the Space

of one Calendar Month next arfrer the Receipt of the fame respectively, or as soon after as conveniently

may be, let their Hands to the said respective Assessments, and to such Surcharge or Surcharges as shall

or may have been made in the mean time, either by the fame Assessors, or by such Surveyor or Surveyors

as is or are herein-after mentioned, testifying their Allowance of the fame; and shall likewise nominate

and appoint two of the Persons named in each of such Affi foments to be Collectors, or any other two such

Persons a* they shall think able and responfible, for the respective Divisions and Places for which they shall

be so presented, and shall forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered, such Assessments so by them allowed

of, unto the respective Persons by them nominated to be Collectors for each Year respectively, who ate

hereby enjoined and required to collect and pay the Duties hereby assessed, and to ^ive Acquittances lor

the fame ; for whose paying unto the Receiver-general now appointed, or for the Time being to be ap-

pointed by his Majesty, or by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being,

or the High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, in Manner hereby di-

rected, such Money as they shall be charged withal, the Parish or Place for which they are so employed

shall be answerable.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all privileged and other Places being extraparochial, and not

within the Constablewicks or Precincts of the respective Assessors to be appointed by virtue of this Act,

the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to nominate

and appoint two fit Persons living in or near the said privileged or other Places as aforesaid, to be Assessors

for the said Places, and to make and return their laid Aiieffments in like Manner as by this Act is ap-

pointed in any Parish, Tything, or Place; and also to appoint two or more Collectors, who arc hereby

required to collect and pay the some according to the Rates appointed by this Act for collecting and paying

ail Sums of Muncy payable by this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any three

or more of them, shall, and they arc hereby authorised and required strictly to perufc the Certificates or

Assessments*

Assessor ailing

before hr is

Iwot n, shall for-

feit sol.

Application of

the Penalties.

A He (Tor? to

ascertain, an-

nually, the full

yearly K rnt of

all occupied

Houses within

their Dilbidi,

and to alleys

them accord-

ingly: All rhofe

o; 5 1. a Year

and unc'er 50 I.,

at 6 d. in the

Pound,* and all

those of 50 1. a

Year and up-

wards, at 1 s. in

the Pound,

AlTcllbrs to cer-

tify to the Com-

nriufioners the

Number <jf

Houses, with

the Names of

the Occupiers,

and the Sums

charred on

them, dec.

CommtUionera

to sign ttie Af-

feUrntmti, and

to appoint two

Collectors for

each D:\ifion,

to whom the

said A(Vt*Amenta

shall be deliver-

ed, &c.

Directions for

appointing All*

fetlors, &c. in

pi iv*legal

Places.

ComnvfTieners

re.ju rrd to p-.r-

uic the Comii-,

