54-

PoTchafer* on

Payment ofPur-

ch.ife-money, to

be vetted in Fcc-

litnple, &c.

The Crown not

to fell mote

than *50 Acres,

betimes In>

croachmen's.

Applicat on of

the Purchal'e-

money.

Edmonton Al-

lotment annexed

to that Parish,

Somh Mlmms

«nd Old Fold

Allotments an-

nexed to South

Jtdirnms Paiifli.

Monken Hadley

Allotments an-

nexe J to Mor.-

ken Hadley

Parish.

The rest of the

Chafe to belong

toLntteld Parish.

C. 17. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii.III. A.D. 1777.

think fit, giving nevertheless unto every Tenant and Tenants of his Majesty the Preference and Option of

purchasing the respective Incroachment or Incroachments held or occupied by such respective Tenant or

Tenants, at such fair and reasonable Price or Prices, as shall be so put or set thereon by the said Chancellor

and Council: And that upon Payment by the respective Purchasers of such Sums of Money, as shall be so

agreed upon as the Prices for the Purchases of the Premises respectively, into the Hands of the Receiver-

general of the Revenues of the said Duchy for the Time being, it shall and may be lawful to and for the

Chancellor of the said Duchy for the Time being, by Deed or Writing under the Seal of the said Duchy,

to grant, convey, and release, in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, unto such several

and respective Purchasers, and their Heirs, in Fec-simple, the several and respective Cottages, Buildings,

and Inclosures, and Parcels of Land or Ground, by him, her, or them respectively purchased, free from

all Rents and Payments whatsoever; which said Deeds or Writings, so sealed as aforesaid, shall beeffectual

and sufficient in Law to vest in every such Person, arid his Heirs, the Fee-simple and Inheritance of the

several Cottages, Buildings, Inclosures, and Lands, therein to be comprized and described, notwithstand-

ing the aforesaid Act of the first Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, or any other Act or Acts, or other Im-

pediment or Disability whatsoever.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to give unto the said Chancellor and Council any Power or Authority to make Sale

or convey beyond the Quantity, in the whole, of two hundred and fifty Acres of his Majesty*s said Allot-

ment, over and besides the Incroachments thereon.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which shall arise by Sale of the said Cottages,

Buildings, Inclosures, and Parcels of Land, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver-general of the Re-

venues of the said Duchy of Lane after for the Time being, whose Receipts and Acquittances shall be en-

tered as of Record by the Clerk of the Council of the said Duchy ; and the fame, or a Copy of such Re-

ceipts or Acquittances, shall be full and sufficient Discharges to the Persons so paying the fame 1 and such

Monies shall be applied and disposed of by the said Receiver-general, under the Order and Direction of the

said Chancellor and Council, in Aid of the Fund herein-before provided by or from the Sale of Timber,

and as Part of such Fund, to and for the like Uses and Purposes to which the said Fund is herein-before di-

rested to be applied.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Portion or Allotment of the said Chafe hereby assigned to or for

the Benefit of the Parish of Edmonton, and all Incroachments which shall become veiled in the Church-

wardens of that Parish (save and except in respect of the Tythes of the said Allotment, or of Lands which

may be set apart in lieu of such Tythes), and all Messuages, Buildings, and Inclosures whatsoever, within

the Circuit or Limits of the said last-mentioned Allotments, which are now Part of the said Parish of En-

field, shall be for ever hereafter annexed to and become Part of the said Parish of Edmonton, and be rated

and assessed to all parliamentary and parochial Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, in and for the said Parish of

Edmonton, and in and for no other Parift), Township, Precinct, or District; and that all such of the

Owners and Occupiers of the said Messuages, Buildings, and Inclosures, annexed to the said Parish of Ed*

monton, as are, in respect thereof, intitled to a Right of Common within the said Chafe (if any such there

be), shall have and be intitled to the fame Right of Common upon the said Edmonton Allotment, as they

or any of them would have been intitled unto, within and upon the said Chafe, in case this Act had not

been made.

XLI. And be it further enacted. That all the aforesaid Portion or Allotment of the said Chafe, hereby

assigned to or for the Benefit of the Freeholders and Copyholders of the Parish of South Mimmsy and all

Messuages, Buildings, Inclosures, and Incroachments whatsoever, within the Circuit or Limits of the said

last-mentioned Allotment, which are now within and Part of the Parish of Enfield ; and also the Portion or

Allotment.of the said Chafe herein-before assigned to the Owner of the Manor of Old Fcld^ and every of

them, shall be for ever hereafter annexed to and become Part of the said Parish of South Mimms, and be

rated and assessed to all parliamentary and parochial Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, in and for the said

Parish of South Mimms> and in and for no other Parish, Township, Precinct, or District.

XLII. And be it further enacted. That the said several Portions or Allotments of the said Chafe, con-

taining together two hundred and forty Acres, hereby assigned to or for the Benefit of the Incumbent of the

peculiar Donative or Parish Church of Monken Hadley, and his Successors, and the Freeholders, Copy-

holders, Lessees, and Tenants of the said Parish of Monken Hadley, together with all such Lands abutting

upon the said Parish of Monken Hadley as are hereafter enfranchised to the several Owners or Pofleflors

thereof, shall be for ever hereafter annexed to and become Part of the said Parish of Alonken Hadley, and

be rated and assessed to all parliamentary and parochial Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, within and for the

said Parish of Aionken Hadley, and in and for no other Parish, Township, Precinct, or District.

XL111. And be it further enacted, That all the RefiJue and Remainder of the said Chafe, and all other

Houses, Lodges, Buildings, Inclosures, and Incroachments thereon, which shall not become vested in the

Churchwardens of the said several Parishes of Edmonton, South Mimms, and Monken Hadley, or the Incum-

bent of Monken Hadley, or the Owner or Proprietor of the Manor of Old Fold, shall be for ever hereafter

afftfled and rated to all parliamentary and parochial Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, within and for the

Lid Parish of Enfield (Assessments to the Highways of the said Parish, in respect of such Parts of the said

Chafe as are herein-after erected into a separate District, only and always excepted) ; and that all such un-

inclosed Parts of the said Chafe as are by this Act assigned to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall

be subject and liable to all parliamentary and parochial Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, to the said Parish

of Enfield, from the twenty-fifth Day of Alarch, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; and that

from thenceforth, for and during rhe Term of thirty Years next following, all the said Lands within the

said Chafe hereby nfligned to his Majesty, except the several Lodges and Lands thereto belonging, shall be

deemed and considered as Lands let to Tenants at a Rack Rent of ten Shillings per Acre per /!nnuwy and

2 no

