A. D. 1779V Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C. 43. 401

be awarded, shall, before any actual Sale of his, her, or their Goods, or before he, (he, or they, is, are, In what Cafes

or shall be taken and apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprison-

ment, pay, or cause to he paid, or tendered, unto the Clerk or Clerks of the Court, who shall issue such up

Precept, such Sum or Sums of Money, and Costs, together with one Shilling, as a Reward for his or

their Trouble in receiving and paying over such respcflive Debts and Costs to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

and entering Acknowledgment of Satisfaction, in the Book or Register of the said Court, for such Debt

and Costs, and all'o the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence for Gaol Fees, in case such Party or Parties

shall have been committed to Prison, then and in such Cafe and Cafes the Execution shall be superfeded,

and the Body or Bodies, and Goods, of such Party or Parties, shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Serj^ntifoflfer-

Court, who shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful Connivance or Negle£, cood" tobere^

cause or suffer the Party or Parties, against whom such Execution shall be awarded, to escape or ab'.cond, .^ed, to pay

or the Goods of such Party or Parties to be carried away or secreted, so as such Execution shall not have Debt and Costs#

its due Effect, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them,

assembled in Court, upon Complaint, and due Proof made upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more cre-

dible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Serjeant or Serjeants to pay the Sum or Sums of Money, for

which the said Execution was awarded, to the Party or Parties Complaining, and to enforce the Payment

thereof by the fame Method and Means as are herein-before provided for the Payment of other Debts.

XVill. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person shall be capable of acting commissioeo*

as a Commissioner in the Execution of this A&, until he shall have taken an Oath, or (being of the People to be sworn,

called Quakers) made an Affirmation, to the following Effect; (that is to say)

c T A. 5. do swear [or affirm], That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of The Oath#

my Judgment, hear and determine all such Matters and causes as shall be brought before me by virtue

4 of an Act of Parliament^r the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Soake of Horncastle,

4 and Wapentakes of Wraggoe and Gartiee (except the Parish of Great Sturton), and within the Wapentakes

4 of Louth Efke, Ludborough and Calceworth, and Partjhes of Wrangle, Leake, Leverton, Benington,

4 Butterwick, Freifton, ana Fishtoft, in the County 3/* Lincoln, without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or

4 Malice to cither Partyi

4 So help me GOD/

t * ■

Which Oath the respective Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, or any of the Commissioners who shall have Memorial them*

taken such Oath, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court; and the said of to bereft

respective Clerk or Clerks of the said Court shall enter, or cause a Memorial thereof to be entered, in the

Register of the said Court where the fame shall be taken.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Attorney at Law, or Solicitor of any Court whatsoever, shall No Attorney or

be allowed to plead or maintain any Privilege against the Process, Authority, Jurisdiction or Judgment of Solicitor to pleas

;the said Court of Requests, or be admitted to appear in the said Court as. an Attorney or Advocate in J*ethrt

Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant. ( . i. . ^ j ©nuquesta.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the several Fees herein-after limited Fee* to b« taken

and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the respective Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants, or byOffleem

their Successors, for their several and respective Services in the Execution of this A St j (that is to say)

To the CLERKS.

- , / , i

For entering every Cause, Sixpence. * - The Clerk#*

For iflutng every Summon?, Sixpence.

For every Subpoena, Sixpence.

For calling the Plaintiff and Defendant before the Court, each Three-pence.

For every Hearing or Trial, Sixpence.

For swearing every Witness, Plaintiff, or Defendant, Three-pence.

For every Order, Judgment, or Decree, Sixpence.

For 3 Nonsuit, Sixpence.

For every Search in the Books, Three-pence.

For paying Money into Court, Sixpence.

If by Installments, Sixpence in the Pound more.

For taking Money out of Court, and acknowledging Satisfaction in the Clerk’s Book, Sixpence.

For every Attachment, Sixpence.

For every Execution, Sixpence.

For every Warrant of Commitment for an Tnfult or Misbehaviour in the Court, or to the Commissioners* -

Clerks, or Officers of the Court, One Shilling.

To the SERJEANTS.

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or Subpoena, if within any of the Towns of Horncaftfei The Segeanty

Wragby^ Tatterjhall9 Louth, Alford^ and Saltfteetj and Parish of Freiftony and attending the Court with

the Return thereof. Sixpence.

If out of any, of the said Towns, or the (aidPari(h of FreiJUn, where the said Courts are directed to be

held. Three-pence more for every Mile,

fox calling the Plaintiff and Defendant before the Cpurt* One Penny each*

. . . 4 . . " , • ’ . Fot

