i68

Cranebrook, Sec,

from issuing to

their Outfall*.

If the Commis-

fionns shall

make a Drain

across any Road

or Droveway,

they (ha'l rre&

proper Bridges.

How Justices to

proceed for Con-

viction of Of*

fenders.

Form of Convic-

tion.

Saving Clause to

the Cot portion

of Bed fold Level.

Limitation of

Actions,

<3eneral Jflue,

C. 65. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

east Side of C^anebroch and South-weft Side of the Outring Ditch of the North Meadlands, aforesaid, or

any other Watercourses, Dikes, or Drains, running in, by, or through the said Lands and Grounds

within the Boundaries described as aforesaid, from issuing and passing to their accustomed Outfalls ; and

that they the said Commissioners shall, and are hereby authorised and required to (cour our, cleanse, and

keep such old Dikes, Drains, Sewers, and Watercourses, as have hereto'ore been made, used, or kept in

Repair by the said Commissionerp, in good and sufficient Repair and Condition for conveying the said

W aters to their said Outfalls; any Thing in this or the said former Ad contained to the contrary in any-

\vife notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Com mi flionc'rs shall make or tife any Drain

or Cut across any Road or Droveway, they shall, and are hereby authorised and required to ered, or cause

to be eredtd, and, from Time to l ime, to keep in Repair, proper Bridges for the Use and Convenience of

all Persons passing and repassing along such Road or Droveway ; and also that during the Time that any

Bridge or Bridges, Tunnel or Tunneis, across any Drain or Drains that now is or are, or hereafter shall

be made across a certain Road or Way called lretons it ay or Mr pa I Bank,* shall be erecting or repairing,

the Lid Commissioners shall also erect and keCp up a proper temporary Bridge, or proper temporary

Bridges, over such Drain or Drains, for the Use and Convenience of all Persons passing or rep ailing along

the said Way or Bank, so that the Road or Way along the said Bank may not, at any Time, be thereby

flopped or impeded.

4 XXV. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, and the said for-

4 mer Ad,* be it fu ther enacted, That all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace, before whom

any Per on or Persons shall be convicted of any OJftnce against this Act, or the said former Ad, so far

as the fame relates to the said Lands or Grounds so herein before bounded and delciibed, fh.il! and may*

cau'e the Conviction to he drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to

the fame hfftd, as the Cafe shall happen ; videlicet:

4 T)E it remembered, Thar, on the Day of in the Year of our Lori

4 A B is convicted before me C. D one of his Majesty’s

4 Justices of the Peace for the Isle of Ely feither on h:$ own Confeftion, or on Oath of one or more credible

4 Witness or Wi n* lies, as the Cafe Jhal! /»r], determined by virtue of an Act made in the seventeenrh Year of the

4 Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for amending and rendering more effectual an Act made in the

4 twenty-second ear of the Rtign cf King Gcoige tie Second, intituled, 44 An Act for draining and p~e-

44 serving certain Fen Lands and Low G otinds in the 'everal P irilhes of Sutton, ALepnl, Hitcham, Chat-

44 feris, Doddingto*\ and a PI cc called Byal fen, in the Ijle of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and a so in

c< the Parishes of Some'sham and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon so far as the fame

4 relates to the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Parishes Sutton, M<piL VV itch am, Chatteris,

4 and a Pi ce called By. I ftn, in the Isle of Ely, in the said Act dderb-d ; Ifpeefying the Offence, and the

4 Time and Place when and where the fame ivas committed. os the Cafe shall be J.

4 Given un er my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above written/

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing

herein mentioned, shall nor extend, or heconftrued to extend, to impower the fafd Commissionets or any

of them, to have, use, or exercise any Power or Authority over, or to intermeddle with any of the Sewers,

Drains, or Works already made, or her* after to he made, by the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of

The Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, by virtue of an Act of- Par-

liamen* made in the ffeemh Year of the Reign of Kin^ Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling

the draining of the Fens called Bedford Level, or by virtue of any other Act or Starute whatsoever; or to

invalidate, 1 lien, diminish, alter, or t ke away any of the Rights, Powers, and Authorities veiled in the

fain Govern r, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators; but that all

Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, which by virtue of the said Act, or any other Act or Statute

wha»soever, are now vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or the said Governor, Bai-

liffs, and Coniervators, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and he in the said Go-

vernor, Bailiffs, and Commonadv, and in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, and every of

th m, s fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act h id never been made.

XXVII. And it is herrby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit, or

Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Perfnns for any Thing done or to

be done in purfuan e of this or the former Ad, or in Execution of any the Powers and Authorities

her^hv or thereby given, every such Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted

wiihin six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards; and shall be la>d or

brougtv in the Court of Sessions of Pleas of the said Ifeof Ely, or in the County of Cambridge, and not

eKewnere ; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General

I flue, N"t Guilty 5 and if in Replevin, may justify and avow, by virtue of this Act, or the former Ad,

as Persons acting by the Authority of Commissioners of Sewe s are enable ! to do, and give this or the

former Ad, and the special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same (other than a-> afore-

said), at any T'rial to be thereupon had ; and that the Fad alledged to have been done was done in pur-

fuanc e an by the Authority of this or the former Ad : And if the fame shall appear to be so done, or if

any fu h Action or Suit shall be brought aftef the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be

brought in any other County or Place, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avow-

ant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear a Prosecution, or dif-

continue his, her, or their Suit or Suits, or if any Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them,

upon Demurrer or otherwise; then, in any of the said Cafes, the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or

Avowants,

