A.D. *780. Anno vicesimo Georgii IIT. C. 51. 583

berty of Westmins1try (hair, the first Tuesday or Wednesday in every Month, and such other Person so don or Westmin-

licensed as aforesaid, residing within five Miles of the City of London or Liberty of LVejhninJler, or within £er> criw?th"1

the Hills of Mortality, shall, the first Thursday or Friday in every Month, or at such other Tirpes as may ot-e0^7hc|i, j

be appointed by the said Commissioners, on public Notice given in the Gazette, bring in and deliver to the of Vio/tai-.tv

Commissioners, or to the Person or Per fans appointed by them for the Purpose of receiving the fame, at Hull deliver rvir

the Head Office, the Accounts herein-before directed, for the four Weeks ending on the Saturday pre- Account at the

ceding such Day of Delivery* and shall, within eight Days thereafter, pay such Sum and Sums of Money s amp-offive,

which shall appear to be due thereon to the Receiver-general for the Time being of the Duties on damped c*

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to the proper Officer for the Time being for collecting the said Duties,

for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at the Head Office in Lincoln s Inn, or wherever else

the famemay be held, upon Pain of forfeiting ten Pounds for every Default in not delivering in such Ac-

count, and double the Amount of the Money so due and payable, from such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or

other Person, for the said Rates or Duties, for the Nonpayment thereof.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That every roftmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person so licensed Where'andwi tn

as aforesaid1, not residing within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within five Miles of the fame, or licensed Person*

within the Bills of Mortality, shall, at such Times and Places to be appointed for that Purpose, as herein- p7rt«Sof

after mentioned, produce and deliver the Accounts herein-before directed for the Weeks ending on the

Saturday preceding such Delivery, and then unaccounted for, to the Person or Persons duly authoris'd dcii*VrIm-ii Vic-

and commissioned, under the Hands and Seals of three of the said Commissioners for managing the Duties counts, &c.

oti damped Vellum-, Parchment, and Paper, to receive such Accounts, and the Money due thereon, and

at the fame Time pay to such Person or Persons all Sum and Sums of Money which shall appear to be due

upon such Accounts, under the Penalty of ten Pounds for every Default in not delivering such Accounts,

and double the Amount of the Money due and payable from such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person,

for the said Rates or Duties, -for the Nonpayment thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or Poflmifler?, *c.

other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, shall enter, or cause to be entered, in his weekly Account, the to enter Ticket*

Tickets so HTued by him, her, or them, on the Day in which the fame shall be issued; and if any Post- in their weekly

Vnafter, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall date any of the Porting Tickets, or Day Tickets by him or her p^C0(uhncc

delivered, in any other Manner than as the fame shall, at the Tjme of such Delivery, be entered in his or iirocd.

her weekly Account or Accounts, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sjim

t>f twenty Shillings; to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed.

XXIII. And belt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Ticket, delivered from All Ticket*

the Stamp-office, that shall appear with the Number of Miles expressed therein, either in Words or Fi- %,huKombe?

gutes, shall be deemed a Ticket upon which the Duty has been received, and shall be accounted arid paid *hereio*Aaii

M by the Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, according to such Number of Horses and Miles marked b« according ,

thcVeori,1 at and after the Rate aforesaid. ’} piid for by the ,

' XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster, Innkeepef, Poftmtfter, &c.

or other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, who shall be guilty of any wilful Concealment, or making false Ptnaityon Post-

Accounts, or any other fraudulent Contrivance, Device, or Pretence whatsoever, with an Intent or De- ftc*who

sign -to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Rates or Duties imposed by this Act, w defraud* to*

or any Part thereof, such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, Majesty of the

to be recovered as herein-after directed; and the said Commissioners shall and may, if they shall so thiflk Rateiimposed

fit, after Judgment obtained against such Offender, refuse to grant to such Offender any Licence in bytUifAa.

future.

4 XXV. And, in order to prevent the evading the Payment of the Duties hereby granted, by permit- EteryPoftmtf-

4 ting Carriages conveying Persons Post to be drawn by Horses which have paid the Duty for the Stage, ter, &e. who

4 under the Pretence of such Horses being upon the Return Home be it further enacted by the Au-

thority aforesaid, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, who shall take the Hire for such

Horses by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, shall be considered as the Person to whom the Duties herein- fran be account-

before granted shall be paid, and shall be chargeable with and accountable for the fame, as if such Post- aUeforthcDuty,

matter, Innkeeper, or other Person, was the actual Proprietor of such Horses, although the fame may

belong to, and be the Property of, any other licensed Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person. 1

4 XXVI. And, in order to prevent evading the Payment of the Duties hereby granted upon Horfts NoPoAmarter,

4 hired by the Mile or Stage, under the Pretence of the letting such Horses for a Day, or any Iefs Period *c. »t whofa

4 of Time/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, aft H?,oftiinJr, Tra"

whose Inn, House, or other Place, kept for letting Horses to Hire, any Traveller or Travellers shall *hwee Horses

change Horses, shall let to Hire any Horse or Horses, to such Traveller or Travellers, in any other Man- frail letthem*

«er than by the Mile or Stage; and if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall act contrary here^ a ay otherwise

to, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered th»n *>y the

as herein-after mentioned. M»ie or Stage.*

4 XXVII. And, for the Encouragement of the Toll-gate Keepers to be attentive and vigilant in the Toll-gate Keep.

4 Execution of thi9 Ad, and as a Compensation for their Trouble,' be it enacted by the Authority afore- robe allowed

said. That all and every Toll-gate Keeper shall be, and is hereby authorised to demand and receive, from 3d* ^ £ound

the Colledorco whom he, she, or they shall deliver the Day Tickets and Posting Tickets, in the Manner they (haliVlivw

hereinafter directed and prescribed, the Sum of three Pence for every Pound Sterling which the Duties toColicflors.

upon any such Ticket shall amount unto, and at and after that Rate for any Iefs Sum than a Pound Ster-

ling; and such Collector is hereby authorised to pay and allow the fame accordingly; and that such Allow-

ance of nhree Pence in the Pound shall be over and above the Allowance or Privilege hereby given to such

Toll-gate Keepers of retaining the Money by him, her, or them, collcded from such Traveller oi* Tra-

4 F 2 vellers.

