The TITLES of the STATUTES.

enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the twenty-

fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repair-

ing and amending several Roads leading homUpton, in

the County of Woreefter, and other Roads therein men -

tioned; and for amending the Road leading from the

White Cross, in the Parish of Hanley CaJlU, in the said

County, to the River Severn.

90. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Lei-

ceflier, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby-

de-la-Zouch, in the paid County.

91. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road lead-

' ing from Stratford upon Avon to Edghill, in the County of

Warwick*, and for repealing the several Laws now in

Force relating to the said Road.

9a. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and

amending the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the

County Palatine of Lancaster*, and for repealing several

Acts, made in the thirteenth Year of King George the

First, and the fourth and twenty-third Years of his late

Majesty, relating to the said Roads.

93. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road

from a certain Bridge over a Brook or Stream called Sud-

irooi, near the City of Gloucffler, to the Nine Mile

Stone on the Brifol Road, at or near a Place called The

Clay Pits, in the County of Gloucester.

94 An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the

Powers* of two Acts, made in the twenty-sixth and

twenty-ninth Yeats of the Reign of his late Majesty,

for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of White

Sheet Hill, in the Parijo of Donhead Saint Andrew, in

the County of Wilts, and several other Roads therein

mentioned, in the Counties of Dorset, Somerset, and

' Wills.

9^# An Act for repealing an Act, made in the twenty-

fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, for repatring and widening the Road from

Alemouth, through the Town of Alnwick, to Rothbury,

- and from thence to the Town of Hexham; and also the

Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, between Alnwick

and Rothbury, to Jockey’s Dike Bridge, in the County of

Northumberland; and for making more effectual rro-

vifton for the Repair of the said Roads.

96. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act

for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield,

in the County of York, through the Towns of Hathersage,

Hope, Castleton, to Sparrowpit-gate, in the County

rf Ucrby, and from the Guide Post, near Barber’s Fields

Cupola, through Grindleford-bridge, Great Hucklow,

Trdfwell, Hargate-wall, and Fairfield, to Buxton, in

the County of Deihy*

97. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the

Powers, of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty , for repairing the Road from

the City of Carlisle to the Town of Penrith, in the County

C Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith to

mont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumber-

land and Westmoreland.

9&. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the

Powers, of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

far repairing and widening the Road leading from Flimwell

Vent, in toe Parish of Ticehurst, in the County g/*Sussex,

to the Town and Port of Hastings, in the said County.

99. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Gander-lane in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in the

Weft Riding of the County of Tork\ and also the Road

4

branching out of the said Road at or near Mojbrough

green, in the said County of Derby, to Clown, in the

lame County.

too. An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering and va-

rying the Powers, of io much of an Act, made in the

thirty-second Year of the Reign of his la.e Majesty King

George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to

the Town of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and

other Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Roads

leading to the said Town.

101. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two

Acts made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second, and in the second

Year of tht Reign of his present Majesty, for repairingand

widening the Roads from Oxd >wngate in Pop nm-lane to

the City of Winchester, and from the said City through

Hursley to Chandler's Ford, and from Hursley aforesaid

to the Turnpike Road at Romley, and from the said Turn-

pike Road through Ring wood, in the County of Southamp-

ton, to Longham-bridge and Winborne Minster in the

County of Dorset, and for amending and widening the

Road from Ringwood-gate in the said County of South-

ampton to Wooljbridge, and from a Street called The Hun-

dred at Romsey, through Chihvorth, to the River at Swath-

ling in the said County.

102 An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Roads leading from Ludlowfach, in the County

of Carmarthen, to the Town of Llandovery, and from

thence through the Town of Llangadock to the River

Amman, and several other Roads in 1he laid County com-

municating therewith.

io$. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the

Powers, of an Act, made in the fifth Year of his pre-

sent Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, several Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the County

of Carmarthen, and also several Roads leading from Llan-

oilo, in the said County, so far as relates to the Roads in-

eluded in the Kidwelly District; and also for repairing,

widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads

within the said County.

104. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and

enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-

first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty> for repairing

and widening the Road from the Swan Inn at Leatherhead,

to the Maypole at the upper End of Spital or Somerset

Street, in the Parish of Stoke, near the Town of Guide-

ford, in the County of Surrey,

ioc. An Act for continuing the Term and altering the

Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle in the

County of Cumberland, to the Market and Seaport Town

of Workington in the said County, so far as the fame re-

lates to the Road between the Town of Csckermouth and

Workington aforesaid.

ic6. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers, of an Act* made in the twenty-

sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repair^

ing and widening the Roads from the East End of Brough

under Stainmore, in the County of Weltmoreland, by the

End of Appleby Bridge, to Lamont Bridge, in the said

County.

107. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so

much of an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign

of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An

Att for amenaing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the

Roads from the Town of iVrexham, in the County of

Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint; and

Jt cm the Town of Mold /^Northcp, Holywell and Rhud-

' d!an, in the same County, and from thence to the Ferry-

' house,

