j 86

A Piece of

Ground within

the Borough of

Bodmin vested

in the Justices of

the County of

Cornwall ;

who are to build

a new Jail, Zee.

thereon.

Jail, Sec. to be

public.

Shejiff to hate

the keeping of

the J.til and

Prison,*

and Justices of

the House of

JCorredion.

Debtors Prison

to be maintain-

ed by the She-

riff.

Contract for

building the Jril,

&c. confirmed.

Justices may

contrail for

Land, for the

Purpose of

bringing Water

to the Jail.

Guardians,

Trofti.es, &c.

empowered to

I'dJ.

C. 17/ Annd decimo octavo Geoag 11 III. A.D. 1778.

and by the Authority of the same. That the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, situate, lying, and being

within the Borough of Bodmin aforesaid, Part of the Possessions of the Mayor and Burgesses of the said

Borough, and commonly called or known by the Name of Berrycoombe, otherwise Burcom, with the Ap-

purtenances, {hall, from and after the passing of this present Att, be settled upon and vested in, and the

lame is hereby thenceforth settled upon and vested in his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of and for the sauf

County of Cornwall for the Time being*

• II. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices to cause to

be built, cre&ed, perfected, and finished, upon the said Piece or Parcel of Ground hereby vested in them

as aforesaid, a strong, proper, and convenient Jail for the Confinement of Criminals, and also a Ward or

Prison for the secure keeping of Debtors, and likewise a House of Correction for the confining of certain

Offenders to be kept to hard Labour, or otherwise, as by Law they may be subject, together with proper

Places for the Residence of the Jailer, Turnkey, and Mailer or Keeper of the House of Correction re-

specfively ; and also such other Buildings and Conveniences as {hail, by the said Justices, to be assembled

in their General or Quarter Svflions, or the major Part of them, be from Time to Time adjudged requiftte

or proper for rendering the said intended Jail, Piifon, and House of Correction, more secure and commo-

dious, and best calculated to answer the respective Purposes for which the fame are to be ereCted.

HI. And be it further enacted. That the said intended Jail, Prison, and House of Correction, when

and as soon as the fame {hall respectively be built and finished, shall and are hereby declared to be a public

and common Jail, Prison, and House of Correction, for the said County ; and that as well the said in-

tended Jail, and the said other Jail within the Castle of Launceston aforesaid, as the said House of Cor-

KClioii, and the Buildings thpreto respectively belonging, {hall, from Time to Time, be maintained,

supported, and repaired, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as other Jails and Houses of

Correction in this Kingdom are by Law directed to be supported and maintained, any Thing in this Act

contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not with ft a if ding : And that the Sheriff of the said County

for the Time being {hall have the keeping of the said intended Jail and Prison, and shall have Power,

When the fame are respectively made fit for the Reception of Prisoners, to remove thither such or so many

of the Criminals and Debtors then in his Custody, as he shall think necessary or proper; which Removal

{hall not be deemed or taken to be an Escape : And that the said intended House of Corredion shall be-

long to and be under the Carp and Management of the* Justices of the said County for the Time being,

to be by them applied to such Uses and Purposes as Houses of Correction in general are by Law ap-

plicable to.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said intended Ward or Prison for Debtors, with the Buildings

thereto belonging, {hall from Time to Time, and at’ all Times after the fame {hall be ereCted and com-

pleted as aforesaid, be maintained, supported, and kept in Repair, by and at the Expence of the Sheriff

of the said County for the Time being; and that in case of any Default or Want of Repairs of the said

Prison at the Time of the immediate Sheriff for the Time being delivering over the Prisoners, then in his

Custody, to his Successor, such Sticcessor {hall have and be intitled to his Remedy or Action at Law

against his Predecessor, for Recovery of such Damages as shall be an adequate Satisfaction for such Want

of Repairs, together with his full Costs of Suit.

. V. And be it further enacted, That all such Contracts and Agreements as the said Justices have already

entered into, or {ball or may hereafter enter into, for the repairing the said Jail in the said Castle of Laun-

crston, and also for ereCting, completing, and perfecting the said intended new Jail, Prison, House of1

Correction, and other Buildings, with any Person or Persons whomsoever, shall be, and the fame ^re

hereby ratified, confirmed, and established, to and for all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

4 VI. And whereas it will be necessary, when the said intended new Jail, Prison, and House of Cor-

4 reCtion, are finished and perfected, that a certain Stream of Water should be carried and conveyed

* thereto, from a Place, within the said Borough of Bodmin, .called Fairwajh, through, over, and along

4 certain Lands and Grounds lying between that Place and the said Parcel of Ground called Berrycoombef

4 otherwise Burccm^ the Property of divers Persons, for the Purpose of supplying the said intended Jail,

4 Prison, and House of Correction, with Water; and the Owners of the said Lands having agreed that

4 the said Stream may be so conveyed over the fame for that Purpose, on having a reasonable Satisfaction

4 made to them for such Pernliflion be it therefore further enacted, That it {hall and may be lawful to

and for the said Justices, in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled, or the major Part of them, to

contrail and agree with the several Owners or Proprietors of, or other Persons interested in, the said,

Lands or Grounds through and over \yhich the said Stream of Water is intended to be carried, from she

said Place called Fairwajh, to the said new Jail, Prison, and House of Correction, for supplying the fame

with Water as aforesaid, for the Purchase of so much and such Part of the said Lands as {hall appear ne-

ceilary to be taken and used for that Purpose, or for the Liberty or permission of carrying such Stream of

Water through and over the fame: And that it {hall and may be lawful to and for all and every or any

Per fun or Persons, who are or {ball or may be seised or posseiled of, interested in, or intitled to, the said

Lan s and Grounds; and also for all Husbands, Guardians, and Trustees, Committees, Executors and

A dm in ill rators, and all other Trustees, .as well for themselves, as for and on Behalf of their Cejhtique

Truth, whether Infants or Jflue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes-covert, or other Persons whomsoever,

3nd to and for all Femes-covert seised or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every other

Person and Persons whomsoever, seised, possessed, interested, or intitled, of, in,-or to the said Lands and

GrounJs, or any Part thereof, under any Manner of Right or Title wh^tsoever, to enter into ContraCb

with the said Justices, in their General or Quaiter Sections assembled, or the major Part of them, for the

Sale of so much and such Part or Parts of the said Lands and Grounds as shall be thought neceil’ary, or be

required by them, for the conveying of the aforef.iid Stream of Water to the said intended Jail, Prison,

and House of Correction, though and over the said Lands and Grounds as aforesaid, or otherwise for thj

Liberty

e

