300

Toll*.

Prorifo.

•Owners of Vrf.

fcl» to permit

them to be

Jneafured,

•on Forfeiture

of 51.

Collectors and

other Officers to

be appointed.

Clause to prevent

evading the Pay-

ment of Rates

and Duties#

He&rr Munro,

&c, may go on

Board VefTeli,

and demand the

Rates ;

C, 70, Anno decimo octavo Georg 11 III. A. D. 1778.

and from ill and every the Matters and Owners of any Ships and Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boats

trading to and from the said Harbour, the following Tolls and Duties j videlicet,

For every Boll of Grain, confiding of four Firlots, one Halfpenny.

For every Boll of Meal,-one Farthing.

For every Barrel of English Coals, cor,fitting of three Winchester Bushels, one Halfpenny.

For every Ton of Scots Coals, confiding of twenty hundred Weight, Threepence.

For every Gross of Quart Bottles, one Penny ; and for other Bottles, in Proportion to their Size.

For each one hundred Bolls of Lirr.e, one Shilling and Sixpence.

For each Boll of foreign Salt, three Farthings.

For each Boll of native Salt, one Halfpenny.

For forty soli 1 Feet of Wood in Lrg% Fourpence.

For each one thousand Slates and Pantiles, Sixpence.

For each one thousand IFicks, Fourpence.

For each Barrel of Salmon, one Penny Farthing.

For each one hundred Salmon-kitts, one Shilling and Eightpence.

For each Barrel of Herrings, three Farthings.

For each one hundred Barrel-horps, one Halfpenny.

For each one hundred and fifty Haif-harrel Hoops, one Halfpenny.

For each one thousand Virginia Barrel-ttdves, one Sb’lling ; and lo in Proportion for other Staves.

For all coarse Goods not herein particularly rated, two Pounds on each one hundred Pounds of their

Value; and so in Proportion.

For each Barrel of Goods ufujlly imported or exported in Barrels, one Penny ; for each small Parcel,

one Halfpenny.

For all empty C^fe, One-fourth of what they pay when full.

And from ail and every the Mailers and Owners of any Ships, Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boats,

trading to and firm ihe find H.irbour, the following Anchorage Duties; videlicet,

For tv.' ry Vessel of three hundred Pons, or upwards, eight Shillings.

Fur every Veffi l from two hundred to three hundred Tons, seven Shillings.

For evciy Vvffi 1 from one hundred and rifiry to two hundred Tons, six Shillings.

For every Vefld from one hundred to one hundred and fifty Tons, five Shillings.

For every Veil'd from seventy-five to one hundred Tons, four Shillings.

For every Vessel from fifty to seventy-five Tons, three Shillings.

For every Vessel from thirty to fifty I ons, two Shillings.

For every Vessel from fifteen to thirty Tons, one Shilling.

For every Vellel from fix to fifteen Tons, Sixpence.

And for every Vellel under fix 'Pons, Threepence.

0

III. Provided always, That all and every the Matters and Owners of all Ships, Vessels, Barks, Lighters,

and Boats, that come within the Bar of Findhorn, and load or unload their Cargoes within the said Bar,

shall be liable to pay the said Rates and Anchorage Duties, whether they do or do not take the Benefit of

the Pier.

IV. And provided always. That the Matters and Owners of all Ships and Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and

Boats, trading to and from the said Harbour, and liable to the Payment of the Rates and Duties by this Act

imposed, shall fuss, r and permit the said Ships and Vessels, Barks, Lighters, and Boats, to be measured by

the said Hcttor Munro and his Forefaids, or by such Person or Persons as he or they shall, from Time to

Time, appoint for that Pu-pofc; and filial I pay the Rates and Duties aforesaid, according to such Mea*

furement; and that every Owner or Matter aforesaid, who shall refuse to have his or their Ship, Vessel,

Bark, Lighter, or Boat, measured as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay

the Sum of five Pounds Sterling to the said Hcfler Munro and his Forefaids.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, ’That it shall and may be lawful to the said

Heflor Munro and his Forefaids to nominate and appoint a Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers,

for levying the Rates and Duties by this A cl granted, and such other Officers and Servants as they shall

judge necessary to be employed under them, for carrying the fame into Execution ; and Irom Time to Time

to remove such Officers or Servants, or any of them, and to appoint others in their Phce.

4 VI. And, to prevent any Delay or Evafton in the Payment of the Rates and Duties aforesaid/ be it

further enacted, T hat, from and alter the said fifteenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-eight, there shall be produced to the Collector or other Officer of his Majdiy’s Customs at Find-

1born, by the Matter or Owners of every Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, coming into, or failing out

of, the said Pott or Harbour cf Findkorn, or liable to the Rates and Duties in this Act granted, a Receipt

or other sufficient Voucher of the Payment of the said Rates and Duties ; and that until such Production

be made, and the Collector or other Officers aforesaid filial I be satisfied with the fame, the said Collector

and other Officers Hull not take or receive any Entry or Cocket, or other Discharge or Clearance, or take

any Report outward of any Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, Foreign or British, liable or subject to

the Payment of the said Rates and Duties, under the Penalty of five Pounds Sterling.

VU. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it fihall and may be lawful to and for the said

Hcftor Munro and his Forefaids, and to such Person and Persons as shall be for that Purpose authorised by

him or them, to go on Board any Ship, Bark, Lighter, Veil'd, or Boat, and to take the Dimensions

•thereof; and to demand, collect, and receive, from any Owner, Matter, or other Person having the

Charge

.by

