Tte TITLES of the STATUTES.

0nd from Selfton to Annesley Woodhouse, in the County

of Nottingham.

75. An Act ta enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of h» late

Majesty King George the Second* intituled, An Act to

continue, am nuly and make ^Jfeftual^ an Aci% passed in the

twelfth Year of the Reign of his present AJajejiy, intituled,

4 An Act for repairing the Roads from the North*weft Parts

€ of the County of Lincoln, Nettlam Fields, Wrag-

4 by Lane, and Baumber Fields, to The Wolds, or

North-East Part of the said County \ and also for repair-

ing and widening the Roads from The Well, in East Gate,

# . in the City of Lincoln, and from the North-weft End of

Horncastle, and from The Guide Post, the East End of

f Hainton, through Bark with, to the Reads airefted to be re-

paired by the said Act.

76. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of *his late

Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the

Road from The Hand and Post in Upton Field, in the

Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford, through the

federal Parishes within mentioned, to a Place in the Parish

of Preston in the County of Gloucester, called Dancy’s

Fancy.

77. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Gof

port, in the County of Southampton, through Fareham and

fVickhamy to the Town of Biftops Waltham and from

Wickham aforesaid, through Droxford, Exfon> Warnford,

Wcftmeon, and Rumfdean Bottomy to- Chaw ton Pond in the

Parish of Chawton, in the said County.

78. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act,

passed in the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, to continue and render more effectual fever a I Acts of

Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate

Gatehouse and Hampstead, and for several other Purposes

in the said first-mentioned Act contained, as gives Power

to erect or remove Turnpikes or Toll-gates* fb far as

relates to erecting or continuing any Turnpike or Toll-

gate in Grays-inn Lane, or between the said Lane and

the new Road leading from IJiington to Paddington.

79. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading

from the End of the Exeter Turnpike Road, on the Weft

Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, to Biddaford\ and

also several Roads leading from Bridgetown Pomeroy, and

from Tclgn Bridge, i-n the County of Devon y and for re-

pealing two Acts* of the thirty-second of his late Ma-

jesty, and the second of his present Majesty, made for

repairing the said Roads.

80. An Act to continue, enlarge, and render more effec-

tual, the Term and Powers in three feveraj Acts, made

in the twelfth Year of the R»ign of King George the

First, and in the eighteenth and thirty-first Years of the

Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from

- Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and

from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edge-

bill, in the County of Warwick, fofaras the fame relate to

the Road from Birmingham, through Warwick, to War

mington aforesaid, and so on to the utmost Limits of the

said County, on Edgehill aforesaid.

81. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

pafiTed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and

widening the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane,

in the County of Nottingham, to and through severalTowns

and Places in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, and

Rutland, and through Rockingham, to the Bowling-green

at Ketteiing, in the County of Northampton.

$2. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two

Acts, of the first and second Years of his ptefent Majesty,

for amending, widening> and keeping in Repair, the Road

i

leeding from F i fb e rto n Bridge to the Tarn pile Rqad at Wif*

loughby Hedge, in WelF Knovle, ami from Wilton-

Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the Weft End of Heytef-

. bury t and edfo the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top ,

cf Red Hone Hill, in the Parish of Urlbfont, to the Mile*

jlont at the Wftern End of Fiftierton Street, in the County

of Wilts.

83. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Power*

of an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing:

the Road from the South End of the South Street, in the

Parish of South Mailing, near the Town of Lewes, to

Glyndbridge; and from thence, through Firlc Street under

the Hill, to Longbridge, in the Parish of Alfrifton, in the:

County of Sufl'ex.

84. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Tilt-

uts Inn, in the Parish of Horftey, to join the Turnpike

Road leading from Cirencester to Dudbridgey at or neap

Dudbridge% in > the Parish of Redboroughand from the

Bridge at Nailfworthy in the Parish of Aveningr kb Min*

cbinhampion Common; and fev&raL other Roads- therein

mentioned, all in the County of Gloucester. . ,

85. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two

Acts, of the twenty-sixth of his late Majesty, and the

fifth of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads

therein mentioned, leading to and from the Town of

Shcpton Malet, in the County of Somerset, and for re-

pairing the Road from Steen Bow Bridge to the Turnpike

Road leading from Glastonbury to Piper's Inn, and from

Chilkwell to Glastonbury, and from Shepton Malet to 9

Place called The White Post, in the Turnpike Road lead-

ing from Bath to Wells> in the said County.

86. An Act for reviving and continuing the Term, and

varying some of the rowers, of an Act, made in the

twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second* intituled, An Act for repairing

and widening the High Road from the Borough of Ripon,

by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Pateley Bridge, in the

County of York; and for making Compensation to the

Trustees and Mortgagees under two Acts, made in the

thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the

Second, and in the fourteenth Year of his present Ma-

jesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from

Wetherby to GraJftngtony in the County of York.

87. An Act for repealing two Acts, made in the eleventh

and twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of King George ,

the Second, for repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge

in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Costock

otherwise Cortlingstock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, in the

County of Leicester; and.for making more effectual Pro-

vision for the Repair of the said Road.

88. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act*

made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Ma-

jesty King George the Second* intituled, An Act for re*

pairing, amending, and widening, the Reads from the South-

weft End of Nether Bridge* in the County of Westmor-

land, by Siaerghfellfide, to Leven’r Bridge, and from

thencey through Me Town of Millthorp* to Dixes, and from

the Town of Millthorp aforesaid to Hangbridge, andfrene

thence to join the Heron oyke Turnpike Road at the Guide-

post near Clawthrop Hall, in the County aforesaid.

89. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act*

made in the first Year of the Reign of hifr present Ma-

jesty* intituled, An Act for amending the Road from Sacred

Gate, in the Parish of Thorn Gumbald, to Pattrington

Creek or Haven, and from The Guide-poll, in Wine-

stead, to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow BrantonV

Farm, in the County of Yoik: and for Routing and deanfng

the said Creek or Haven.

90. An Act (9 continue the Term* and alter and enlarge

the

