A* D. 1777* Anno decimo feptimo G e o r o i i III.

C. 19. 89

To the C L £ R K* TabieofFee*.

1 For entering every Cause, Threepence.

c For issuing every Summons, Threepence.

4 For every Subpoena,' Threepence. '

* For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant, Threepence.

4 For every Hearing or Trial, Sixpence.

4 For swearing every Witness, Threepence.

4 For every Order, Judgment, or Decree, Sixpence.

4 For every Nonsuit, Threepence.

4 For every Search in the Books, Twopence.

4 For paying Money into Court, Fourpence. ...

* For taking Money out of Court, and acknowledging Satisfaction in the Clerk’s Books, Fourpehce*

4 For every Attachment, Sixpence.

4 For every Execution, Sixpence.

4 For every Warrantor Commitment, Threepence.

To the B E A D L E.

4 For Service of every Summons, Fourpence.

4 For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, Twopence.

4 For executing every Attachment, Execution, or Warrant* against the Body or Goods, one Shilling

4 and Sixpence.’

Application «f

Pentltiet#

Clerk or Beadle

may be dif*— '

Charged for

Misbehaviour.

A Table of which Fees shall, from Time to Time, be hung up by the Clerk of the said Court in some To be hung up

conspicuous Part of the said Court-house, or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, (o that all Court-

Persons.ifoncerned may fee and examine the fame. ou e.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Clerk or Beadle of the said Penalty on OS

Court, for .the Time being, shall take any greater or other Fees or Rewards than what are herein-before eers taking

mentioned for his or their Service in the Execution of this Act, he or they shall, for every such Offence, greater Fee*,

forfeit and pay such Fine, not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, as the said Commis-

sioners, or any nine or more of them, upon Complaint made to them, and due Proof, upon Oath, first

made before them, of the Truth of such Complaint, shall order, assess, and impose; to be applied to the

Relief of such Debtor or Debtors who shall be then, or at any Time after, in the Prison or Gaol of the

said Court of Requests, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, shall

•order and direct ; or otherwise to be paid to the Overseers of the Poor within the respective Divisions of the

Parish of Old Sioinford aforesaid, for the Use of the Poor thereof, at the Discretion of the said Commission-

ers imposing such Fine or Fin?s as aforesaid ; the fame to be levied (if not paid on Demand) by Distref#

and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals

of such Commissioners, or Any nine or more of them, by whom such Complaint shall be heard, rendering

to the Owner the Overplus, after the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted.

XXVIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if the said Clerk or Beadle shall be

guilty of any Misbehaviour, either by Neglect or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fees than before-

mentioned, or otherwise, in the Execution of their respective Offices, that then, upon Complaint, and

due Proof thereof made, upon Oath, in open Court, the said Commissioners, then fitting, are hereby

directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned, by a Notice, in

Writing, to be affixed upon the Door of the Parish Church of Old Sivinford aforesaid, and on the Door of

the said Chapel in the Town of Stourbridge aforesaid, to meet at some convenient Time and Place; and

the Commissioners then present, not being less than nine in Number, shall and may examine and consider

the Merits of such Complaint; and if it shall appear to such Commissioners, so assembled or met, or to the

major Part of them, that the said Clerk or Beadle hath been guilty of any such Misbehaviour, or Breach of

Duty, as aforesaid, in his Office, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the ma-

jor Part of them, then assembled, to suspend or remove such Clerk or Beadle from his said Office, and an-

other Person or Persons shall be thereupon appointed in his Room, in such Manner as is by this Act di-

rested for such Appointment.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Commissioner of the said

Court, for the Time being, shall be Party to, or interested in, any Cause, Matter, or Thing, depending

in the said Court, such Person shall not be capable of acting as a Commissioner in hearing and determining

the fame, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgment therein ; but, after being heard in the said Cause,

shall withdraw from the said Court, until the fame be finally determined : And if the Clerk or Beadle of

the said Court, for the Time being, shall be a Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said

Court, such Clerk or Beadle shall not exercise his said Office in the said Cause, or any Thing relating

thereto; but the fa id Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at such Court, shall and

may, and are hereby authorised to depute and appoint another Person to exercise the said Office of Clerk

or Beadle respectively, in all Things relating to such Cause.

4 XXIX. And, for the better enforcing the Orders and Decrees from Time to Time to be made by the

4 said Commissioners, and that the Commissioners of the said Court may be verted with proper Power and

4 Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That if any Person or Persons shall affront, insult, or abuse, all or any of the Commissioners, during their

fitting in the said Court, or shall interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court, or shall obstruct the Process

Vol. XIII. Part L N thereof,

ComTTiiflloner*

or Officers not

to act where

iatereiled.

Anv Person in;

fulting the

Couu,

