A.D. 1779.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

C. 37^

39i

Hemp.

Importer of

Hemp to pro-

duce, to the

chief Officers of

the Co ft 0 ms at

the Port of im-

portation, a Cer-

tificate from the

Collector, 8cc, at

the Port of La-

ding in Ireland.

To be paid upon Demand to the Importer of such Hemp, by the Collector of the Port where the fame

shall be imported, out of the Customs; and in case the Collector of the Port where the fame shall be im-

ported shall not have Money sufficient in his Hands, he is hereby required to certify the fame to the Com-

missioners of the Customs, who shall cause the fame to be paid by the Receiver-general of his Majesty’s

Customs; the Bounty of the Hemp imported into England to be paid by the Receiver-general of the Cuf-

toms in England, and of that imported into Scotland to be paid by the Receiver-general there.

4 II. And, to the End a particular Benefit may accrue hereby to his Majesty’s Royal Navy, and for the Commissionert

better Supply of the fame with naval Stores,* be it further enacted, That, upon the Importation of any of the Navy to

such Hemp from Ireland for which a Reward or Premium is hereby granted, the Pre-emption or RefufaJ hJfCl,t^c *efu&l

of such Hemp shall be offered and tendered to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy upon landing the of al uch

fame; and if, within the Term of twenty Days after such Tender, the said Commissioners shall not con-

trad or bargain for the fame, it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Owner or Owners,

of the said Hemp, otherwise to dispose of the fame for his or their best Profit and Advantage.

4 III. And in order to intitle the Importer of such Hemp to the Premium granted by this Act, and to

4 prevent Frauds by importing foreign Hemp,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all

and every Person or Persons importing any such'Hemp into Great Britain, shall produce to the chief Offi-

cer or Officers of the Customs, at the Port of Importation, a Certificate or Certificates, under the Hands

and Seal of Office of the Collector and Comptroller, or other chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port in

Ireland where such Hemp shall be put on board 5 certifying, that before the Departure of such Ship or

Vessel, Ships or Vessels, the Person or Persons, Merchant, Trader, or Fador, loading the fame, had

made Oath before them, that the said Hemp, so shipped on board, was truly and bona fide of the Growth

and Produce of some Place in Ireland; expressing in the said Certificate the Number, Marks, and Pack-

ages, of such Hemp, with the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode, of the Exporter or Exporters

from Ireland, and the Name of the Place or Places in Ireland where the said Hemp grew and was pro-

duced, together with the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode, of such Person or Persons as shall

have sworn the Hemp therein mentioned to bebona fide of the Growth and Produce of such Place in Ire*

land, and where and to whom in Great Britain the fame is consigned; and the Master, or Person having

the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, importing such Hemp, shall, on his

Arrival in this Kingdom, also make Oath before the Collector arid Comptroller, or other chief Officer of

the Customs at the Port of Importation, that the several Packages, so marked and numbered, and the

Hemp contained therein, are the fame Packages and Goods that were taken on board his said Ship or Vessel

at the said Port in Ireland, by virtue of the said Certificate or Certificates so to be produced as aforesaid ;

Which said Oaths the said Officers herein-before named are respectively hereby authorised and required to

administer.

" 4 IV. And, tbaf the Officers of the Customs may be the better able to discover any Frauds intended for

4 receiving the aforesaid Premium,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and

may be lawful for the said Officers, and they are hereby required, before they make out any such Certifi-

cate, to examine the said Hemp, by opening each Package, and (hifting the fame, in such Manner as to

fee the whole Contents, or by such other Means as they shall think proper, to find out and discover whe-

ther the said Hemp is water-rotted, bright and clean, and free from any false Mixture.

V. Provided always. That in case any Doubt or Dispute shall arise between the Surveyors or Officers of Dispute* be-

the Customs and the Owners or Importers of such Hemp as is imported into the Port of London, as to the

Quality of the fame, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs to call two

or more Merchants, Manufacturers, or others, well (killed in the Commodity, who shall declare upon

Oath, if required, their Opinion as to the Quality of the fame, and according to the best of their Judg-

ment, determine whether the said Hemp is intitled to the Premium hereby granted, or not; and if any

Doubt or Dispute shall arise as to the Quality of any Hemp imported into any of the Out-ports in Eng-

/and, Samples thereof shall be taken, and sent up to the Commissioners of the Customs in London, and

into the Out-ports in Scotland, to the Commissioners of the Customs at Edinburgh, in such Manner a)

the respective Commissioners shall direct, in order to be inspected and adjudged there as before-men-

tioned.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee, Gratuity or Reward, shall be Officer demand-

demanded, taken, or received, by any Officer of his Majesty’s Customs, for examining, viewing, or de- in? any Reward

livering, such Hemp, with respect to the Premium or Reward allowed by this Act, or for the signing any

of the Certificates in order to the receiving such Premium or Reward, or for paying the fame; and any shall forfeit* hi s’

such Officer demanding or taking such Fee or Reward shall, for such Offence, forfeit his Office; and such office, and 1 ool.

Officer shall also be incapable of serving his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall forfeit the Sum

of one hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Hemp, of the Growth or Exporter* of

Produce of Ireland, shall, after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy- Irift> Hemp for

nine, be exported from Great Britain, that then, and in every such Cafe, the Person or Persons so export- a Pre-

ing the fame, shall, before the Entry thereof, pay unto the Collector of the Customs at the Port where «v

the fame shall be exported, or to the chief Officer of the Customs there, the full Sum which is by this Act the fame (be/

allowed as a Premium on all such Hemp as he intends to export, over and above any Duty the fame is or fide* other Du-

may by Law be subject to pay at Exportation by any Ad: Provided always. That the said Collector or

chief Officer of the Customs, upon receiving such Premium from the Exporter of such Hemp as aforesaid,

shall charge himself with the Money so received, or with the said Premium, and the Commissioners of his

Majesty’s Customs are to take particular Care that the fame be duly brought to the Account of his Ma-

jesty by such Collector or chief Officer as aforesaid.

E e e 2 VIII. And

Officer* to exa-

mine the Hemp

before they make

out Certificate*.

tween Surveyors,

&c. and Im-

porters of Hemp,

how to be

settled.

ties) at the Fort

of Exportation;

