A. D. 1780.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

C. 39. 561

Comrmflioners

not disqualified

from being

Members of

Parliament.

Preamble.

Recital of the'

Navigation A&

ii Car. II.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That fuchCommissioners as his Majesty shall nominate for the

Putppfes in this Act, or any of them, shall riot by reason thereof in any Sort be disabled or disqualified

from fitting in the House of Commons, or their Election thereby become void ; any Law or Statute to the

contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to admit to an Entry in this' Kingdom, under certain Restrictions, Tobacco im-

ported not directly from the Plac'e of its Growth or Produce, and for granting an addi-

tional Duty on such Tobacco, during the present Hostilities.

4 117 HERE A S by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in-

4 ' W tituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, it was, amongst other

4 "Things, enacted. That ,n° Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of

4 Africa, Asia, or America, shall be imported or brought into England, Ireland, lVa!es% the Islands of

4 Guernsey or jersey, or Town of Berwick upon Tweedy from any other Place or Places, Country or Coun-

4 tries, but only from thofeof the said Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of from those Parts where

4 the said Goods and Commodities can only, or are, or usualiy have been, first shipped for Transportation,

4 and frbm none other Places or Countries, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of all such of the afore-

4 said Goods as shall be imported frpin any other Place or Country, contrary to the true Intent and Mean-

4 ing of the said Act; and also of the Ship in which they were imported, with all her Guns, Furniture,

4. Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel: Aqd, whereap,.during the present Rebellion of the Colonies in

* Americay My oxal Parcels of 7pbacco bf the Growth of the said Colonies, which have escaped the Cap-

4 ture of British Cruisers, have,been imported into some of the neutral Islands in the West Indies, where

4 they have been purchased determined by some of his Majesty's Subjects not in Rebellion, and thence conveyed to

4 some British Island in the Ivejl Indies, where thqy have been admitted to Entry; and from whence they

4 have been imported into this Kingdom upon Payment of, or Security given for, the Payment of the

4 British Plantation Duties : And whereas Doubts have arlfen respecting the Legality of such Importation'

4 into the said British Islands in the West Indies, as aJfo of the Importation thereof from the said Islands*

•.into this,Kingdom : And whereas it is manifestly for the Benefit of the Revenue and Navigation of this

c_Kingdom, to permit the said Trade’* and to exempt from the Forfeitures and Penalties above mentioned,

4 s^ny Parcels of the aforesaid Tobacco, which havipg been tqmshipped at Sea on board such Vessels

4 which brought the fame from Saint Hujlatia, jnd other neutral Islands, have not been landed at any

4 Iflgpd or e ther Place in the British Dominions ip America^ from which the fame may be lawfully imported

4# into this Kingdom : May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted

by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That it shall and may be lawful for the Owners of such Tobacco so imported, or which mall or may be

imported into this Kingdom, before the first Day of January, one thousand Teverii hundred and eighty-one,

to enter and pay the Duties due and payable for such Tobacco, without incurring any Penalty or For-

feiture whatsoever, for or by reason of such Importation; and the said Tobacco so entered or to be entered,

and tbfe Shipi or Vessels ifi'whBch* the fame was or may be so imported as aforesaid, shall be released and

aifeharged from any Seizure or Forfeiture on account of such Importation; any Thing in the said recited

Act, or ariy othft Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

* II. And, f6r obviating any Doubts or Difficulties that may hereafter arrfeby such Importations,’ it is

heWbyTufit'heir enacted islhd declared by the Authority aforesaid. That, from and after the first Day of

%emudrjy one thousand foveri hundred and eighty-one, any Tobacco, being the Growth or Produce of any

Part of the British Dominions in America, which, during the Continuance of the present Hostilities, shall

be bonajide imported into and landed at any British Island in the West Indier, from any Island or Place in

America of the West Indies in Amity with his M*ij.tiy, his Heirs or Succeftbrs, shall and may be imported,

directly from such British) Island, and shall and may be entered and landed in this Kingdom upon Payment

of the proper Duties due thereon) provided the Matter, or Penon having the Command or Charge of the

Vessel in w5hich the fame shall be imported, fiull produce and deliver to the Collector, or other proper _______

Officer of the Customs at the Port of Importation, at the Time he makes his Report, a Certificate, under into this King-

theHUridand Seal of Office of the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs,.

pf/tHe tfritish Island Whfsra such Tobacco was laden and taken on Board, certifying that the said Tobacco e * tr 1

Was so. Lden and taken on Board there, and naming the Island or Place from which such Tobacco was so

imported; and such Tobacco (hnil also he accompanied with the customary Manifests and other Docu-

ments, and shall in all other Ref efts be subject and liable to the fame Securities, Rules, Regulations,

Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as Tobacco the Growth or Produce of zny^British Colony or p[0p”PcerUfi?*

lawful to such tobacco

, . , , - , ... # Or Pro- mav irp >rted

duce of 2)ny Part of the 'British Dominipr* in Avuricay from any Island or Place in Amity with his Ma- in British Vessels

rfty,. into ary British Island in the JVe/t Indies ■, and that the Tobacco lo imported into such British Island, ('oman.v neutral

wall'not be liable t*. Seizure, or Confiscation. ' TTwVi*?"

IV. Aud it is b.;ebv further enaftvd by the, Authority aforesaid, That for all Tobacco of the Growth ^ j'roSa^*

or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America or the West Indies, which, from and after th-a the VroduceoT*

firQDay of.January, ony jho^land ieyen hundred and eighty-one, shall be imported into this Kingdom* British America,

. }i * from imported 4s be-

fore mcnUcaed,

Tobacco the

Growth of the

British Colonies

in America, im-

ported from the

neutTal Islands in '

the West Indies,

See. before Jan.

1, 1781, maybe

entered, without

incurring any

Penalty 1

And after Jan. I,

1781, any such

Tobacco, which,

during the pre-

sent HotliJitiet,

shall be landed at

any British Island

in the Waft In-

dies from a neu-

tral Port, may be

imported directly

from such Iflanft -

Vttfel shall pro-

duce to the Cuf-

tom-house Of-

ficer at the Port

