290 C. 60. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

pointed for that

Purpose.

All Militia Of-

ficers above the

Rank, of Lieire-

riaot, to deliver

jrr tbitir Qualifi-

cations \% ithiri

six Months after

th* pa fit n t» this

Act, or after ac-

cepting their

Comm- ftions,

o hirwife such

Commissions to

be voiJ.

TTift Benefits,

Ar, granted to

Justices by an

AfT of 24

C*eO II. tx-

Proceedings of the /aid Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace, are hereby

declared valid and effectual; and the said Deputy Lieurenants, Chief Magistrates, and Justices of the

Peace, are hereby respectively indemnified for such their Proceedings.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person holding, or hereafter

accepting a Commission in the Militia of a higher Rank than that of Lieutenant, not having already de-

livered in his Qualification, who shall neglect to deliver in, to the Clerk of the Peace of the County,

Riding, or Place, in and for which he is or shall be appointed, a specific Description of his Qualification,

in Writing, signed by himself, within six Months after the passing of this Act, or within the Space of fix

Months from the Time of his accepting of such Commission as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby declared

incapable of holding the fame, and the said Commission is hereby declared null and void to all Intents and

Purposes whatfeever.

4 XXVIII. And whereas an Act was made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

4 King Gcorve the Second (intituled, An Act for the rendertng Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution

4 of their Office \ and for indemnifying Conffables, and others, acting in Obedience to their Warrants): And

4 whereas it is necessary to extend the Provisions of the said Act to this Act, with respect to Lieutenants

and Deputy Lieutenants p be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Lieu-

tenant and Deputy Lieutenant, acting in the Execution of the Militia Laws, shall be intitled to all the.

Benefits and Protections by the said Act granted to such Justices of the Peace.

ttmicil to Lieutenants, Ac. acting in Execution of Militia Laws.

CAP. LX.

An Act for relieving his Majesty’s Subjects professing the Popish Religion from certain

Penalties and Disabilities impoied on them by an Act, made in the eleventh and twelfth

Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further pre-

venting the Growth of Popery.

Pscamblc.

Act 11 and la

Gui. JII.

Certain Clauses

in the said Act,

relating to the

profecuring Po-

pish Biftiops,

Sees. 5 and im-

prisoning for

Life Papist* who

keep Schools j

and disabling

Pap;ft» to in-

herit Land* by

Descent, Ac. in

England or

Ac. Ac.

4 XT 7H ERE AS it is expedient to Yepeal certain Provisions in an Act of the eleventh and twelfth

Years of jhe Reign of King IVilUam the Third, intituled, An Act for the further preventing t/je

4 Growth off Popery\ whereby certain Penalties and Disabilities are imposed on Persons professing the Po-

4 pilh Religion \ may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That so much of the

said Act as relates to the apprehending, taking, or prosecuting, of Popish Bishops, Priests, or Jesuits;

and also so much of the said Act as subjects Popish BiChops, Priests, or Jesuits, and Papists, or Persons

professing the Popish Religion, and keeping School, or taking*upon themselves the Education or Govern-

ment or Boarding of Youth, within this Realm, or the Dominions thereto belonging, to perpetual Im~

prisonment; and also so much of the said Act as disables Persons educated in the Popish Religion, or pro-

feffing the fame, under the Circumstances therein mentioned, to inherit or take by Descent, Devise, or

Limitation, in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within

the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweedy and gives to the next

of Kin, being a Protestant, a Right to have and enjoy such Lands, Tenements, ana Hereditaments ;

and also so much of the said Act as disables Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, to purchase

any Manors, Lands, Profits out of Lands, Tenements, Rents, Terms, on Hereditaments, within the

Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweedy and makes void all and

singular Estates, Terms, and other Interests or Profits whatsoever out of Lands, to be made, suffered, or

done, from and after the Day therein mentioned, to or for the Use or Behoof of any such Person or Per-

fons, or upon any Trust or Confidence, mediately or immediately, for the Relief of any such Person or

Persons; shall be, and the fame, and every Clause and Matter and Thing herein-before mentioned, is and

are hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted by the Authjrity aforesaid. That every Person and Persons having or claiming

any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, under Titles not hitherto litigated, though derived from any

Descent, Devise, Limitation, or Purchase, shall have, take, hold, and enjoy the fame, as if the said Act,

or any Thing therein contained, had not been made; any Thing in the said Act contained to the con-

trary notwithstanding.

repealed.

Persons hav:ng

or cl timing any

Lands, Ac. un-

der Titles not

huherto liti-

gated, fhAl

hold the lame, notwithstanding the ft id Act.

This Act not to

affect any Ac-

tion now de-

pending, Ac-;

nor to extend to

any Person who

Bull not, within

fa Monrhs after

polling this Act,

or ooming of

Age, Ar. take

the*following

Ojitb.

Ti c Oath.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed

to affect any Action or Suit now depending, which shall be prosecuted with Effect, and without

Delay.

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Per-

son or Persons but such who shall, within the Space of six Calendar Months after the passing of this A ft,

or of accruing of his, her, or their Title, being of the Age of twenty-one Years, or who, being under

the Age of twenty-one Years, shall, within six Months after he or the shall attain the Age of twenty-one

Years, or being of unfound Mind, or in Prison, or beyond the Seas, then within six Months after such

Disability removed, take and subscribe an Oath in the Words following:

4 T A. jB. do sincerely promifir and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty

4 A King George the Third, and him will defend, to the utmost of my Power, against all Conspiracies

and Attempts whatever that shall be mskie against his Person, Crown, or Dignity; and 1 will do my

4 utmost

