The TITLES of

64. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of

one million, for the Uses and Purposes therein men-

tioned.

65. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on

the Earl of Chatham, and the Heirs of the Body of the

late William Pitt Earl of Chatham, to whom the Earl-

dom of Chatham shall defetnd, in Consideration of the

eminent Services performed by the said late Earl to his

Majesty and the Public.

66. An Act for making proper Drains and Sewers, for the

Purpose of carrying off the W^ter from the Prebendal

Estate of HalinvelL and Finjlmry, in the Suburbs of the

City of London; and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

6;. An Act for authorising the Justices of the Peace For

the County of Middle fix, to fell the present Session-

house for the said County, and for enabling them to

build another Session-house in a more convenient Situa-

tion, and to keep the fame in Repair; and for applying

the Sum of eleven thousand Pounds (to be borrowed

upon the Credit of the Surpluses of a certain Fund,

commonly called The Orphans Fund) towards defraying

the Expence of building the said Session-house.

68. An Act for building a Bridge across the River Tawey,

at a Place called TheJVtch Tree, in the Parish of Llan-

famlctt, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Llangeve-

lach, in the County of Glamorgan; for making proper

' Avenues or Roads to and from the said Bridge; and also

for repairing and widening the Road from Pentre-brook,

near a Place called Aberdwybertby, in the Parish of Saint

John's, near Swansea, to the said intended Bridge.

69- An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the

County of Stirling.

70. An Act to enable Hector Munro Esquire, to build and

maintain a Harbour and Pier at the Town of Findhorn,

‘ in the County of Elgin and Forres.

71. An Act for empowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and

» Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council

assembled, to make a Street or Opening from Moor-

fields, opposite Chiswell-street, towards the East into

B;shopsgatefireet\ and also from the East End of Chis-

well-street Weft ward into Barbican; and to raise, upon

the Credit of the Surplusses to arise out of a certain

Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, the Sum of

sixteen thousand five hundred Pounds for such Purpose.

72. An Act for erecting a Building for holding the Courts

and exercising the Jurisdiction of the Dean and Chapter

of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter in Westminster,

within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and for

holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and transaft-

ing the other public Business of the said City and Li-

berty; and for appropriating Part of the Surplusses of

the Orphans Fund, towards defraying the Expence

thereof.

yj. An Act for paving the High Street or Road leading

from Aldersgate-bars, in the PariQi of Saint Botolphwith-

out Alderfgale, London, to the Turnpike near the End of

Goswell-street, in the County of Middlesex \ and for ap-

plying the Sum of five thousand Pounds, to be raised

upon the Credit of the Surplusses to arise out of a certain

Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund\ for such

Purpose

74. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the twenty sixth

Year of King George the Second, more effectually to enable

the Parishioners of the Parish of Christchurch, in the

County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire,[or erefi a Work-

house, for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said

Barish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment

of the Poor therein.

the STATUTES.

7j. An Act for making a Navigable Cana! from the Town

of Basingjhke, in the County of Southampton, to com-

municate with the River Wey, in fj£ Parish of Chertsey,

in the County of Surrey; and to the South-east Side of

the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Turgifs, in the said

County of Southampton.

76. An Act for better paving, cicanfing, lighting, and

watching, the Streets and Lancs in the Town of Dover

in the County of Kent, and in the several Parishes of

Saint Alary the Fir pin and Saint James the Apofile in the

said Town and County; and for removing and pre-

venting Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

77. An Act for paving and repairing the Streets, Lanes,

and other public Passages and Places, within such Part

of the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the County of Mid-

dlesex, as is extra-parochial; and certain Parts of Mag-

pie-alley and Blojfom-street, in the Parish of Saint Leonard

Shoreditch, in the said County; and for removing Ob-

struftions and Annoyances therein.

78. An Act for applying the Sum of nine thousand Pounds,

to arise out of the Surplusses of a certain Fund, com-

monly called The Orphans Fund, for the Purpose of

making a Passage for Carriages from Spital-fields to

Bishopsgate-street, in the County of Middlesex.

79. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching,

the Town of Northampton; and lor removing and pre-

venting Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances

therein.

80. An Act for widening and improving a certain Avenue

called Dirty-lone, and Part of Brick-lane, leading from

Whitechapel to Spital-fields, in the County of Middlesex ;

and for paving Dirty-lane, and also the East Side of Pet-

ticoat-lane, from Whitechapel High street to Wentworth-

street; the said Avenue called Wentworth firect 5 from

thence in one continued Line through Old Montague-

fir eet, Chapel-fir eet, and Princes-row, to Baker's-row

inclusive, and the several Streets and Passages leading

into the fame 5 and for removing all Obstructions and

Encroachments therefrom, and preventing (he like for

the future.

81. An Act for continuing the Terms and enlarging the

Powers of two Acts, one passed in the seventh and the

other in the eighth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign,

for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxford over

Botley-causeway, to Fifitld, in the County of Berks, and

Witney, in the County of Oxford.

8a. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts

passed in the sixth and twelfth Years of King George the

First, the twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, and

the ninth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the

Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to

Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, and other Roads

therein mentioned.

83. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road

leading from Long Horsley Bar or Gate, on the Post Road

near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Loog Horsley,

Weldon-bridge, and Whittingham, to the River Bream-

. isti, and from thence to Percy’s *Cross, in the County of

Northumberland.

84. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several

Acts for repairing the Road from Hlghgate Gatekoufe,

in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet Bkckhcufi, in the

County of Hertford; and the Road from the Bear-inn in

Hadley to the Angel in Enfield chace; and also Canewood-

lane leading from Highgate to Hampfiead, in the said

County of Alt ddlesex; and the Road beginning at Parnet

Blockhouse

