A.D. iy8ol

Anno vicesimo G e 6* g i i HI.

C. 26.

53l

, CAP. 'XXVI.

An Act for repairing, fenlargin^, and preserving the Harbour of Abcryjlzvytb> in the County

of Cardigan.

WHEREAS the Town of Abery/l%Oythy in the County of Cardigan, is a Port of very considerable

y, 'Tr3<je> tyhich hath of late Years greatly increased, and the Ships and Vessels now belonging to

the Harbour there, and trading to and frorn the said Port, are more numerous and of larger Dimensionc

than heretofore And whereas the Harbour of the said Port, by reason of a large Bank of Sand which

erodes the Entrance of it, is so greatly obstructed that the navigating of Vessels even of very small

Burthen, into or out of the fame, is become very difficult and dangerous, and often impracticable, to the

great Detriment of the Trade of the said Town and Port, and to the Danger and Inconvenience, as

well of Ships and Vessels belonging to the fame, which, by reason of such Obstruction, are obliged to

ride in the Bay of Cardigan^ as of such other Ships and Vessels as are driven on the Coast by Stiefs of

Weather: And whereas several Sums of Money have been from Time to Time expended in improving

the said Harbour, which afforded only a temporary Relief \ for the Storm? from the Sea gradually formed

a fresh Bank of Sand to obstruct the Entrance instead of the Obstruction removed y and the Harbour in'

its present ruinous State is in great Danger of being intirely loft and destroyed; which renders the clearr

ing, deepening, enlarging, and securing the fame, and the making of sufficient additional Works there-

to, absolutely necessary, both for public Utility, and the Preservation. and Advantage of the Trade of

the said Town and Port; but as the fame cannot be effectually done without the Aid and Authority of

Parliament,’ may it pleale your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honour-

able the Earl of Lifburney "John Adapts of Peterwclly Thomas AUcock of Fron Fralih, John Campbell of

Stackpool Courty Matthew Davies of Qwmcynfely Thomas Davies of Aleryjlwytb, John Davies of Creigiauy

John Guynne of Afynachty, Lewis Gwynne of the fame, John Griffith of Fen Fontbren, Cornelius Griffith of

Ltanbadarny Edward Hughe* of Aberllolivyny John Hughes of Morfeiy Th:mas Herbert of Abery/lwyths John

Hughes of Ty Mawry David Williams Hopkins of Aberyfhvythy Thomas Johnes senior of Croft CajlUy Thomas

Johnes junior of LlanfaWy Thomas Johnes' of Abermeady John Jcnes of Crynfryn, John James of Aher-

yjhvyih^ John Jones of Dqlau Cothy, John Jones of Cefn y Coedy William Jones of Troed y Rhiwy William

Jones, of Aberyjlwythy Henry Jones of Tyglyny Sir Watkin Lewes Knight, Edward Loveden Loveden of Go~

garthany Thomas Lloyd of Abertrynanty the Reverend Richard Lloyd Vicar of Llanbadarnfawry James Lloyd

of Mahus, Joins Lloyd of the fame* John Lewis of Caermat thcny John Lewis of Aberyjlwytb% John Lewis of

Llanllyry William Lewis of the fame, John Lewis of Llanaurony William Lewis of the fame, Walter Lewis

of Coed Mawry Thomas Lewis Lloyd of Werny'David Alorgan of Llanfraedy John Morgan of Aberyftwyihy

Thomas Owen of Aberyjhuytby the Reverend William Powell of Nant Eos LL. D. Thomas Powell of the fame*.

John Parry of Aberyjlw) thy Philip Pugh of Tyglyn% Thomas Parry of Lhdiardau% George Parry of Haver ford-

yvcjly Roderick Richards* of Pqn y Glaisy Griffith Roderick of Abery/lwytk, Richard Richards of Carrogy Thomas

.Rogers of Geliiy Lewis Regers of the fame, Thomas Steedy the Honourable John Vaughan^ John Vaughan of

Golden Grovey the Reverend Jjaac I Villi amt. of Llanrh\Jlydy John Williams -of Cajile Hilly John Watktn%

Nathaniel Williams of Rhand\f% and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, (halL

tc, and they aae hereby constituted ^od..appointed Trustees for putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That four General Quarterly Meetings of the said Trustees shall be

JheJd at such House or Place in AlgryJhvytb aforesaid as they, Qr any five or qnore of them* shall from Time

to Time appoint, upon the first Monday in J^nuary9 ther first Monday in Aprils the first Adonday in July^

aind the first Monday in 'October, x early and every Year for ever; at e^ch of which said Quarterly Meetr

ings the said Trustees, pr any five or more of them, shall inspect, epam.ine^ audit* adjust,' settle, and

jpake up all the Accounts of the next preceding Quarter relating to the said Harbour; and that the first of

the'said Meetings shall be held at the House of Richard Fey in Aberystwyth aforesaid, upon the said first Mow

day in July* one thouGjijd seven hundred and eighty; and all such General Quarterly Meetings shall begin

-between the Hours of Ten and Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, whereon any such

.Meeting shall he held; and the said Trustees, at all Meetings vto be held for the Purposes of this Act, shall

^pay and defray theif own, Charges and Expences.

.III. And be it fy/ffier enacted, Tjjat all ACb, Matters, and Things, hereby authorised or required to

Wdone by any five or more of the said Trustees in Execution of any of the Pqwers or Authorities herein

contained, shall be done at Meetings to be* held in pursuance of ttys Act* and not otherwise: And if at

any General Quarterly Meeting hereby appointed to be held, or at any Adjournment thereof, there shall

jK>t appear ? sufficient Number of Trustees. to act, the Trustee or Trustees thpn.prefegr, or the Clerk

to the said Trustees, shall, from Time to Time as often as it shall so happen, adjourn the said Meeting,

’and appoint a Meeting of the said Trustee? to be held on that Day Fortnight at the Pla$e where the last

Westing was appointed t9 have been held. ,

V:iV. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Persone herein-before constituted and appointed

^Trustees, or that shall be elected or appointed in pursuance of this Act, shall die, refigo, or become dis-

qualified to act, that then and in such Cafe, and as often as it shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful

for the surviving Trustees, within the Space of one Calendar Month next afrer any such Death, Refig-

nation, or Difciualincation shall happen, or be known to have happened, and they* or any five or more of

them, are hereby required to elect and appoint such Person (baying an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or

Tiereditamems, in his own Right, ot in Right of his Wife, within the said County of Cardigany of the

5 clear

Preamble*.

Trustees*

Timet and

Places for hoist-

ing the Meeting*

of Trustees.

Trnftees to psy

their own

Charges.

No Afls to be

valid unless don*

t Meetings.

How Trustees

shall be elected u>

the Room of

such as shall die*

rchgn, 6cu

