A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III, C, 65.

Payment of such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, such Annuity or Annuities shall (land and becharged

anti chargeable upon, and shall be paid and payable out of, the said Monies to arise from the said Fees,

in such Manner and Form as by such Order or Orders for Payment thereof shall be exprdled or directed }

anxi the fame shall be free from all Taxes and Deductions whdtloever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said Annuity or Annuities may be from

Time to Time assigned by the Person or Persons entitled to the fame, or his, her, or their Executors, Ad-

ministrators, or AHigns, by Indorsement upon the Back of the said Order or Orders, to any Person or

Persons whomsoever.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners who shall

be assembled upon the second Monday in September, in Bradford aforesaid, or the major Part of them who

shall be so assembled, shall and may, and are hereby required to eledi and chufc a proper Person to be

Treasurer, until another shall be chosen in his Room (and which, in case of his Death, Resignation, or

Removal, shall be by*the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, who shall be adiing in the Court

next after such Death, Resignation, or Removal), who shall audit and settle the Accounts of the said Cleric

for the Time being, and receive the Balance of all such Monies as the said Clerk, or any other Officer,

shall have received by virtue of this Act, upon any Account whatsoever, and shall give Receipts and Dif-

charges for the fame, and also shall receive all Monies which shall, at any Time after the passing of this

Act, be borrowed or paid for or on Account of the Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities, and other the

Purposes of this Act; and out of the Monies which shall come to his Hands, shall pay the Salaries of all

Officers, and the Expences'of procuring and passing this Act, or in anywise relating to the Execution

thereof; and every such Treasurer, immediately upon his Election, shall give sufficient Security to'three

or more of the said Commissioners, in any Sum not less than five hundred Pounds, that he will faithfully

audit and settle the Accounts of the said Clerk, and that he will account, upon every second Monday in

September, with the Commissioners who shall be then assembled at the Court in Bradford aforesaid, or

oftener if thereunto required by a Majority of the Commiflfoners at any Meeting to be held for that Pur-

pose (of which Notice shall be given in every Court at the lead four Days before such Meeting shall be

held), for all Monies by him received and paid, as such Treasurer as aforesaid, on twenty Days previous

Notice being given, or left at his House or usual Place of Abode, for that Purpose; and he, or his Exe-

cutors or Administrators, will well and truly pay all such Monies as shall appear to be remaining in his

Hands, on auditing or settling such Accounts, and that he or they will deliver over all Boc ks, Papers, and

Writings, in his or their Possession, Custody, or Power, belonging to or respecting the said Court of Re-

quests, or to the said Office of Treasurer, to any succeeding Treasurer, or other Person, as the Commis-

sioners at such Annual Meeting, or other Meeting, or the major Part of them, shall direct and require.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That for the better invelligating and settling the Accounts of the said

Treasurer, and also for the examining and inspecting the Books and Accounts belonging to the said Court,

or of the Clerk or Treasurer, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, who shall be

assembled at any such aforesaid Meeting for the Purpose of examining any Accounts, to fend for, peruse,

and inspedt, all such Books and Accounts, when and as (hey shall think proper and expedient.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced

against any Person or Persons, for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, such'

Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fadl committed,

and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the said County of York, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant

qr Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the

special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, provided the Defendant shall give Notice of

this Act, and specify the Year when it was enacted, along with the General issue, and that he intends to

give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence on the Trial of that Issue; and if the Plaintiff or Plain-

tiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue such Action or Suit, or if, upon Vcididl or Demurrer, Judg-

ment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover

Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any

ether Cafe by Law.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-

sixth Day of July* one thousand seven hundred and eighty, so much of the aforesaid Adfr as relates to the

more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the said Parishes, and Lordflfip or Liberty, and

the several Matters and Things therein contained, concerning the said Court of Requests, shall be, and is

and are hereby repealed.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect any Order or Decree made by virtue of the

aforesaid Act, for the Payment of Money, but that such Order or Decree shall (land, continue, and be

in full Force, and be carried into Execution by the Commissioners who shall, fit and act under this present

Act, as if such Order or Decree had been made and pronounced by them; nor shall the fame extend to

take away or annul any of the Rights, Privileges, Francbifes, Liberties, Powers, or Jurisdictions of the>

Courts Baron of the Honour of PontefraEl, Manor of IVakefield, and Manor of Bingiey, in the County of

2ork, or of any other Court Baron whatsoever, but that the fame shall be and remain, and continue, in as

full and ample Power, Jurisdiction, and Authority, for Recovery of any Debt or Damages, as if this Act

had never been made.

XL. And whereas the Right Honourable Richard Cavendish commonly called Lord Richard Cavendish^

and the Right Honourable George Henry CavendiJ),'? commonly called Lord George Henry Cavendijh7 are

seised, for their, Lives, with Remainders to other Persons, of and in the Manor of Kigb!ey> in the

County of York: And whereas, within the Court Baron of the said Manor, Plea hath been imme-

mortally held every three Weeks, or so often as was requisite, in all Personal Actions arising within the

? Jurisdiction of the said Court Baron, where the Debt or Damages hath bees under forty Shillings: And

whereas

6l I

Annumes nny

he assigned.

Choice and Duty

of the Treasurer

to the Court;

who is to girt-

Security.

Comm'.flionerl

may fend for and

inspedt Books,

&c.

Limitation of

Actions.

General I flue.

Treble CoHs#

Former A&

repealed.

Orders and De-

crees, made by

virtue of former

Act, to be valid.

Extending the

Ju ifdidlu n of

trie Court baron

cf Ki^hley to

Debts under 51.

