522 C. 23.

Anna vicesimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1780.

Pritss made !>y

the King’sShi| s,

<Jurng the Hof-

tilities again#:

Spain, to ce di-

vided between

the Captor?,

in the Propor-

tion? by his Ma-

jelly already or-

dered, or to be

hereafter order-

ed, by Procla-

mation,

Prize* made by

Privateers to be

divided between

the Owner! and

Captort, accord-

ing to private

ContraA*

Provisions ie 19

Gro. III. Cap.

€7, for prose-

cuting Hodilitiei

again!! France,

extended to Let-

ters of Marque,

See. for General

Reprisal* again#

Spain,

Prize Goods li-

able to Payment

01' Customs#

Part of 19 Ceo.

111. Cap. 67, re-

lating to Appli-

cation of Penal-

ties, repealed.

Application of

Fcnaltici.

1 Reprisals, or othorwife, by His MajestyY Comrmflionera for executing ^he Office of Lord High Ad-

4 miral of Great Britain, {hall and may lawfully seize all Ships, Vclicls, and Goods, belonging to the

4 King of Spain, or his Subjects, or others inhabiting within any the Territories of the King of Spain,

and bring the fame to Judgment in any of the Courts of Admiralty within his Majesty’s Dominions:

4 Now, for the Encouragement of the Officers and Seamen of his Majesty’s Ships of War, and the Of-

4 ficcis and Seamen of all other British Ships and Vefleb having Commissions and Letters of Marque, and

4 for inducing all British Seamen who mary he in any Foreign Service to return into this Kingdom, and be-

4 come serviceable to his Majesty 5 and for the more effectual securing and extending the Trade of Jits M»~

4 jesty’s Subjects \ be k enacted by the King’s tnoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembkd, and by1

the Authority of the same, That the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines,

and Soldiers, on Board every Ship and Veil'd of War in his Majesty’s Pay, {hall have the foie Interest and

Property of and in all and every Ship, Vefiel, Goods, and Merchandises, which they have taken since

the eighteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, or {ball hereafter take during

the Continuance of Hostilities against Spain, after the fame {ball have been finally adjudged lawful Prize

to his Majesty, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's Plant-

ations in America, or elsewhere; to be divided in such Proportions, and after such Manner, as his Majesty

bath, by his Proclamation of the twenty-fifth of June,one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, al-

ready ordered and directed, or as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, {ball think fit to order and direct,

by Proclamation or Proclamations hereafter to be rflued for those Purposes.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Ship or Ships, Vefiel or Vessels,

Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, and Merchandises whatsoever^ with all their Furniture,

Tackle, or Apparel, taken or to be taken, during the Continuance of Hostilities against Spain, by or

with any private Owner or Owners, Ship or Vefiel, according to any Commfifion or Letter of Marqwe

granted, or to be granted, a* herein-after is set forth, by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or tho

Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any

three or more of them, or any Person or Persons by him or them impowered and appointed (being first ad-

judged lawful Prize in any of his Majesty’s Couits of Admiralty as aforesaid), shall wholly and entirely

belong to and be divided between and among the Owner and Owners of such Shipor Vefiel, and the seveni

Persons who {ball be on Board the fame, and be aiding and assisting to the taking thereof, in such Share and

Proportion as {hall be agreed on with the Owner and Owners of such Ship or Vefiel as {hall be the Captor

thereof, their Agente or Factors, as the proper Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, and the

Persons that {hall be thus ratified thereto by virtue of such Agreements among themselves; and that neither

his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Admiral, Vice-Admiral, Governor, or other Person com-

missioned by or claiming under his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Person or Persons whatsoever,

other than the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vefiel, being the Captor of such Prize, Ship, or Vefiel,

Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, and Merchandises, and the Persons claiming under him of

them, {hall be intitled to any Part or Share thereof (except as to the Customs and Duties); any Custom,

Statute, or other Law, to the contrary notwithstanding-

4 III- And whereas by an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in*

4 tituled, An At7 for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more Speedy and effectual manning his Majesty’t

4 Navy, several Provisions and Regulations were established for the better carrying on the salutary rur-

4 poses by the said Act intended in the Prosecution of Hostilities againi\ France;9 be it therefore enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That the several Regulations and Provisions respecting the Grant of Commissions

or Letters of Marque, the Persons acting and the Captures made under the Authority of such Commissions

or Letters of Marque, and all other Clauses, Provisoes, Matters, and Things, contained in the said Act

{hall extend, and be construed and deemed to extend, to the Grant of Commissions or Letters of Marque

to the Persons acting, and the Captures made, under the Authority of such Commissions or Letters of

Marque for General Reprisals against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects of the King of Spain, and all other

Matters or Things whatsoever, in respect of the fame, during the Continuance of Hoff fifties against Spain,

as fully, amply, and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Regulations, Provisions, Clauses,

Provisoes, Matters and Things, had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it declared and enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in the

said Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or in this Act contained, {hall

extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, already taken,

and which {hall be taken as Prize, and brought or imported into this Kingdom, or any of his Majesty's

Plantations in America, from the Payment of any Customs or Duties, or from being subject to the Restric-

tions and Regulations to which the fame now are or {ball hereafter be liable by virtue of the Laws and Sta-

tutes of this Realm.

V. And whereas by the said Act, made in the nineteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, it is enacted,

4 That all Penalties and Forfeitures given and granted by the said Act, shall be applied one Moiety to the

4 Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Royal Hospital lor Seamen at Greenwich:

4 And whereas such Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures mav interfere with the Distribution of several

4 Penalties and Foi futures which are otherwise particularly disposed of by the said Act \ be it therefore en-

acted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much and such Part of the said recited Act shall be, and the fame

is hereby repealed.

VI- And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted

or incurred by the said rerited and this present Act, other than such as are otherwise particularly disposed

of, shall be applied one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Use of the said

Royal Hospital.

VII. And

