5*5

A. D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Gborgu III. C. 19.

which prohibit the exporting, carrying, or conveying, of Coin of Gold or Silver out of this Realm into /rr-

landy {hall be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed and made void.

If. And it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this

Act, so much of an Act of Parliament, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne* intituled,

An Act for laying a Duty on Hops ; and so much of any other Act or Acts of Parliament made in Great

Britain, which prohibit the Importation of foreign Hops into the Kingdom of Ireland; and also so much

of the said recited Act, and of another Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First,

intituled. An Act for laying a Duty upon wrought Plate \ and for applying Money arising for the clear Produce

(by Sale of the forfeited E/lates) towards answering his Majesty s Supply; and for taking off the Drawbacks upon

Hops exported for lielami; and for Payment of Annuities, to be purchased after the Rate of four Pounds per

Centum per Annum at the Exchequer, redeemable by Parliament ; and for appropriating Supplies granted in

this Session of Parliament 5 and to prevent counterfeiting Receipts and Warrants of the Officers of the South Sea

Company ; and for explaining a late Act concerning Foreign Salt cellared and locked up before the fopr and twen-

tieth Day of June, one thoujandseven hundred and nineteen; and to give a further Time for paying Duties on?

certain Apprentices Indentures \ and for Relief of Thomas Vernon Esquire9 in relation to a Parcel of Senna

imported in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen 5 which enadl. That no Part of the Duties shall

be repaid or drawn back for any Hops (whether the fame be of Foreign or British Growth), which shall

be exported or shipped for Exportation from Great Britain for Ireland, shall be, and the fame is and are

hereby repealed and made void.

4 III. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late

4 Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant

• Seasy it is amongst other Things enacted. That every Subject of Great Britain, desiring Admission into

• the Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called, or known by

4 the Name of, The Turkey Company, shall, upon Request for that Purpose made in the Manner by the

4 said Act directed, be admitted into the said Company ; and that the Goods permitted to be exported or

4 imported by Persons made free of the said Company, shall be exported from and imported into Great

4 Britain onlyAnd it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Goods as may

lawfully be exported from,* or imported into, Great Britain, in British Ships, by any Person or Persons

free of the said Company, by virtue of the said recited Act, or any other Act made in this Kingdom, shall

and may, in like Manner, be exported from, or imported into, any Port or Place in the Kingdom of /r#-

landy by any Person admitted, or to be admitted into, and made free of, the said Company, in British or

h ifh Ships or Vessels, legally navigated, on paying such Impositions or Sums of Money as shall be a(Tefled

and charged on all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to be exported and imported as aforesaid, or on any

Ships laden with the fame., for defraying the necessary Expences of the said Company $ any Thing in the

said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the-Oath re-

qtiired by the said recited Act to be taken by Persons upon their Admission to their Freedoms in the said

Company, shall and may be taken before, and administered by, two of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace

in and for the Kingdom of Ireland.

CAP. XIX.

So much of 9

A"—«•

or other Alts,

which prohibit

the Importation

of foreign Hops

into Ireland j

and so much of

the recited

and 6 Geo. 1.

Cap. 11, which*

enalt that 00

Drawback JhalLj

be allowed on

Hops exported-

to Ireland,

repealed.

i6Geo.fi. Cap*.

iS, recited*.

Any Goode

which may be

exported or im-

ported to or from

Great Britain

and the Levant

Scat, may, by

any Person free

of the Turkey

Company, be ex*

ported or import*

ed to or from

Ireland and the

said Seal.

Tb« Oath to be

taken on Adoif*

fion into thefaidt

Company, may-

be adminiflercxL

is Ireland*

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the better securing the lawful Trade of his Ma-

jesty’s Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his

Majesty’s Subjects trading thither under Foreign Commissions} to the importing Salt

from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America \ to the permitting the free Import-

ation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom ; to the allowing the Exportation of certain

Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America \ and

to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British<

Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies*

4 TT 7 HE REAS the Laws herein-after mentioned have by Experience been found useful andbene-

( y V ficial, and are near expiringmay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled and

he it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That an All, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, inti-

tuled, An Act for reviving an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Firfly intituled, i An Act for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majestys Subjects to and from the East

4 Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Mayfly's Subjects trading thither under .Foreign Com-

c missions \ which was to continue in Force from the first Day of May9 one thousand seven hundred and

thirty-two, for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parlia-

ment ; and which was by two Aft9, made in the thirteenth and twentieth Years of the Reign of his late*

Majesty King George the Second, further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of Marchy one thousand

seven hundred and eighty; shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof,

until the twenty-fifth Day of Marcby one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the End of the then

next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fourth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America,

for

PfetmWt*

5 Goo. II.

29, relating to

the Trade to thf-

EastTndies,.

farther conti-

nued till March'

*5, 1800, Ac.

4 Geo. III. Cap.

19, for import-

ing Salt from Eu-

rope to Quebec*

