A.D. 1779. Anno <iecimoiiono pEORC,ii III* C. 35. 3S9

LIU. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or pro- Limitation of

fecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or AcUyas*

Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and shall be hid or

brought in the County of Cambridge, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action

or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and if in Replevin, may juffify and avow generally, by vir- General JTue.

tue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and may

give this Act and the speeial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Fadl al-

leged in such Action or Suit to have been /done, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act:

And if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought in any other

County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or

Avowants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue

his, her, or their Suit or Suits, or if any Verdict shall pass against him, her, or them, upon a Demurrer

or otherwise, then and in any of the said Cafes the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants,

shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, she, or they shall have a like Remedy as where Colts by Law aie Treble Cofti.

awarded.

LIV. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act, made in the seventh Aft7Of0.ni,

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen to rermin in

Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford *orce>

Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam, otherwise Grant, H'ejf and the Hard Lands

of Bnttisham, SwafTham Bulbeck, and Swaffham Prior, Raft \ and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs,

and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level,

to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits oforefhid, compionly called Inverted Lands; and all the Powers

and Authorities, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Provisoes, Matters, and Things therein

contained, shall remain, continue, and be in fuli Force and Effect, as fully and effectually, to all Iments

and Purposes, as if the fame had been herein again repeatestand re-enacted, except the Alterations and where

Amendments which have been made therein by virtue of this present Act. altered.

LV. And be it further enacted and declared. That this Act shall be deemed and allowed a public Act; public AO.

2nd all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, arc hereby r$q,uired to take Notice thereof as such, without

specially pleading the same.

1 > CAP. XXXV- \ ’

An Act to repeal so much of several Acts of Parliament, as prohibit the Growth and Pro-

duce of Tobacco in Ireland; and to permit the Importation of Tobacco of the Growth

and Produce of that Kingdom into Great Britain, - under the like Duties and Regula- x

tions as Tobacco of the Growth of the British Colonies in America is permitted to be

imported.

4 \XT HERE A^S it is of the greatest Importance to the Strength and Security of these Kingdoms, that Preamble,

VV every Attention and Encouragement should be given to such of the Produce and Manufadturd of

c the Kingdom of Ireland as do not materially interfere with the commercial Interests of Great Britain:

4 And whereas by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled,

4 An Act for prohibiting the plantingyfelting, or sowing, of Tobacco in England or Ireland), and by divers

4 other Acts since passed, the Culture of Tobacco within the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Exportation of

the fame from thence, is prohibited be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by So much of two

and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Arts of 12 mi

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twentieth Day of May, 15 Car if.

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, so much of two several Acts of Parliament, the one made or of ot.h*r

in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for prohibiting the plant- thi57CnYom,

ing* fetting\ or sowing, of Tobacco in England or Ireland j; and the other made in the fifteenth Year of the whion on-hibus

Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for the Encouragement cf Trade); or of any other the phnnng,

Act made in this Kingdom, which prohibits or restrains the setting, planting, or improving to grow, Ccc.of i'tbacc*

making, or curing Tobacco, either in Seed, Plant, or otherwise, in the Kingdom of Ireland, shall be, 10 ,/jand' rc~

and the fame is and arc hereby repealed and made void. pea c

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Tobacco the Growth, Product, Irl/h Tobacco to

or Manufacture of Ireland\ shall be exported from thence to any Port or Place whatsoever out of the said exported to

Kingdom of Ireland, except to Great Britain \ under the like Securities, Penalties, and l'oifeitures, as are ^7*! ^o-r°the

piefciibed in an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled, An ^ejinties^kc.

Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation j, with respect to Tobacco, and ether enu- pmcribed in the

me rated Goods of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of any of the Engl if Plantations therein men- Navigation Act

tioned. 12

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Tobacco the Growth, The Duty cf

Product, or Manufactures of Ireland, shall be laden on board any Ship or Vessel, at any Port or Place what- Omo-uo*

soever within the said Kingdom of Ireland, in order to be conveyed from thence imo Great Britain, the

Collector and Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at such Pore or Place wheic such To- nf To-

bacco shall be laden, shall, at and upon the clearing of every such Ship or Vcfitl, by the proper Offhersof b*c o torEx-

the Customs appointed for that Purpose, deliver to the Master, Commander, or = the* Pc; foil raking Charge r#rutian*

of any such Ship or Vessel, a Manifest or Content in Writing, under his and their Hands and Seal of Office,

which shall contain a true Account of all the Tobacco laden on board every such Ship or Vtftel, ^ith the

Vol. XIII. Part III. E c c Number

