A. D-1 178,gr, Anno vicefinfio Geo r 011 HI. C, 5 579

necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, w;th relation to the said Rates and Duties hereby . '

granted, in the likeV and in as full and ample Manner as ^hey, or the major Part of them, are au-

thorised to put in Execution "any of the Laws now in being concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment,

and Paper. t. - . . , , (

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of Augiift% PenaltyonPer-

one thousand seven hundred and eighty", noPerson whatsoever, required by this Act to be licensed, shall, Je'Ong out

unless he or she be authorised and enabled in the Manner herein after prescribed, let out any Horse for Po°ft &c?w?th-

Hire, either by the Mile or Stage, or to draw any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Ca1a(h with four out a Licence."

Wheels, Chaise-marine, Chaise with four Wheels, or any Cala(h, Chaise, or Chair, with two Wheels,

or any other Carriage used in travelling Port, or otherwise, by whatsoever Names such Carriages now are,

or hereafter may be called or known, upon which any Rate or Duty, Rates or Duties, under the Manage-

ment of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, is or are reserved or made payable, for a Day, '

or any Iefs Period of Timb, upon Pain to forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, to be • 1

recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Any two Com- .j

Act, any two or more of his Majesty*s Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arising by missionersofthe

Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or fomc Person duly authorised by them, shall grant Licences Sump-dude*,ot

to such Persons who shall apply for the fame, to let out Horses for Hire, in Manner aforesaid, in any City,

Town, or other Place, within Great Britain, for the Space of one Year, to commence from the said first may gr^nt LU

Day of AuguJ?, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, upon all Licences to be granted on or before that cencesfor letting

Day, and upon Licences lobe first granted to any Person or Persons after the said first Day of August%. one, °ut Horses to

thousand seven hundred and eighty, to commence from the Day of the Date of every such Licence; anti Hac*

all and every Person or persons who shall take out such Licence for letting out Horses for Hire in Manner

aforesaid, shall take out a fresh Licence for another Year ten Days at the lead before the Expiration of

that Year for which he, (he, or they shall be fp licensed, if he, (be, or they shall continue to let out

Horses for Hire( in Manner aforesaid, and shall in like Manner renew such Licence from Year to Year^-

paying down the respective Sums due for such Licences, as long as he, (he, or they shall continue to ko

Opt Horses for Hire ip Manner aforesaid.

, V.1 And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Postmaster, Innkejeper, or other Ko'Person t* '

Person whatsoever, licensed or to be licensed by Authority of this Act, shall, by. virtue of one Licence, kerp more ihan-

keep more than one Inn, Hnufe, or other Place, for letting Horses for the Purposes aforesaid ; but for each one inn, &c. for

and every Inn, House, or other Place, which any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, .shall keep for det,jn? HorfVl»

She Purposes aforesaid, a separate and diitinA Licence shall be taken out and paid for by such Postmaster, Licence!° on*

(nnkeper, or other Person.

/ Vi. Ancj be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Licensed Inn*-

Person, ib licenkd to let Horses as herein-before mentioned, shall cause the Words (Lnenjcd to let Poft~ keepers, &e.vtp

horJii\ to be painted or written, in legible CharaAers, either on a Sign hung out, or in some visible Place cerf*in *;

in thp Front of his, her, or their House, Stables, or Out offices, at the respeAive Places at which he, ^YonThe

or they let out Horses to Hire as aforesaid, to denote that such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, Fronts of th^iv

is a Letter or Furnilher of Horses, and authorised to furnifti Travellers with the fame, pursuant to LaW; Hoofc», &c. be.

and if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, shall presume to let out fore they kt

Horses for Hue, as herein-before mentioned, without fixing or hanging out such Token as aforesaid, every Horse-sfor Hirr*

Foftrnafter, Innkeeper, or other Person, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the oai5cnaItyof 51.

Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and distributed as hereinafter is directed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other innkeeper*,

Person, so licensed as aforesaid, shall, if he, (he, or they, furnish his, her, or their own Chaises, or other 'who

Carriages, at the fame Time with such Horses let to Hire to travel Poll as aforesaid, mark or paint, or to travel

cause to be marked or painted, on the outside Pannel of the Door, er on some conspicuous Part of the *• *a*

Chaise or other Carriage so furnished, his, her, or their Christian and Surname, and the Name of the • [hT Pilc/of°

City, Town, or Place, of his, her, or their Abode, in large and legible CharaAers, and continue the Abode, on feme

fame thereupon so long as such Chaise or Carriage shall be so used; and if any Person or Persons shall con<picuou» Pm*

mgleA the fame, or mark or paint, or cause to be marked or painted, any false or fiAitious Name, or thereori

Place of Abode, on such Chaise or other Carriage, he or she shall forfek, for every such Offence, the Sum >onPcn4lty«*5h

of five Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or > innkrepm, *c.

other Person so licensed as aforesaid, rf he, (be, or they furnish his, her, or their own Coaches, Berlins, whosomifBCtr-

Landaus, Chariots, Calafhes with four Wheels, Chaise-marine, Chaise with four Wheels, oranyCalafhy riage* to travel

Chaise, or Chair, with two Wheels, or other Carriage as aforesaid, at the fame Time with such Horses pl\a?*v,~rkA

let to Hire, for a Day or less Period cf Time, for drawing on a Pod or other public Road, where such ftTnYffi* upon*

Carriage* shall Have a Box or other outside Seat for the Driver thereof, shall affix upon some conspicuous r.*ne coastncu-

Part of the Foot-board, or other Part of such Box or Seat, a Brass or Tin Plate, upon which there shall ous Pan Hereof,

be marked or engrnved the Christian and Surname of every such Owner or Owners, and the Name of the a Rrtfsor Tio

City, Town, or Place, of his, her, or their Abode, in large and legible CharaAers, and continue the

fame thereon, and replace the fame as often as Oocasion shall require, during the Time such Coach of ind PJjkc* of

other Carriage as aforesaid shall be so used ; and where such Carriages so furnished as aforesaid dull not Abode,

have a Bax or other outside Seat for the Driver thereof shall affix upon* a conspicuous Part of the P^le,

Shaft, or Splinter-bar ef every such Chaise or other Carriage as aforesaid, a Brass or Tin Plate, upon-

which there shall bp marked or engraved the Christian and Surname of every such Owner and Owner?,

together >yith. thp Name of the City, Town, or Place, of his, her, or their Abode, in large and legible

ChaiaAerSj and coir.kue the Came thereon, and replace the some as often as Occasion shall require,

* ........... * during

