337

A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C. 20.

Stipends and Salaries to all other Debts and Burthens; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwith-

standing.

XX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid annual and other Sums, payable

by the Ministers of the Church o (Scotland, and by the Heads, Principals, and Matters, in the Universities

aforesaid, and other Persons, and the Sums payable out of the Ann, or in respe^t of the Ann, and also the

Sums payable out of the vacant Benefices or Salaries, in the Manner herein-before directed, shall be ap-

plied by Order and Direction of the Trustees herein-after appointed, and their Successors, to the Uses and

rurposes after mentioned; videlicet, In the first Place, there shall be paid a Sum, not exceeding two hun-

dred and ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, yearly, for the Salaries of the General Collector

or Receiver, and the Clerk herein-after named and appointed; and in the second Place, two hundred

Pounds of like Money shall be applied annually for raifine the Capital herein-after mentioned, until the

fame is completed; and the Remainder of the said several Sums, after discharging the Charges of Ma-

nagement herein-after mentioned, shall be applied for Payment of the Annuities to the Widows who are

now upon the Fund to which they are respectively in titled; which Annuities shall continue payable to

them on the twenty-sixth Day of May yearly during their Life, and continuing unmarried; and also for

the Payment of an Annuity to the Widow of every Minister of the Church of Scotland, and of every Head,

Principal, and Master, in any of the Universities aforesaid, who hath been subject to one or other of the

annual. Rates above mentioned, in Proportion to the Rate to which the deceased Husband of the respective

Widow was liable, in the Manner following; that is to say. If the Husband washable to the annual Rate

of two Pounds twelve Shillings and Six-pence, his Widow shall be inti tied to an Annuity of ten Pounds ;

if the Husband was liable to the annual Rate of three Pounds eighteen Shillings and Nine-pence, his

Widow shall be intitled to an Annuity of fifteen Pounds \ if the Husband was liable to the annual Rate

of five Pounds and five Shillings, his Widow shall be intitled to an Annuity of twenty Pounds; and if

the Husband was liable to the annual Rate of six pounds eleven Shillings and Three-pence, his Widow

shall be intitled to an Annuity of twenty-five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain: Which respec-

tive Annuities of those Widows who shall hereafter come upon the Fund, shall be computed to run from

the twenty-sixth Day of May, or the twenty-second Day of November, which shall be one full Half Year

after the Hufoand’s Death, and shall be due on the twenty-sixth Day of Alay, or the twenty second Day

ot November thereafter, by equal Portions, and the fiift Year’s or Half Year’s Annuity respectively shall be

payable on the twenty-sixth Day of A Jay, which shall be a full Year, or a full Half Year, respectively,

after the Time from which the Annuity shall be computed as aforesaid; and the said Annuity shall so

continue payable on the said twenty-sixth Day of May yearly, during the Widow’s Life, and her re-

maining unmarried; and upon the Death or Marriage of any Widow, who is now upon the Fund, or

who shall hereafter come upon the Fund, her said Annuity (h ill cease and determine upon the twenty-sixth

Day of May, or the twenty-second Day of November, immediately preceding her Death or Marriage: And

if (he shall happen to die, or to marry before the Elapfe of ten Years, from the Commencement of her

Annuity, and her former Husband shall have left a Child or Children, who at the said Widow’s Death or

Marriage shall be under the Age of sixteen Years, such Child or Children under the Age of sixteen Years,

shall be intitled to such a Sum of Money as shall be equal to ten Years of the said Widow’s Annuity, de-

ducing so much thereof as shall have been received by her; which Sum shall be equally divided among

them, if there happen to be more than one Child.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if an Annuitant shall here-

after marry a Minister, Head, Principal, or Master, or any other Person liable in Payment of one or other

of the aforesaid annual Rates, (he shall be intitled, until the Capital herein-after mentioned is completed,

to one Half of her Annuity; and shall, after the said Capital is completed, be intitled to her full Annuity;

which Half or full Annuity shall cease and determine upon the twenty-sixth Day of May, or the twenty-

second Day of November, immediately preceding the Difiblution of the Marriage: And if such Annuitant

shall happen to be the Survivor, (he shall thereafter be intitled to an Annuity corrcfpomling to her Jaft

Hu (hand’s annual Rate; which new Annuity shall commence and determine in the same Manner as is

herein-before cnaCed with respeC to the Annuities of other Widows who shall hereafter come upon the

Fund.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if her former Husband shall

have left a Child or Children, who at the Time of her said Marriage shall be under the Age of sixteen

Years, and (he shall not have drawn ten Years Annuity, in this Cafe her Annuity shall cease and deter-

mine on the twenty-sixth Day of May, or the twenty-second Day of November, immediately preceding

her Marriage; and such Child or Children shall be intitled to the Reversion of her ten Years Annuity, in

the like Manner as is before enacted with respeef to Children under sixteen Years of Age, whose Father’s

Widow shall marry any Person not subject to one or other of the aforesaid annual Rates.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Minister of the Church of Scotland,

and every Head, Principal, or Master, in any of the Universities aforesaid, or any other Person who shall

have been subject to one or other of the aforesaid annual Rates, and who shall die, not leaving a Widow,

but one or more Children, such. Child or Children shall be intitled to a Sum equal to ten Years of the

Annuity that would have been payable to their Father’s Widow; which Sum, in case there are more Chil-

dren than one, shall be equally divided among them.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provisions to Children of the Ministers

of the Church of Scotland, or to the Children of the Heads, Principals, and Matters, in the Universities

aforesaid, falling due in consequence of the Death of their respective Fathers, or of the Death or Marriage

of the Widows of their said Fathers, in any one Year, computed from the twenty-second Day of November,

to the twenty-second Day of November, in the Year following, shall be payable on the thirteenth Day of

in the Maimer herein-after mentioned*.

XXV. An*

Application

of the Money \

vit. For Pay-

ment of Charges

of Management;

for raising the

Capital

and for paying

the Annuities to

Widows.

Rule for com-

puting Annul*

tics.

Time when An-

nuities shall

ceafsor deter-

mine.

Ch.ldren under

Age intitled to

Reverfton of

Annuities*.

Widow? marry-

irg Ministers,

&c. to continue

Annuitant*.

Proviso i*/r favour

of Children un-

der Age*-

Sum to hb pi‘<T

to Children

*hose fathers

died Widowers J

When their

Provisions ar*

payable.

