454

Dcuble or treble

Charge* not pay-

able

but subject the

Person making

the fame to the

Forfeitmeofiol.

TheaboveClause

not to extend to

the Charge for

any Deed, the

■Whole of which

ih.ll not amount

Pet(ons sued for

any Thing done

in pursuance of

this Act, may

plead the Gene-

ral issue ;

*$d recover

Treble Cost#.

■preamble.

Prixes made by

the King’s Ship*

to bfe divided be-

tween the Cap-

for*,

in the Propor-

tions by his Ma-

jesty already or-

dered, or to be

hereafter order-

ed, by Proclama-

tion.

Admiralty to if-

sue Conr-missions

\ to Privateert, on

the Owners giv-

ing proper Sc*

fumy.

Prixes made by

such tommission-

ed Ships to be

divided between

the Owners and

Capto’S, accord-

ing to ornate

Contraft.

C. 67. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

Attorney, Solicitor, 6r other Person, shall, for the writing or ingrossing one Skin of Parchment only,

Charge any Client or Employer for double or treble Skins, or for more than one Skin, making his Charge

the Sheet, or in any other Manner than by the Skin, under Pretence of hailing inserted in such one

Skin of Parchment a greater Number of Sheets than what they are obliged to do, or thin What is ufua'.ly

done, or under any Pretence whatsoever, such Charge shall not be payable by the Client; and further, that

every Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person, shall, for every such Charge so made or demanded, forfeit and

pay the Sum of ten Pounds, with Treble Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue

for the fame, in any Court of Record, by Action 0/ Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin,

Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed.

XIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

the Charge to be made for the ingrossing any Deed, the whole Contents of which shall not amount to the

Quantity or Number of Sheets to be contained in two Skins, reckoning the Quantity in each Skin accord-

ing to the Number of Sheets above specified.

to the usual Quantity contained in two Skim.

XIV. And, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at

any Time or Times, be sued,' molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed

jn pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thine, herein contained, such Person or Persons

shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence, for his or their Defence;

and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintifs

shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or

them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his

Majesty’s Navy.

c  WHEREAS his Majesty, by Order in Council, dated the twenty-ninth Day ofjuh, onethou-

W ^anc* seven hundred and seventy-eight, was pleased to Order that General Reprisals be granted

c against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects, of the French King; and that as well all his Majesty’s Fleets

and Ships, as also all other Ships and Vessels that shall be commissioned by Letters of Marque or Ge*

4 neral Reprisals, or otherwise, by his Majesty’s Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Ad-

4 miral of Great Britain, shall and may lawfully seize all Ships, Vessels, and Goods, belonging to the

4 French King, or his Subjects, or others inhabiting within any the Territories of the French King, and

4 bring the fame to Judgment in any of the Courts of Admiralty within his Majesty’s Dominions: Now,

4 for the Encouragement of the Officers and Seamen of his Majesty’s Ships of War, and the Officers and

4 Seamen of all other British Ships and Vessels having Commissions and Letters of Marque, and for in-

4 ducing all British Seamen who may be in any foreign Service to return into this Kingdom, and become

4 serviceable to his Majesty 5 and for the more effectual securing and extending the Trade of his Majesty’s

4 Subjects/ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame, That the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and

Soldiers on board every Ship and Vessel of War in his Majesty’s Pay, shall have the foie Interest and Pro-

perty of and in all and-every Ship, Vessel, Goods, and Merchandises, which they have taken since the

twenty-ninth Day of July* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or shall hereafter take during

the Continuance of Hostilities against France, after the fame shall have been finally adjudged lawful Prize

to his Majesty, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty’s Plant-

ations in America, or elsewhere; to be divided in such Proportions, and after such Manner, as his Majesty

hath, by his Proclamation of the sixteenth Day of September last, already ordered and directed, or a* his

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall think fit to order and direct, by Proclamation or Proclamations

hereafter to be issued for those Purposes.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain,

or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being,

or any three or more of them, or any Person or Persons by him or them impowered and appointed, shall,

at the Request of any Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel, giving such Bail and Security as is herein-

after mentioned and expressed, cause to be issued forth in the usual Manner one or more Commission or

Commissions to any Person or Persons whom such Owner or Owners shall nominate to be Commander,

or, in case of Death, successively Commanders of such Ship or Vessel, for the attacking, surprising, seizing,

and taking, by and with such Ship or Vessel, or with the Crew thereof, any Place or Fortress upon the

Land, or any Ship or Vessel, Goods, Ammunition, Arms, Stores of War, or Merchandise, belonging to

or possessed by any of his Maj< fty’s Enemies, upon the Land, or in any Sea, Creek, Haven, or River;

and that such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, or any Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, and

Merchandises whatsoever, with all their Furniture, Tackle, and Apparel, so tube taken by or with such

private Ship or Vessel, according to such Commission or Commissions, after final Adjudication as lawful

Prize in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Admiralty as aforesaid, and not before, shall wholly and entirely

belong to and be divided between and among the Owner and Owners of such Ship or Vessel, and the fe-

ver al Persons who shall be on board the fame, and be aiding and assisting to the taking thereof, in such

Shares and Proportions as shall be agreed upon with the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel as shall

be

e

