68

Non-icceptance

of Guardians not

to prejudice In-

fants, &c.

This Art not to

aftert Will* or

Settlements, Scc.

Allotments to be

Freeholds.

Allotments to be

the immediate

Property of the

Landlords.

Lessees may ap-

peal to Commis-

6 oners.

Tenants for Life,

See, impowered

to borrow Mo-

ney to indofe,

Sc c.

and to mortgage

the Allotments

for a Security.

Interest to be

kept down.

Mortgages. Sec,

may be aliened.

C. 17. Anno dedma feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1777.

Non-claim or Non-acceptance of any Guardian, Husband, Trustee, Committee, or Attorney, shall not

exclude or prejudice the Claim or Acceptance of any Infant, Fcme-covert, or any other Person under such

Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, who shall claim or accept, within one Year next after such Disability

or Incapacity shall be removed, or of any Person or Persons intit led as Heir, or in Remainder or Reversion

after the Death of any Person or Persons dying under such Disability or Incapacity, who shall claim or

accept within one Year after his, her, or their Right, Title, or Interest, shall have defeended, veiled,

or accrued.

XCIX. Provided also, and be it enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or

be confirmed, adjudged, deemed, or taken, to revoke, make void, or annul any Settlement, Deed, Will,

or Lease whatsoever, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Join-

ture, Rent, Service, Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance in, out of, upon, or aflecting the said Common or

Waste Ground to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, or any Part or Parcel thereof; but that the several

Shares and Allotments, so to be assigned and allotted upon such Division and inclosure thereof to the feve-

ral Proprietors respectively, shall, immediately after such Allotments shall be made and set out, be, re-

main, and enure, and be held and enjoyed, and the several Persons, to whom the fame shall be assigned

and allotted as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth stand and be seised and possessed thereof respectively to

such and the same Uses, and to and for such and the fame Estates, and with such and the fame Powers

and Authorities for making Leases and otherwise, and subject to the fame Wills, Limitations, Conditions,

Settlements, Trusts, Provisoes, Remainders, Reversions, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances (Right of

Common under any subsisting Lease or Leases, and Allotments to be made in lieu thereof, only excepted),

as the several Messuages, Dwelling-houses, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respe<Sl

or in lieu whereof such Allotments were made to them respectively, were and flood severally limited, or

subject and liable unto at the Time of making such Allotments respectively.

C. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all and every the Allotments of the said Common

or Waste Ground, which shall, by virtue of this A61, be set out, assigned, and allotted to the said Owners,

and Proprietors, in respect as well of their Freehold as of their Customary or Copyhold Messuages, Dwel-

ling-houses, Cottages, and Lands, within the said Parish of South Mimmsy shall be deemed, considered,

and taken as of Freehold Tenure, and not of Copyhold or Customary Tenure, any Thing herein con-

tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CL And be it further enacted, That all the Allotments to be made of the said Common or Waste

Ground by virtue of this Act in respect of any Messuages, Dwelling-houses, Cottages, or Lands, held

by Lease or Leases at Rack-rent, or for which Leases no Fines were paid to the Grantors as the Cons-

iderations for the fame, shall be allotted unto and held by the several Owners and Proprietors of such

Messuages, Dwelling-houses, Cottages, and Lands, freed and discharged from all Right or Claim of such

respective Lessees to, in, or upon the said Allotments, or any Part thereof, to be derived under or by virtue

of such Leases ; and in case any of such Lessees shall think himself, hetfelf, or themselves aggrieved thereby,

and such Landlords and Tenants shall not settle the fame to their mutual Satisfaction, then, and in every

such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, on Application to them made by

either Party, to take the Matters in question into their Consideration, and by their Order to make unto

every such Lessee, for his, her, and their Loss of Commonage, or other Losses by means of the said Di-

vision, such a fair and adequate Allowance, by way of Abatement or Reduction in the Rack-rents, by

such Leases reserved, as the said Commissioners shall think just and equitable.

CII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Husbands, Guardians,

Trustees, or Committees, of the said Owners or Proprietors, being under Coverture, Minors, Ideots,

Lunatics, or beyond the Seas, or being under any other Disability whatsoever, and to and for any of the

said Proprietors being Tenants inTailor for Life only, by and with the Consent of the said Commission-

ers testifted in Writing under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time, to charge their respective Al-

lotments of the said Common or Waste Ground with such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commission-

ers shall, in their Discretion, judge necessary for the Purposes of this Act, not exceeding the Rate of forty

Shillings per Acre; and, for securing the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money with Interest, to

grant, mortgage, lease, or d«mise, or otherwise subject the said Allotments unto such Person or Persons

as shall respcCfively advance and lend such Money, his, her, and their respective Executors, Administra-

tors, and Assigns, to or for any Term or Number of Years, so as every such Grant or Demise be made

with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be surrendered, when such

Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured, with the Interest thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid,

and so as in every such Grant or Demise which {hall be made by any Person or Persons interested in or in-

titled to any such mortgaged Premises for the Term of his, her, or their natural Life or Lives only, or by

his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, there be

contained a Covenant to pay and keep down the Interest*of the said Money to be thereby secured during

his, her, or their respective Life or Lives, in such Manner that no Person afterwards becoming possessed

of such Allotments shall be subject or liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for one

Year preceding the Time when the Title to such Possession shall accrue and commence ; and every such

Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or D mise, of the said Allotments and Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof,

so to be made in pursuance of this A cl, shall be good* valid, anJ effectual in the Law, for the Purposes

thereby intended, notwithstanding the Want of Title in the said Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, or Com-

mittees, or in the Persons ailing as such, or in the said Tenants in Tail or for Life, or any Settlement,

Will, Trust, Use, Remainder, Limitation, or other Impediment or Incumbrance, of or concerning the

said Lands, Grounds, or Premises, or any Part or Parcel thereof then in beings or capable of taking Ef-

feel, to the contrary: And all and every such Person and Persons* to whom any such Grant, Mortgage,

Lease, or Demise* iiuil be made, orwho fhaiHor the Ttnnt being be imitled ttythe Money thereby to be

secured.

