88

Process shall not

issue a gain ft

Goods, See. in

certain Cafes.

On ^r-curon.

Clerk to i Hoise

Debt and Culls.

In what CaOrs

Execution may

be superfeded.

Beadle fuffiring

Escape, tec. to

pay the D.bt.

Qualification of

Commilhoners.

Penalty on

acting, if not

qua.ihed.

Comm'fiionfts

to be sworn.

The Oath.

Cle»-k to admi-

nnlc; tiic la.i.e.

Mrnjcral

1 her tot *n be

re^iIc.td.

C. 19. Anno decimo septimo Georgii 1 IT. A.D. 1777^

may, at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, award

Execution for the whole Debt, or such Part thereof, as shall then icm.iiti unpaid, tc get her with such

further Costs as to them shall seem reasonable; to be recovered by the fame Proceis or Precept, and in like

Manner as is herein-before provided for Recovery of the Debt and Costs fiift decreed; the former Order

or Decree to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to im-

nower the Cleric of the said Court to issue any Process against the Goods and Cnatteft of any Person or

Persons, where the Party entitled to the Benefit of any such Order, Judgment, or Decree, as aforesaid,

{hall have obtained any Warrantor Process, as aforesaid, against the Body or Bodies of the same Person or

Persons, unless such Person or Persons shall escape out of Custody, or shall abscond or depart from or out of

the said Parish of Old Swinford, to avoid being apprehended and taken by virtue of such lait mentioned

Warrant or Process.

XXL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Precept to be issued upon

any Execution awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Per for. s whatLever, the Clerk, who

issues the fame, shall express and set down in Writing the Sum or Sums of Money, and Costs, so ordered

and decreed to be paid: And if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall be awarded shall,

before any actual Sale of his, her, or their Goods, or before he, she, or they, is, are, or shall be taken

and apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imp. ifonment, pay, or cause

to be paid, or tendered, unto the Clerk of the Court who shall issue such 1 rcccpt, such Sum or Sums cf

Money, and Costs, together with one Shilling as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying over

-such Debt and Costs to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and entering Acknowledgment, or Satisfaction, in the

Book or Register of the said Court, for such Debt and Costs; and also the S im of two Shillings to the

Beadle for Fees, in case such Party or Parties shall have beep committed to Priion, or his Goods shall be

distrained upon, and not fold; then, and in such Cafe or Cafes, the Execution shall he superfeded, and

the Body or Bodies and Goods of such Party or Parties shall be di ft barged and set at Liberty.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authoriry aforesaid, That ft the Beadle of the said Court, or

his Deputy, who shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution, (h 11, by wilful or notorious Neglect,

or Connivance, cause or fufter the Party, against whom such Execution shall be awarded, to escape; or

the Goods of such Party or Patties so distrained upon, to be carried away, emb zzled, or secreted, so that

such Execution shall not have its due Effect; it shall and may be law ful to and for the said Commissioners,

or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, upon Complaint and due Proof made, upon the Oath

or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Beadle to pay such Sum or Sums of

Money, for which the said Execution wfas awarded, to the Party complaining; and to enforce the Pay-

ment thereof by the fame Method and Means as are herein-before provided for the Payment of other

Debts.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting

as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless, at the Time of his so acting, he (hull be, in his

own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Poflfflion or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of

Lands nr Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of twenty Pounds above Reprises, or possessed of a per-

fonal Estate to the Value of six hundred Pounds: And if any Person or Persons made incapable to act, for

the causes aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act in the Execution of this Act, every such Person

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall

fus for the fame, in any of his M.ijesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster; and the Person so prosecuted

.shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Sum of fifty Pounds, without any

other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor or Plaintiff, than that such Person hath acted as a

Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall b? crp ib!e

of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath to the follow-

ing Effect:

4 T A, B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and hone flly, according to the best of my Judg-

4 * ment, hear and determine all such Matters and Caufts as shall be brought before me, by virtue of an

4 Act of Parliament, intituled, yin did for the more enfy and speedy Recovery of Small Delis within the Parish

4 of Old Swinford, in the Ccunties of Worcester and Stafford; without Favour or A (left ion, Prejudice or

4 Malice, to cither Party. So help me G O D/

Which Oath the Clcik of the fiid Court, hereby name I, is hereby, at the first Court or Meeting to be

held by the said Commissioneis, or any three or more of tlntn, in pursuance of this Act, iir.pov.e ed and

required to administer, to all and every Commissioner and Commissioners, in open Court, and in the Pre-

fence of three or more of such Commissioners; and in like Manner, at any substquent Court, the Clerk of

the Lid Court, or any of the Commissioners who shall have taken such Oath, is and are hereby impowered

and required to administer the fa»d Oath, in open Court, to all and every such other Commissioner and

Commissioners not having qualified hintftlf as aforesaid, at such first Court or Meeting; of all which Oath

and Oaths, so to be taken as afore mentioned, the said Clerk of the said Court shall cause a Memorial to

be entered in the Register of the Lid Coirt amongst the Proceedings of such Days rftpeftively.

XXV. And be it further enacLd by the Auihoriy aforesaid, That the several Ftcs h* rein-after Embed

and expressed, and r.o other, shall be taken by the said Cle<k and Beadle, or their Succefllrs, for their

Lver.il and :cspective Sen ices in the Execution of this Act \ that is to say:

Ta

O.

