the T IT L E § of

4f»or<] Onslow and Cranley, and Wiliam Luck Gentleman,

and Edmund Lucky his Son*

97. An Act for veiling the Freehold Estates, in the Coun-

ties of Hereford and Monmouth, devised by the Will of

Thomas Chamberlajne Esquire, deceased, in Richard Combe

Esquire, in Fee-nmple; and for settling other Estates of

the said Richard Combe, in the County of Somerset, of

greater Value, in lieu thereof.

tj%. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a cer-

tain Common or Waste Ground, called Holton Moor,

in the Township of Halton, in the Manor of Temple-

newfanty in the Pajrish of Whitkirke, in the Weft Riding

of the County of York*

99. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of

Great Sturt on, in the County of Lincoln.

100. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain

Commons or Waste Grounds, within the several Town-

ships of Kingfey, Newton near Kingsley, Norley, and

Crowton, in the Parishes of Frodfham and Weaverham,

in the County of Chester.

101. An Act for veiling Part of the settled Estates of Sir

William Hamilton and Dame Catherine his Wife in Truf-

tees, to fell or exchange the fame; and for laying out

the Money to arise by Sale thereof, in the Purchase of

other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled

to the same Uses.

102. An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of Philip Egerton

Esquire^ in the County of Flint; and for investing the

Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to

the same Uses.

103. An Act to confirm and establish Articles of Agree-

ment, for a Partition or Division of Lands and Heredi-

taments, in the Counties of Northampton and Warwick,

the Estates of John Clarke Esquire, and Mary his late

Wife, deceased $ and for settling the fame to the Uses

therein mentioned.

104. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, Commons, and Waste

Grounds, within the Manor of Killamarsh, in the

County of Derby.

Jo<;. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open and Common fields, and other Commonable

Lands and Grounds, of and within the several Patilhes

and Liberties of Whilton, Norton, and Brockhall, or in

some or one of them, in the County of Northampton.

lc6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Pastures, and Common Downs,

in the Parishes of Sbireborne and Windrujh, in the

Qounty of Gloucester.

107. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Paf*

tures, in the Manor and Parish of Grafton Underwood,

in the County of Northampton.

J08. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Heath,

and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of

’ Mctheringham, in the County of Lincoln.

IC9. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands

and Grounds, within the Parish of Candlcfby, in the

County of Lincoln.

110. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Lands, and a {tinted Pasture, in the 7'ownship

of Newjham, in the North Riding of the County of

York.

111. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Com-

' mon Fields, Common Pastures, Ings, Common and

6iher Waste Lands ^and Grounds, within the Township

the statutes:

and Manor of Barmby upon the Moor, in the East Ridings

of the County of York.

112. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Com-

mon Arable Fields, Wolds, Commons, and Waste

Grounds, in the Townships of North Newbald and Sout/g

Newbald, within the Parish of North Newbald, ill the

County of York.

11?. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-1;

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and

within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Killefby, in

the County of Northampton.

114. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open-

Arable Field?, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, and the

Common or Moor, within the Township of Thornton,.

in the Parish of Foflon, in the North Riding of the;

County of York.

tiq. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Pastures, Forest and Waste Grounds,

in the Parish of Farnsfield, in the County of Nottingham*

116. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields*,

Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Pa-

rtfh of Brampton, in the County of Lincoln.

117. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the

Parishes of Halam and E dinghy, in the County of Not*

tingham.

118. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Commonable Lanos, and Waste Grounds,

within the Manor and Parish of Leadenham, in the

County of Lincoln. 1

up. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain*

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-

- mon Pastures, Downs, Commons, and other-Common-

able Lands, within the Township of Uffington, and the

Hamlets of Balking and Woolfton, otherwise Woolvcrston,

and within the Hamlets of Kingston Life and Fawitr, ii*

the County of Betks.

120. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Mesne Inclosures, Commons, or Waste Grounds*

within the Township of Monkbretton otherwise Burtoni

in the Parish of Royflone, in the Weft Riding of the

County of York.

121. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com*

mon Fields, and certain Commonable Lands, within the

Parish of Farmborcugh otherwise Farnborough, in the

County of Berks

122. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields and Commonable Grounds within the Pa-

rish of Gilmorton, in the County of Leicfer. ;

123. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, Cow

Pasture, or Shrub, Town-green, Heath, and Waste

Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Weflon Col-

ville, in the County of Cambridge.

124. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Com-

mons, or Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Baf-

churchy Hordley, Stanwardine in the Wood, Weslcn, Lull

lingfield, and Stanwardine in the Fields, or some of them,

in the County of Salop.

125. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

and other Commonable Grounds, in the Tirhings otr

Liberties of Ramfbury Town, Park Town, Whittonditch,

Eastridge, and Bay don, within the Manor of Ramsbury,

in the County of Wilts.

126. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Moor, or Com-

mon, in the Parish of Bulmer, in the North Riding of

the County of York

127. An

