A.. IX 17*77. Annn *l<?cluio feptimo GuORGII III.

C. 17.

65

or Copyhold, such Allotments or Parcels of the said Common or Wafts Ground, as shall, In the Judg-

ment of the said CommifGoners (Quality and Situation considered), be equal in Value to the fevera! and

xespective Quantities after mentioned, upon the Average Value of the whole of the said Common or Waste

Ground, in lieu of their Rights and Claims in and upon the fame, without having any Regard to the real

Value of such Houses or Cottages ; (that is to say) To the Owner of every Dwelling house or Cottage

rot assessed or rated to the Land Tax, and also to the Owner of every Dwelling-house, Cottage, or Land,

assessed or rated to the Land Tax at any annual Value or Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, an Allotment,

after the Rate of one Acre and one Quarter of an Acre, on the Average Value of the whole Common, as

aforesaid : To the Owner of every Dwelling-house, Cottage, or Land, assessed or rated to the Land Tax

at any annual Value or Sum above forty Shillings, and not exceeding five Pounds, an Allotment after the

Rate of one Acre and an Half, on the Average Value of the whole Common, as aforesaid : To the Owner

of every Dwelling-house, Cottage, or Land, assessed or rated to the Land Tax at any annual Value or

Sum above five Pounds, and not exceeding ten Pounds, an Allotment after the Rate of two Acres on the

Average Value of the whole Common, as aforesaid : And to the Owner of every Dwelling-house, Cot-

tage, or Land, assessed or rated to the Land Tax at any annual Value or Sum above ten Pounds, and not

exceeding fourteen Pounds, an Allotment after the Rate of two Acres and an Half, on the Average Value

of the whole Common, as aforesaid. Provided always. That in every Cafe where any such Owner will

not, under the Provifiuns aforesaid, be intitled to an Allotment of the said Common or Waste Ground,

amounting in the whole to three Acres, then, and in every such Cafe, the said Commissioners shall allot

to each and every of such Owners one Quarter of an Acre in Addition to his or her respective Allot-

ment or Allotments. Provided also, That the said Commissioners shall not allot any Part of the said

Common or Waste, for or in respect of any Cottage erected on the Waste oft the Manor of South Mimmsy

or the Manor of Williotis^ since the twemy-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-six.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby au-

thorifed and directed to assign, set out, allot, and appoint, all the Residue and Remainder of the said

Common or Waste Ground to and amongst the said James Earl of Salisbury, and all other the Owners and

Proprietors of Messuages, or Dwelling-houses, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Parish of South

Afimms (the Vicar of the said Parish, and the several Persons to whom such Allotments shall be made

under the Provisions aforesaid, only excepted), according and in proportion to the annual Sums or Rates

at which the said Owners and Proprietors arc, in respect of their several Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments, within the said Parish of South Mimms, set, assessed, and rated to the Land Tax for

the said Parish (save and except as herein-after is otherwise provided) ; and that in allotting the fame, the

said Commissioners shall have due Regard to the Quantity, Quality, Situation, and Convenience of every

Person’s Allotment and Allotments.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Messuages, Dwelling-houses, Cot-

tages, or Lands, in the said Parish of South Mimms, being the Property of one and the same Person, shall

happen to be assessed and rated to the Land Tax in separate and distinct Sums; then, and in every such

Cafe, the said Commissioners shall consider every such Person as intitled to onegrofs Allotment, according

and in proportion to the whole Amount of such several distinct: Assessments, when added together and

made one Sum, and not according to such separate or distinct Assessments.

LXXXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall find that any

Owner of two or more Dwelling-houses or Cottages within the said Parish of South Mimms, whose Aflfefl-

ments to the Land Tax shall not exceed fourteen Pounds a Year, will not receive, or be intitled under the

Provisions aforesaid, to an Allotment in respect of such Dwelling-houses or Cottages, equal, on an Average

Value of the whole Common as aforesaid, to the Rate or Proportion of one Acre for each of such Dwel-

ling-houses or Cottages ; then, and in every such Cafe, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby

authorised and directed to set out, assign, and allot unto every such Owner, after the Rate or Proportion

of one Acre for and in respect of each and every of such Dwelling-houses or Cottages, to be taken on an

Average Value of the Whole of the said Common or Waste Ground, as aforesaid.

LXXXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That every Dwelling-house, Cottage, or Building, un-

der one Roof, though occupied or divided into two or more Dwellings, and being the Property of one

Owner or Proprietor, shall be deemed and considered only as one Dwelling-house or Cottage, any Thing

herein*before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXVUI. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That in case the said Commissioners shall find

that any Messuage, Dwelling-house, Cottage, or Land, within the said Parish of South MimmSj was not

assessed or rated to the Land Tax at the Time of passing this Act, on account of the fame being unte-

nanted or uninhabited, that then, and in every such Cafe, every such Messuage, Dwelling-house, Cot-

tage, and Land, shall be intitled to its Share and Proportion of the said Common or Waste Ground, ac-

cording to the Rate or Assessment at which the fame was last set and rated to the Land Tax respectively,

any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in setting out and allotting the said Common or

Waste Ground, the Farms and Lands of Thomas Allen Esquire, shall be considered by the said Commis-

sioners (in regard the fame are let and aflffled at an Under-value) as assessed and rated to the Land Tax

at fifty Pounds a Year more than the fame are really assessed and rated at; and that such of the Farms and

Lands, whereof the Corporation called The Brewers Company is seised, in Trust for certain charitable

Uses (in regard the said Farms and Lands are not assessed and rated to the Land Tax), shall be considered

by the said Commissioners as actually assessed and rated to the Land Tax at fifty-six Pounds and ten Shil-

lings a Year, over and above other Farms and Lands of the said Corporation, which are assessed and rated

to the Land Tax 5 and that the Tenement in the said Parish of South Alimms belonging to the Parish or to

VOL.XIII. Parti. K the

Allotments (of

Cottago, &.C,

Allotments

other Persons,

Assessments to

be consolidated.

Owners of two

or more Cot-

tages to be allot-

ted one Acre for

each.

Two Dwellings

under one Roof

but one Cottage.

Prorifion for

un tenanted

Houses.

An TIxerrtTon Act

to Mr A^en,

the Brewers

Compxny, and

Shcmej iVifn,

