A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C. 20.

rants ; and shall deliver to the Children the Warrants in their Favour, on the said thirteenth Day of August^

t>r so soon thereafter as they shall call for the fame.

LXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid General Collector or Receiver

{hall, immediately upon the said Warrants being presented to him, at his Office, upon any of the Days,

and within the Hours above specified, make Payment of the respc£live Sums therein contained, without

Fee or Reward, upon a Receipt indorsed upon the said Warrants.

LXXII. Provided always, That the Widows or Children claiming Annuities or Provisions in virtue of

the aforesaid Warrants shall along therewith lodge, with the said General Collector or Receiver, such

Certificates as shall be required by the said Warrants, according to the Forms prescribed by the

Trustees.

LXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if either the General Collector or Re-

ceiver, or the Clerk to the Trustees aforesaid, shall, on any Pretence whatever, exact or receive any

Money or Reward whatsoever, for or in respect of delivering the aforesaid Warrants, or for making Pay-

ment pursuant to the said Warrants, the said General Collector or Receiver, and Clerk respectively so

offending, shall, jpfo fatto, forfeit his Office, and be incapable of ever being 1 e-clecUd into the fame ; and

upon Proof of such Offence being taken by the Trustres, which Proof they are hereby impowered to take,

the said Trustees are hereby impowered and required to deprive the said General Collector or Receiver, or

the said Clerk respectively, and to declare him or them incapable of being rc-chosen : And if any Person

acting under the said General Collector or Receiver, or under the said Clerk respectively, shall exact any

•Fee or Reward upon the aforesaid Accounts, the said General Collector or Receiver, or the said Clerk, by

whom such Person was appointed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the S im of ten Pounds, of lawful

Money of Great Britain, upon Proof brought before the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid, which Sums

shall be levied and applied in the same Manner as is above directed with respect to the Annual Rates.

LXXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Widow, Child, or Children, in-

Vitled to an Annuity, or to Provisions respectively, shall be unduly omitted in making up the said Annual Lift

as aforesaid, whether such Omission shall be occasioned through Default of the Prcfbyteries or Universities

respectively, in not transmitting Lifts agreeable to the Form that shall be prescribed by the Trustees, or

from whatever other Cause or Occasion, it {hall and may be lawful for such Widow, Child, or Children,

to make their Claim to the said Trustees, on or before their next stated Meeting, upon the third Tuesday

of March, in the Year following; and the said Trustees are hereby impowered and required to insert the

said Widow, Child, or Children, in their Lifts to be made up for that Year; and shall grant Warrants for

Payment of their Annuities and Provisions respectively, out of the Produce of the Year immediately pre-

ceding.

LX/CV. And be it further enacted, That if it {hall appear to the said Trustees, that the Omission of

such Widow, Child, or Children, was not owing to any Default of their own, but to other causes, of

which the Trustees are hereby declared the foie Judges in this Cafe, and no other ways, it shall be compe-

tent for them to allow such Widow, Child, or Children, Interest on their respective Claims, from the

Dates when such Claims shall respectively be given in.

LXXVI. Provided always, That if the Widow, Child, or Children, so unduly omitted, shall, if refid-

ing within the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland\ neglect to make their Claim within five Years, or if

residing out of these Kingdoms within ten Years after such Omission, their Claim shall be held as de-

ferted and given up, and shall not be allowed at any Time thereafter.

LXXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Payment herein-before directed fha 11

be made to the Widows or Children respectively named in the Warrants, if the Persons so named are

Majors, and to the Tutors and Curators of such of them as are Minors; and if they have no Tutors or

Curators, to such Person or Persons as shall be authorised for that Purpose, by an Act of the Prcfbytery qr

University respectively, of which the Person under whom the Provision is claimed was last a Member. '

LXXVIil. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Annuities payable to Wi-

dows, and the Provisions payable to Children, of the aforesaid Ministers of the Church of Scotland) and

of the Heads, Principals, and Matters, in the Universities aforesaid, shall not be liable to any Arrestment,

but shall be paid to the Widows and Children themselver, or to their Tutors or Curators, or Trustees as

aforesaid, or to their Executors and Administrators or Assigns; any Law or Ufuge to the contrary not-

withstanding.

LXXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees herein-before named

and appointed {hall attend the aforesaid stated Meetings, and the adjourned Meeting? thereof, and all oc-

cafional Meetings to which they {hall be lawfully warned or summoned ; and in case of the Absence of

the said Trustees from any of the aforesaid four stated Meetings, they shall forfeit the Sum of two Shillings

and Six-pence of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be levied and applied to such Purposes as the Truf-

tees shall appoint; and a Certificate, under the Hands of the Clerk, shall be a sufficient Evidence of such

Absence, and of the Penalty being incurred, unless the Trustees absent as aforesaid shall have a sufficierrt

Cause for such Absence, and which shall be allowed by a Majority of the Trustees who shall be prefect at

the respective Meetings.

LXXX. Provided always, That if such Excuse is disallowed of, it shall not be competent for the

Trustees to modify or lessen the Penalty.

LXXXL And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall annually prepare a

State of the Funds under their Management, and an Account of their Proceedings, which shall be laid

annually beford the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, and shall cause one thousand Copies

thereof to be printed, to lie in the Hands of the Clerk of the Trustees in their Hall, till called for. by the

several Ministers, Heads, Principals, and Matters, and othersjiable in Payment of any of the annual Rates

aforesaid.

Yyz LXXXII. And

343

General Collec-

for to make Pay-

ment upon W ir-

rants being pre-

fer teJ to him.

Widows or Chil-

dren to lodae the

Certificates re-

quired.

No Rewards to

be taken by the

Collator or-

Clerk for de-

livering War-

rants*

Remedy for Wi-

dows or Chil-

dren omitted in

the Lilts*

If OmifTion not

owing to De-

fault, Trustees

may allow Ia-

terest on their

Claims.

Time limited

for making

Claims upon

such Onr.iflions,

Payments to be

made to Maors,

and to Tutors

for Minots.

Annuities and

Privisions to

Children net

liable to Arrest-

ment.

Trustees so at-

tend stated

Meetings,

cr forfeit as. 6d«

Proviso#

Tiuflees to pre-

pate a Slate of

the fund, and

Cmfe the fa .,C

t. be printed,

