A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. C. 70.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of any sudden

Damage being done to any Bridge or Bridges, within the said County, and which mny require an imme-

diate Support or Repair, that it shall be in the Power of any two Trustees, and they are hereby empowered

to give Orders for making such Repair or Repairs, but so as the Sum to be expended thereupon shall not

exceed five Pounds Sterling, and that the Money so expended shall be provided for and paid by an Order of

the next general Meeting, on an Application to them for that Purpose.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sums to be raised and levied by virtue

of this Act, shall be applied by the said Trustce9, in the first Place, to defray and pay the Charges of ob-

taining and passing this Act, and afterwards wholly and totally to the Ufcs and Purposes before mentioned,

and to no other Purpose or Use whatsoever-

XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Powers by this Act given and granted,

shall take place from and after the parting of this Act, and have Continuance during the Term of twenty-

five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sertion of Parliament.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Extent of the Satisfaction to be

made to any Person or Persons for the Damage sustained by such Person or Persons, in consequence of the

Powers granted by this Act, except as to widening the Roads as above mentioned, shall be ascertained and

determined by a Sentence of two Justices of the Peace; and that in case such Person or Persons shall think

themselves aggrieved by such Sentence, they may apply for Redress in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XXXI. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Actions and Complaints for all and

any of the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, and for any Wrong or Injury done or fuffered in

any Matter relative to or in consequence of any of the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall be ori-

ginally brought before two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County, and shall be commenced within

the Space of three Calendar Months after the Penalty or P'orfeiture is incurred, or Wrong done, or Injury

fuffered, and not afterwards.

XXXII. Provided always, That in case any Person or Persons shall think himself or themselves aggrieved

by the Sentence or Judgment of the Justices of Peace upon any of the Matters or Things referred to their

Determination, it shall and may be lawful to the said Person or Persons to appeal for Redress to the next

General Quarter Session of the said County, at which not fewer than three Justices shall be present; and

such Appeal shall be lodged within fix Days after the Sentence complained of; and if any Person or Persons

shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of the Quarter Sections, it shall be lawful for

such Person or Persons to apply for Redress by summary Complaint to the Court of Session: Provided al-

ways, That before such Application, the Party making the same shall find Caution to pay the Sum of forty

Shillings Sterling, besides full Costs of Suit, in case such Pa*ty shall not prevail in the fame.

XXXIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall subject Clergymen to perform any Services, or

to the Payment of any Conversion, on account of their Manses and Glebes.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and held to be a

public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and others, without specially

pleading the same.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to enable HeftGr Munro Esquire, to build and maintain a Harbour and Pier at the

Town of Findhorn, in the County of Elgin and Forres.

T T J HEREAS a proper Harbour on the South Side of the Murray Firth, in North Britain, is much

wanted for the Reception and Protection of Veffels resorting to the Northern Seas; and the

Town of Findhorn, upon the River Findhorn, within the Barony of Aluirtoztn, and County of Elgin and

c Forres, is, by its Situation immediately above the Entrance of the said River into the Sea, a most com-

modious Place for that Purpose: And whereas Heel or Munro of Novar Esquire, foie Proprietor of the

said Barony, is desirous to build, at his own Expence, a fuff.cient Harbour and Pier adjoining to the said

4 Town of Findhorn, in Confi Jeration of such Tolls, for a Term of Years, as may be adequate for build-

ing and maintaining the said Harbour and Pier, which will be of great public Utility to that Part of the

united Kingdom ;* but as the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, may

it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

th is present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful

to and for the said Hcftor Munro, his Heirs and Assigns (Proprietors of the said Barony of Aduirtoun), or

such Person or Persons as he or his Forefaids shall appoint, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter,

to build, maintain, and preserve, an Harbour and Pier upon the River Findhorn, at or near the Town of*

Findhorn, within the said Barony of Muirtoun and County of Elgin and Forres; and to deepen, clean, and

preserve the said Harbour, and the Additions and Improvements which may be made thereto by this present

Act, from Dirt and Mud, and other Obstrudtions whatsoever; and also to build and erect, and caule to be

built and erected therein. Piers and Quays, Jettecs and Breasts of proper Dimensions, and all other nccef-

fary Works within the said Harbour, for the Reception and more convenient lading and unlading of Ships

and Vessels resorting thereto; and also to erect, or cause to be erected, all necefhry Buildings and W.»re-

houses for receiving of Goods and Merchandise, and that in such Manner as the said Hector Alunro and his

Forefaids, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, shall judge to be ncceHary and expedient.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifteenth Day of A say, one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Hcdlor Munro and

his Forefaids, and such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to demand, collect^ receive and take, of

> axul

299

Su<Men Damate

to Bridges may

be repaired by

two Trustees.

Ejrpences of thi»

Ad to be first

paid.

Ad to continue

in Force ac

Years.

Justices of the

Peace to afeer-

tain Damages.

Actions and

Complaints to be

brought before

the Justices,

Persons aggriev-

ed may app?al to

the Quarter

Sections, and

from them to

the Court of

Section.

This Act not to-

affect Clergy-

men.

Public Act»

Preamble*

Hrdor Monrcr

empowered ro

build a Harbour

and Pier, &c.;

and to collect

the jol.owkxgt

