A.D. 1777. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. G. 41.

or any other Person or Persons whatsoever in their Behalf, to carry any such Captures into any Port, Har-

bour, or Piace, in any of his Majesty’s Dominions aforesaid; any Thing in the Lid Act contained to the

contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Captures wh:ch have been already

carried into the said Poit and Harbour of New York^ or which, before thefi-ft Dav o\ Av.gujl, one thousand

Icven hundred and sevenry-leven, shall be carried in there, or inro any of his RBijtfty's Domini »ns, with

such Licence and Warrant as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been lawfully carried into such Port or

Harhcu* \ and after Condemnation as lawful Prize, the fame shall and may, with the like Licence and

Warrant, be exported from thence, and brought and imported into this Kingdom, or any other of his

Majesty's Dominions, upon Payment of the fame Customs and Duties, and subject to the fame Restric-

and Regulations in all other Rtfpecb, as the fame now are subject to by the said recited Act; any

Thing therein to the contrary thereof notwithstanding

4 III. And whereas, since the patting of the said Act, several Sh:ps and Vessels, wuth their Cargoes,

* which had been taken by the Inhabitants of some of his Majesty’s rebellious Colonies or Plantations in

4 America, and were afterwards retaken, have been condemned in the Courts of Admiralty or Vice-admi

* rahy in the lle/l Indies, and in America, and afterwards lo!d in order to ascertain one-eighth Par: of the

4 Value of such Ships, Vessels, and Cargoes, to which the Recaptors are intirled by virtue of the said Act ;

4 by Means whereof ihe original Owners, and others interested therein, have been greatly damnified : For

4 Remedy whereof/ be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Ship, Vefl'cl,

or Boat, taken by virtue of the said Act, or any Goods therein, shall appear and he proved, in any Coirts

of Admiralty or Vice-admiralty aforesaid, to have belonged to any of his Ivlajesty’s Subjects of Great B. i-

t*in or Ireland, or any of the Dominions and Territories remaining and continuing in their Allegiance to

the King, and under his Majesty’s Protection, and to have been taken or surprized by any of the Inhabi-

tants of his Majesty’s rebellious Colonies or Plantations therein before mentioned, and to be in the Pof-

session or Bovver of such unlawful Captor at the Time of such retaking: then, and in such Cafe, such

Ships, Vettcls, Boats, and Gbods, belonging to such his Majesty’s Subjects remaining and continuing un-

der his Protection and Obedience, as aforesaid, shall in all Cafes be adjudged to be rtftored, and fV.all be,

by Decree of the said Vice admiralty Court, accordingly restored to such Owner or Owners, he or they

paying one-eighth of the Value the rcof to the Rcraptors, or giving good and sufficient Security, to the

Satisfaction or the Recaptors, to pay one-eighth of the true Value of such Ship and Goods so retaken, for

and in lieu of Salvage: And for ascertaining such one-eighth Part, where it fhuli be judged necessary by

the Owner or Owners of such Vessel or Boat, or the Goods therein so retaken aforesaid, to be removed

into any other Pent or Piace in order to be sold or disposed of, the Judge of the Vice admiral y Courr, in

which the said Ship and Goods shall be decreed to be restored, {hall forthwith cause the fame n be ap-

praised by Persons to be named by the Claimant and Recaptors; or if they do not agree, to he appointed

by the Court, and sworn truly to appraise the fame according to the heft of their Skill and Knowledge ;

and that no Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, laden therein, so retaken as

aforeLid, shall be fold or disposed of for the Purpose of paying any such Salvage or eighth Part, or on any

ether Account whatsoever, unless by the Consent of the Owners; except in Cafes where there flnll be no

Claim for such retaken Ships, Vessels, Boats, or Goods ; in which Cafe, the Judge of the said Vice-ad-

niiralty Court shall orJer as much of the Cargo, afrer having been appraiFd as aforesaid, to be sold, as

will be sufficient to pay the Recaptors the one-eighth of the Value of the Ship and Cargo, and the Ex-

pences of the Apprailement and Sale; and if the Cargo be not sufficient for that Purpose, then the Ship

or Vtflll to be 1 ike wife fold, and the Remainder, after paying the said Salvage, to be deposited in the Rc-

giftry of such Vice-admiralty Court, for the Benefit of the Owners who {ball thereafter apply for and

claim the fame; and except also in such Cafes where any Part of th- Cargo shall appear to be in a peril-

ing Condition; in which Cafe the said Judge shall direct the Sale of such perifning Bart, for the Benefit

of the Persons concerned therein.

1

All Captnr-s

u hi h hnvtr Iv c n

cairird in'.j -h-*

Harbour cf N*.

York., o b -'.re

Aug. % J;77»

b : oh • d

ir,t~ ar\ oi fiiv

Dr-

r imer. , vi'h

LWr.ct- as .it >rc-

f/i \ O’)!' h-

df m'd *( h \

b :rn 1j-a lul y

taJii.d in, &c.

VrfT 1«, Sec.

v }>i< h had bern

r.iker» ^foTi 'tts

NT a* tty’s S b-

j( fts not in Re.

b; )i *n, an J

v Inch (lull be

r.taken,

fli.ill Hr rpflered

to the OvvnCTf,

on pay:ne i-?rh

Par: of thr Va» '

hit thereof.

Vc'T 1-, Sc. ta

be an^raifei

tut ror fri t

w thout the

Consent of the

O * nets;

exce. t,

CAP. XLI.

An Act to prevent the chnJestine unfliipping from and receiving Goods at Sea on Board

Vessels employed in the East India Company’s Service ; for ascertaining the Manner of d 1-

charging Bonds given for the due Exportation of certain Goods from Great Britain to

Foreign Parts; and to oblige the Mailers of Rritiffj or Irish Ships, Bailing from any of his

Majoily’s Dominions into the Balticto deliver a Manifello of their Cargoes to the Bvitish

Con;ul residing there.

1 HEREAS the Laws heretofore made to prevent the clandestine running of Goods from on board

4 » ’ Ships employed in the Service of the Ea/l India Company-on their homeward Voyages, and the

* receiving of Goods on board such Ships at Sea on their outward Voyages from this Kingdom, arc infufii-

* cient to answer those Purposes, it having been found by Experience that very la’gc Quantities of Muflms,

* Tea<, and other Goods, a:e unshipped Irom on board such Ships in:o Vcff< Is that meetihem at Sea on their

4 Voyages homewards, which Goods are afterwards run on Si’,ore on the Coafisof this Kingdom without

* Payment of Duties ; and also that large Quantities of Wine. Brandy, and other Goods, are clandestinely

4 laden and put on board Ships employed in the said Compare’s Service on their outward-bound Voyages

* at Sea, from Vessels that wait hovering for them upon the Coast of this Kingdom, laden with such

4 Goods from foreign Parts ; to the great Loss of the public Revenue, the Detriment of the Ea/l India

4 Company, and the Prejudice of the fair Traders: Eor Remedy whereof/ may it pleale your Majesty

Vol. XIII. Part I.

Preamble.

