A..D. 1779. Aiind deeimo ftd&o Gtor o 11Ilf,*

C. 34* 3^1

and in case the said Commissioners (half not, within forty Day* after such Appeal, deferrtlite the fame, or

rf any of the Parties shall not be satisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, that then He,

foe, or they may appeal unto the Justices of the Peace at one of the two next General Ouarter Seffiorts t<5

be held for the said County of Cambridge, and not afterwards, giving at lead ten Days Notice thereof iit

Writing to the said Clerk of the said Commissioners; which said Justices are hereby authorised and required

to Hear and finally determine such Complaints, and give Relief therein as they shall fee Cause, as also td

adjudge and order such Costs to the Appellants or Respondents as to them shall seem reasonable; but if nd

such Notice of Appeal, and in Manner as before direfled, shall be given to the said Commissioners within

•ne Month after the pafltng of this Act, the Determination before made by th* said Comrtiifllorifers iit

the Cafe of Appeals, shall stand good, and be binding and conclusive, to all Intents andJ Purpbfes what--

soever.

XIV. Provided always, That no Justice of the Peace shall have a Voice in the Determination of fudi

Appeal, who has any littered*in any of the Fen Lands and LoW Grounds within the Limit* *s before de-

feribed.

4 XV. And whereas under the former A&, and Powers therein gtvefi, the said Commissioners, in order

4 to the Support, Reparation, and Maintenance of the Banks, and other Works, cre&ed and done for the

f Preservation and general Service of the whole Level, have injured a Grouhd called The RuJb'Grcund, id

* the Parish of Ditton, now or late in the Occupation of Jarhes Priest, insomuch that the’ Arrears of TaX

*- now due thereon cannot juffly be demanded be it therefore eriaaed, That the said Commissioners shall

be, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to appoint two difinterested Persons, of competent Skill.

Knowledge, and Judgment, to view the said Ground so injured; and in purfuaneg of the Report of the said

two Perions, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to reledfe, acquit, and dischargfe' diefaid Jariiet

Priefty or the Proprietor of the said Ground, from the Payment of all or any Part of theTafc that is now

hi A«rear and due thereon.

4 XVI. And whereas the Lands called Adventure Lands, lying within the Limits of the DistriS

* herein described, are, besides the Tax assessed on them by the Commissioners (which Tats is as rtihcK

4 as many of them, from their Value, are able to bear), yet charged With, and always liable to be

4 charged with, a Tax by the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of ConferVators of

* the Great Level of the Fens : And whereas it will be for the general Benefit of the draining the said

4 District, that the several and respective Owners and Occupiers of such Adventure Lands should continue

* in the Possession and Cultivation of the said Adventure Lands, and not forfeit or abandon the fame for

4 Nonpayment of either of the said Taxesbe it enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Com-

rmffioners, or any five of them, having once after the patfing of this A<£1 obtained the Consent in Writing

bf Two-thirds of the Creditors, in Value, to whom, or in Trust for whom, ahy Assignme/it has been

already made of the Taxes raised, or to be raised, by virtue of the A& Hereby intended to be rendered more

effedlua), may, and are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, at any of their quarterly Meetings, to

abate or remit so much of the Tax which shall have been assessed on aiTy of the said Adventure Lands an-

nually, by virtue of this or the former Act, as shall appear to them necessary to prevent their being for-

feited and abandoned for Non*payment of Taxes; any Thing herein-before contained tb the contrary

notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided neverthelefr, That they the said Commissioners shall at no Time, in any one Year, abate or

remit more than the Amount of the Tax which now is, or may hereafter be charged on the said Lands for

that Year, by the said Governor* Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of ConferVatots of the

. Great Level of the Fens.

4 XVIII. And whereas many of the Taxes laid on the Fen Lands and Low Grounds granted by the

* former A& are now in Arrear, for want of ftjfficient Powers to enforce the regular Payment thereof;* be

it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons so rated or taxed as aforesaid, shall re-*

fuse or neglect to pay the Rate or Tax charged upon him, her, or them respectively, within the Space of

one Month after the respective Notices of the Times and Places of Payment appointed by the said Com*

missioners shall have been affixed upon the Door of the Parish Church in which such Lands shall lie, signed

by the Collector or Receiver to the said Commissioners for the Time being, every such Person shall forfeit

and pay the further Sum of Two-pence for every Shilling, and so in Proportion for every greater or lesser

Sumy which shall be so in Arrear and unpaid; and it shall be lawful for such Collector or Receiver* or for

any other Person or Persons, by virtue of a Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of three or

more of the Commissioners (which said Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any three or moreof

them, are hereby impowered from Time to Time to make, as Occasion shall require), to levy the Sum or

Sums so assessed, rated, and forfeited, by Distress and Sale of such Goods and Chattels which shall be

found upon all or any of the Grounds and Premises so charged with any such Sum or Sums of Money, if

any Distress can be found thereon ; and in case nb sufficient Distress can be found on the Premises, it shall

and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Receiver, or other Person or Persons, by virtue of such

Warrant or Precept as aforesaid, to levy the Sum or Sums so rated and in Arrear, by Distress and Sale or

any Goodr and Chattels, belonging to such Person or Persons, which shall be- found upon any othe*

Lands or Tenements lying within the Limits above described, and the Goods and Chattels so distrained

to keep by the Space of five Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners thereof; and if such

Owner or Owners shall nor, within the Space of five Days, pay the Sum or Sums so forfeited, assessed, or

rated, that then the Goods and Chattels so distrained shall be appraised by two or more of the Inhabitants

of the Parish where the fame shall be taken, or by any other two or more proper Persons, and be sold by.

the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, for the Payment* of the said Money; and the

Overplus (if any be) arising from such Sale, after the Sum or Sums so forfeited, rated, and assessed, and

thte reasonaWe Charges of taking, keeping, and felling the said Distress, are deducted, shall be returned

Vol. XIII. Part III. D d d to

JuAIce* not t6

act where intc-

rested-

Satisfaction for.

Injury done to

the Ruth

Ground.

Power to relieve

the Proprietors

of A 4 venture

Lands,

Provife,

Persons refilling

to pay Tines,

one Montis

after Notice,

to forfeit Two-

pence for every

Shilling in Ar-

rear,

Taxes and For-

feitures may ha

levied by Difo

treft.

