4*7

A. D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georg 11 III. C. jr.

so the Person or Persons (properly authorised by the Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties

arising by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to inspect the fame, and to receive the Money due

thereon) the Stamp-office Account so delivered to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, faithfully made out*

filled up, signed, and attested, as herern-after directed, and make Payment of all such Sum and Sums of

Money as {ball be due and payable to his Majesty, in pursuance of, and according to the true Intent and

Meaning of this Act; and also truly and faithfully to observe and perform all the Directions, Matters,

and Things herein contained, on his, her, or their Behalf, to be observed and performed; and in case of

the Non-performance or Breach of such Condition, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners,

or the Persons so appointed by them, to cause each and every such Bond to be profeCuted according to

LaW; and in case of Judgment against the Defendant, the said Commissioners may, if they shall think fit,

fefufe to grant to such Person, against whom such Judgment {hall be obtained, any Licences to let Horses

as aforesaid in future.

IX. And bo it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or

other Person, licensed as aforesaid, who {hall let Horses to Hire by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travel-

ling Post, {hall, by themselves or Servants, previous to the using such Horse or Horses, a/k, demand, and

receive, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the Person or Persons hiring

the fame, the Sum of one Penny per Mile, for each Mile such Horse {hall be so hired to travel, at ana

after the Rate or Number of Miles which he, {he, or they {hall charge such Traveller or Travellers for

the Stage or Distance such Horse may be hired to go; and shall, at the fame Time he or she receives Pay-

ment of the Duty for such Horse or Horses, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Person or Persons

hiring such Horse or Horses, one or more of the Stamp-office Tickets herein-before mentioned, as Occa-

lion shall require, and to which such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, {hall add, of cause to be

added, in Words or Figures, the Month and Day of the Month, and the Number of Miles for which

such Horse or Horses are so hired: And if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, {hall neglect to

a{k, demand, and receive, the said Duty of one Penny per Mile from such Person or Persons hiring such

Horse or Horses, or {hall neglect or refuse to deliver such Ticket or Tickets, as herein-before directed, to

such Person or Persons so hiring the Horses as aforesaid, such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, {hall,

for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; and moreover, in case of not receiving

the said Rate or Duty, be chargeable therewith to his Majesty, his Heirs and SuCCeffors, in the fame Man-

ner as if he, {he, or they had aQually received the fame.

X. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every Traveller or Travellers,

to whom such Ticket {hall be delivered as aforesaid, who shall pass through any Turnpike, shall, at the

*first Turnpike through which he, {he, or they {hall pass, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Toll-gate

Keeper there, the Ticket or Tickets so given to him, her, or them, at the Place where he, {he, or they

hired such Horse or Horses, which the said Toll-gatherer is hereby dire£ed to receive and file; and if any

Traveller or Travellers so going Post as aforesaid, shall have neglected to take such Ticket or Tickets, or

{hall not deliver, or cause the fame to be delivered, he, (he, or they shall, before such Horfts be per-

mitted to pass such Toll-gate, pay for every Horse hired and used by such Travellers or Traveller, the Sum

of one Shilling and Sixpence, which the Gate-keeper is hereby author ifed to afic and demand, and not per-

mit such Horses to pass till he, (he, or they {hall have paid the fame, or produce such Ticket or Tickets as

aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Postmaster, Innkeeper,

or other Person licensed as aforesaid, who shall let to Hire any Horse or Horses by the Day, or less Period

of Time, as aforesaid, shall, by themselves or Servants, previous to such Horse or Horses being used, ask,

demand, and receive, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the Person or

Persons hiring the fame, the Sum of one Penny per Mile for each Mile such Horse or Horses shall be so

hired to go, where the Distance shall be then ascertained, and where the Distance shall not be then af-

certarned, then the Sum of Twelve-pence for each Horse so hired, previous to such Horse or Horses being

used; and shall, at the fame Time, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Person so hiring such Horse

tjlr Horses, one or more of the Stamp-office Tickets herein-before mentioned, with the Words For a Day

iftfefted therfcort, as Occafron shall require, and to which any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person,

ihalladd, or cause to be added, in Words or Figures, the Month, and Day of the Month; and in case

fych Horse or Horses shall be hired to return the same Day»with the fame Carriage, and any Person or

Persons therein by or for whom such Horse or Horses are so hired, then the Words To return; and if any

Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall neglect to afic, demand, and receive the said Duty of one

Penny per Mile, or Twelve-pence, as the Cafe may happen to be, from such Person or Persons hiring such

Horse or Horses, or neglect or refuse to deliver such Ticket or Tickets, such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or

other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, and moreover, in case

of not receiving the said Rate or Duty, be chargeable therewith to his Majesty, hi? Heirs and SdccelTors,

in the same Manner as if he, (he, or they had actually received the fame.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Postmaster, Innkeeper,

or other Person so licensed to let Horses as aforesaid* shall insertin the Account herein-before specified so

delivered to him, her, or them, from the Stamp-office, the Number of Horses used in travelling Post,

and the Number of Miles for which such Horses shall have been so used, also the Number of Horses let to

Hire for a Day, or any less Period of Time, and the Day of the Month on which the fame were used,

together with the Names of the PoftiH ions or Drivers employed; which said Account shall be signed by

such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person so licensed as aforesaid, and witnessed by the Hostier or other

Servant employed in preparing and getting ready such Horses, and shall be open, when required*, to the

Inspection of any Person or persons duly authorised, under the Hands and Seals of the said Commis-

' sioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to inspedt the fame;

and

Postmaster*, See,

letting oatHorset

to travel Post,

shall receive, for

the Use of hit

Majesty, of the

Persons hiring

the fame, it

for every Mile

each Horse if to

travel;

and shall deliver

to them Stamp-

office Tickers

properly filled

up*

Penalty on Ne-

gte$ thereof*

Travellers to de-

liver their Tic*

kets at the first

Turnpike they

/hall pass

through.

Penalty on Ne-

%ua.

Postmaster*,

letting out Horses

to travel by the

Day, &c, shall

receive, for the

Use of hii Ma-

jesty, of the

Persons hiring

them, id. for

every Mile each

Horse is to tra-

vel ; or i s. for

each Horse.

where the Dif-

tance shall notbt

ascertained;

and ft all deliver

to them Stamp-

office Tickets

properly filled up.

Penalty on Post-

master, Ac. for

Neglect.

Enumeration of

Particular, to be

infrrieJ, by Post-

roafters, Sec. in

the Account to

be delivrred

them from the

Stamp-office*

