78

■rti to be deem-

ed good Evi-

dence

# A iter such Ver-

dins, Fee the

i Ol|*l, D t C%

tod L-indr t • b*»

purchaicd, veud

in th' M !y.,r

and Cit.zti-.s.

Court of Al.Vr-

n'en m ?y invert

Hu ch afe- mo-

Pr y ill the Fund*

on Coceinment

Secunty, dec.

Persons int:t!ed

to the Profits of

t* e Premifc',

m iy rtcover In-

terest by Arlion

of i-ebt, &c.

Feme-covert

f'-ifed in Fee-

simple, Sec. to

have her Pur-

chafe-money

paid to win m

she shall nomi-

nate.

How Porch afe-

ironey, in re - '

tain Cafef, (hill

be dispofvd of.

Bargains and

Sales to have

the Force of

Finis or Rc-

tovciics.

C. 18. Anno decimo feptimo Georg it III. A.D. 1777

he deemed tind taken to be Records, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the fame, or true Copies

the.eof, {hall be deemed and taken {0 be good and effectual Evidence and Proof, in any Court or Courts

of Law or Equity whatsoever; and all Persons shall and may have Recourle to the fame gratis, and take

Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding two hundred Words, Sixpence, and to proportion-

abiy for any greater or lesser Number of Words : And immediately alter such Verdicts, Judgments, Sen-

tences, Decrees, Orders, and other Proceedings of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Justices

a fore fa id rcfp< ctively, and Juries* and of such Receipt or Receipts of the said Cashier or Cashiers as

a'orefaid, all the Efface, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust:, Property, Claim and Demand, in Law and

Equity, of the Ptrlon or Persons for whose Ufc such Money {ball be paid, in, to, and out of the said

Tolls, Duties, Linds and Grounds to be purchased as aforesaid, shall veil in the said Mayor and Com-

monalty, and Citizens, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Polfeftion thereof, to all

Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually, as if every Person, having any Estate in the

Piemifes, had actually conveyed the fame by Lease and Releale, Bargain and Sale inrolled. Grant, Feoff-

ment with Livery and Seisin, Fine and Recovery, or any other legal Conveyance whatsoever; and such

Pay men: s shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand, of the Person or Persons to

wlmfe Use such Payments were made, but also shall extend 10, and be deemed and conrtrued to bar the

Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail, in Pof-

ftftion. Revetfmn, or Remainder, and all Rights and Titles, in respe& of any such Estate Tail, against

the I due and I flues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as effectually asa

^ ine or Recovery would do, if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

V. Provided always. That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, after

such Payment into the Bank, and Entry of the Receipt aforesaid, at the Petition of any Person or Persons

in Possession of such Foils, Duties, Lands or Grounds, to place out or invest, onto cause to be placed out

or inverted, such Sum or bums of Money, or any Part thereof, in some of the Public Funds, or on Go-

vernment Security, at Interest, in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons authorised and appointed

by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen for that Purpose, in Trust, to transfer and assign the fame to

the Person or Persons to whom the Premises belong, on their executing proper Conveyances thereof;

.and in the mean time in Trust, to pay the Interest and Dividends anling therefrom to such Person

or Persons as was or were in Possession of the said Premises, at the Time of the said Payment into the

Bank.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled. That all and every Person or Persons who would be

intitled to recover the Mesne Profits of the Premises, against the Person or Persons in Possession, in case:

the fame had not been fa conveyed to or veiled in the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, as>

aforesaid, ft)all be intitled to recover the Sum or Sums to arise from such Interests and Dividends as afore-

said, by Action of Debt, or otherwise, against the Person or Persons who shall receive the same ; and the

said Court of Mayor and Aldermen are hereby impowered and authorised to make such Order as aforesaid

on the Bank, for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, as shall be necefl’ary,

in order to the fame being so inverted in public Securities : And the said Mayor and Commonalty, and

Citizens, shall be quieted in the Possession of the Premises, for which such Money shall be so paid as

aforesaid, and shall not be answerable or accountable, in any Court of Law or Equity, for the Money so

deposited and placed out as aforesaid, any othe/wife than according to the Purport and true Meaning of

this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted. That in case any Feme-covert is or shall be feifedv in Fee Ample, or in

Tail, general or special, of any such Tolls, Duties, Lands or Grounds, so to be purchased as aforesaid,

by the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, or of any Interest in the fame, to her separate Use,*

.free from the Controul or Intermeddling of her Husband, the Purchase-money, arising from the Sale of

such Estate or Interest of such Feme-covert, on the Conveyance of such Estate or interest to the said i

Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, shall be paid either to the Husband of such Feme-covert, at"her

Request, or to such Person or Persons as (he shall, by Writing under her Hand, nominate to receive the

fame, in Trust, to be re-invested in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled for

such Use, Estate, and Interest, as the said Feme-covert had in the Premises so purchased by the said Mayor'

and Commonalty, and Citizens.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the principal Money arising from the.

Sale of any Tolls, Duties, Lands or Grounds, which shall be purchased for any of the Purposes of this

Act, of or from any Body Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust,

Guardians. Committees, or other Trustees, or from any Feme-covert, shall be paid to such Persons as

they shall reflectively nominate to receive the same, in Trust, with all convenient Speed then afterwards*

to be re-invested in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and set-

tled to and upon, and subject to the like Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies, as

the Tolls, Duties, Lands and Grounds, which shall be purchased from them respectively, by the faid•

Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, as aforesaid, were respectively settled, limited, or assured, at the

Time of such purchasing of the fame, or so many thereof as at the Time of making such Conveyances

and Settlements shall be existing and capable of taking Effect.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Conveyance of any such Estate or

Interest, of any Feme-covert, to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, or any Person or Per-

fons in Trust for them, by Bargain and Sale, acknowledged by such Feme-covert, and inrolled in the'

Court of Hustings of the said City, according to the Custom of the said City, within six Calendar Months

after ti e making thereof, shall as effcSuslly and absolutely convey the Estate and Interest of such Feme-

covert in the Prtmifes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do, if levied or

suffered thereof, in due Form of Law* And further, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever, to be made

of

