374

Penalty on Oc-

cupiers of Low*

Lands who £ball

neglect to open

Watercoiufe*, .

and repair

Cloughs and

Tunnels.

Tbc Tenure of

Lands not to be

altered by any

Forfeiture in-

clined by this

Art.

Works done by

virtue of this

AO not to be

subjeO to Com-

imflioneri of

Sewers.

In case the new

Channel be made

through Mr.

Formby*s Lands,

the Commission-

ers Dull esufe a

Carriage Bridge

to be made in

his Lands, and

L ch other

Bridges as they

stall think pro*

per.

EleOion of new

Commissionert.

Perfbos interest-

cd in the Lands

incapable of

being Commis-

fi oners.

No Bufineft va-

lid unless done

at Meetings.

Cofntrnffioners

becoming iate-

rcfled incapable

ef aOing.

C. 33.' Anno dedmo nono GBORGii III. A.D. 1779.

Commissiotfers, or itty three ormore of rtwm; ftnU from Time to Time think proper or necefliry for the ’

Prfcforvation ad WeiLofthcOourfe of the' said oW Channel, as of theCourfe of the'bid new Channel

when made, or any of the said Inlets or Outlets of Water thereto or therefrom.

* XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Occupier or Occupiers

of any of the said Low Lands shall at any Time or Times refuse or neglect well and sufficiently to widen,

deepen, scour* or cleanse, his, her, or their Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, or to put into good and

sufficient Repair, Order, and Condition, his, her, or their Cloughs and Tunnels, in or upon any of the

said Low Lands, after ten Days Notice given to him, her, or them, for any of those Purposes, by any

Officer appointed by any two or more of the said Commissioners 5 then and so often' it shall be lawful for

the fold Commissioners, or any two or more of them, to employ some Person or Persons, well and suffi-

ciently to widen, deepen, scour, or cleanse, such Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, or any of them* and

to put into good and sufficient Repair, Order, and Condition, such Cloughs and Tunnels, or any of them,

and by Warrant or Precept under their Hands and Seals (which Warrant or Precept the said Commission-

ers, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required from Time to Time to make and

grant, as Occasion shall require) to levy the usual or reasonable Charges and Expences of such widening,

deepening, scouring, or cleansing, of such Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, and of putting into such-

Repair, Order, and Condition, such Cloughs and Tunnels respeAively, by Distress and Sale of the

Goods, Chattels, or Cattle, of such Occupier or Occupiers so refuting or neglecting, which shall be found

upon any Part of the said Low Lands occupied by him, her, or them respeAively, in the same Manner as

the said Rates and Taxes are herein-before directed to be levied, together with the Charges of making,

keeping, and felling such Distress, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Occupier or Occupiers respec-

tively (after all Charges paid) upon reasonable Demand.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared. That nothing in this Act contained

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to defeat, alter, 6r change the Nature or Tenure of the said Lo*

Lands, or any of them, by reason of the Nonpayment of Taxes, or on any other Account mentioned m

this Act; but the fame shall remain, continue, and be under theTeveral Tenures they were holdca

before the passing of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in anywise notwith-

standing.

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Grid new Channel,

and the Cuts, Drains, Dams, Banks, Cloughs, Tunnels, Bridges, Flood-gates, Engines, Locks, Weirs,*

and ocher Works, made and to be made, and altered, in, upon, and about the said Low Lands, and the

said River, Rivulets, Brooks, or Streams, by virtue of this Act, shall not be subject to the ControuL, Di—

redion. Survey, or Order of any Commission of Sewers, or Law or Statute relating to Sewers ; and that

the Power of the Commission of Sewers shall not extend or be deemed to extend to any of the Premifo*;

comprised in this Act, any Law or Statute to the contrary hereof notwithstanding

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said new Channel shall be

made as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and are hereby required

to cause to be made a good and substantial Carriage Bridge ov« the said aenr Channel, at such Place

within the Estate of the said Richard Formby, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them,*

shall think most convenient and proper; and shall aflfo make such other Bridge or Bridges over the said

River Ait, and also over the said new Channel, as to them shall appear necessary ; and the said Commit*'

sioners, or any three or more of them, shall from Time to Time maintain and support the said Carriage

Bridge, and such other Bridge or Bridges as aforesaid; and the Expence of building, making, maintaining

and supporting the said Bridge or Bridges, shall be defrayed out of any Money to be raised or received by

virtue of this A#.

4 XLII. And, for continuing a sufficient Number of Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution

be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death, Retignation, or Refu(al to aA, of

any of the Commissioners herein-before named, or to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned,

(such Retignation or Refusal to be tignified in Writing to the Clerk to the said Commissioners), or of their

or any of their becoming incapable to aA as herein-after is mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and

for the surviving Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at a Meeting to be held as afore-

said, to chuse, from Time to Time, a proper Person, not interested in the said Low Lands, to be a Com-

missioner in the Place of each Commissioner who shall die, or r^sign, or refuse to aA, or become inca-

pable of aAing as aforesaid; and every such new Commissioner so to be from Time to Time chosen as

aforesaid, shall have the like Power and Authority to aA, in all Things relating to the Execution of this

A A, as the Commissioners before named are by this A A invested with ; and every Aich EleAion of a new

Commissioner shall be from Time to Time entered in the Book or Books of the Proceedings of the said

Commissioners in Execution of this Act.

XLIII. Provided always, That no Person or Persons interested in the said Low Lands, or any of them,

shall be enabled to meet, fit, or a A as" a Commissioner or Commissioners for any of the Purposes herein*

befote mentioned, or to eleA any new Commissioner or Commissioners in the Room of other oC others, or

to put any of the Powers or Authorities of this Act in Execution ; and that no Order, Adjudication, or

Determination, made by any of the Commissioners, shall be binding, unless the fame shall be made at

their first General Meeting, or at some or one of their General Meetings, or Meetings by Adjournment^

to be held in pursuance of this Act, or in consequence of or by Order at.such Meetings or Meeting re*

fpcAively. < t

XLIV.^ Provided also, That in case any Person or Persons appomtedyor to be appointed a Commissioner

or Commissioners in or by virtue of this Act, shall at any Time after tiich Appointment become seised or

possessed of any of the said Low Lands by Descent or Purchase, or otherwise interested therein, such Person.

and Persons shall immediately after his or their becoming so foiled, possessed, or intetefted, be incapable

of

