A. D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. C. 41, 42. 563

4 Act is contrary to the Usage of Parliament, with respect to Grants for other Public Services, which is

4 by Sums voted annually founded upon proper Estimates : May it therefore please your Majesty that it

4 may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, Part of the rt-

and by the Authority of the same. That so much of the said recited Act as prescribes the Method of *jted Aa repeal*

issuing Monies for the Purposes therein mentioned, shall be and is hereby repealed. ed#

CAP. XLI.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An

-At1 for rendering the Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent Debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regu-

lating the Diligence of the Law by Arrestment and Poinding, and for extending the Privilege of Bills to Pro-

miffbry Notes, and for limiting Actions upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland. [Further continued till May 15, 1782.J

e A P. XLII.

JAh Act for granting to his Majesty * federal additional Duties upon certain Goods imported

[ into the IJleof Man ; and for better regulating the Trade and securing the Revenues of

the said Island.

: Most Gracious Sovereign,

w E,_your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjqfts, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament Preamble*

assembled, for further Provision towards defraying the Expences of Government of the Isle of

? IWatty.and better raising and securing a. Revenue for that Purpose* have resolved to give and grant to your

f Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties hereinafter mentioned ; and do therefore most humbly

4 beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the famcj, .That, from and after the fifth Day

of July, one thousand seven hundred and .eighty,. there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto

Lis Majesty, his H?ir* and Successors, the following Disties j jfojr and upon the Goods and Merchandises

Serein-after mentioned, which shall be brought or imported into the Isle of Man ; that is to say,

, i ’ r.-'<•* . 1 . - • I

For every Gallon of Rum, the Produce of the British Plantations, imported from that Part of Great

Britain called England\ a further additional Duty of six Pence, over and above all other Duties now charged

thereon:

^ , , ; f imported from

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco imported from England, an additional Duty of one Penny:

, For and upon aftHemp, Iron, Deal Boards, and Timber, imported from foreign Parts, an additional

Duty of five Pounds per Centum ad Valorem:

. For every Ton of French Wine imported, an additional Duty of four Pounds:

For every Ton of all other Sorts of Wine imported, an additional Duty of two Pounds; and after these

Rates so* any greater or less Quantity of such Wine.

After July 5,

1780, the fol- r

lowing addition*

al Duties to be

paid on Importa-

tion into the Iflr

of Man$ viz*

For every Gal-

lon of Rum the

Produce of Bri-

tish Plantations*

England, 6 d.

For every Pound

of Tobacco so

imported, id.;

Hemp, Iron, See.

from foreign

Psrts, 5 pet Cento-

ad valorem j

French Wine

4I. per Ton j

and all other

Wine, al.

% II. And whereas by an Act of Parliament* made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Ma- Recital of

4 jesty, intituled* An Atl for encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man 5 and 7 Geo.Iff,

* for the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain Quantity of IVkeat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and ^*45*

4 Flour, author tjed^ by an Act made in this ScJTion of Parliament, to be transported to the said Island, the Ex-

4 porter from this Kingdom into the Isle of Man of such Goods, and in such Manner as therein mentioned,

4 was thereupon intitled to receive the same Drawbacks, under the fame Regulations in all Respects, as

4 were then allowed and prescribed for such Goods respectively when exported from Great Britain to Ire-

4 land* And whereas* since the passing of the said recited Act, the Drawback, which was at that Time

4*allowed 1 upon the Exportation of Tea from Great Britain to Ireland, has ceased and determined, and

4 another Drawback upon Tea so exported has been since allowed by a subsequent Act of Parliament,

4 which is now in Force;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, from and After July

after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, the several Duties granted and >7*°» theDutieo

payable to his Majesty, in and by the said recited Act, for and upon every Pound Weight of Bobea Tea, ®®T«tndC©f*

Green Tea, and Coffee* imported from England into the said Isle of Man, shall cease, determine, and be from^ghnd,

no longer paid or payable; any Thing in the fcid Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: granted by the

And that in Lieu of the said Duties by this Act repealed as aforesaid, there shall be raised, levied, col* recited Act:, to

lested, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the following Duties for and upon the Goods

and Merchandises herein-after mentioned, which shall be brought or imported into the said Isle of Man

that is to lay.

Tot

