A. D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii IN.

C. 25.

355

Public

and to all and every other Person and Persons, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and

Assigns, all such lawful Rights, Powers, Jurisdictions, and Authorities, now veiled in, and enjoyed by,

them respectively, as are not hereby taken away, repealed, or altered.

XIII. And be it further enacted and declared. That this Act shall be deemed and allowed, in all Courts

within this Kingdom, and upon all Occasions whatsoever, to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken

Notice of as such by all Courts, Judges, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several

. Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise

in Great Britain.

MoJ\ Gracious Sovereign,

* TT7E your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain^ in Parliament Preamble,

* VV assembled, towards raising, by the most easy Means, the necessary Supplies to defray your Ma-

* jesty’s public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the fe-

* veral Subsidies and Duties herein-after mentioned •/ and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may

be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth Day of April) one thousand seven hundred and

feveoty-nine, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs

and Successors, an additional Impost or Duty, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum upon the Produce

and Amount of all the several Subsidies, Imports, and other Duties, of what Kind or Nature soever they

Vnay be, which are now due and payable to his Majesty, and are collected in this Kingdom under the

Management and Direction of the respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain, for and upon

any Goods and Merchandises imported into, or exported from, or carried coastwise in, Great Britain

which said additional Impost or Duty shall be charged and paid upon the Amount of the said former Sub-

fidies, Imports, and other Duties, after the usual Discounts and other Allowances have been made and

deducted therefrom, and shall be wholly repaid and drawn back upon Exportation of the Goods, under the

same Rules, Regulations, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and in the same Manner and Form in all

Refpcfts as the present Duties of Customs are now charged, collected, paid, and drawn back, except a*

herein-after is provided.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Impost

or Duty herein-before granted, shall not be charged and paid for or On Account of any Prize Goods ware-

housed in this Kingdom pursuant to two several Acts of Parliament,- the one made in the eighteenth Year

of his Majesty’s Reign, and the other in this present Session, for granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes

with respect to bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom \ nor for any other Goods

which by any Act of Parliament now in Force are permitted to be warehoused in this Kingdom for Ex-

portation, unless, and until, such Goods {hall be taken out of any Warehouse wherein they are so secured,

to be consumed or used in this Kingdom ; and that the said additional Impost or Duty shall not be drawn

back or repaid upon the Exportation of any Goods; in any Cafe where no Drawback, is allowed

by Law.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said fifth Day of

Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, there shall be charged, levied, collected,. and paid,

to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds

per Centum, upon the Produce and Amount of all the several Inland Duties, Rates,. Impolkions* and

Charges (except as herein-after is excepted), now payable to his Majesty, and which are charged and col-

lected under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland; which

said additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum hereby imposed, (half and may, from Time to

Time, be charged, raised, received, levied, recovered, and secured, by such Ways and Means, and under

such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures,

and subject to such Allowances, Drawbacks, Rules, and Directions, as the several and respective Inland

Duties, Rates, Impohtions, and Charges, on the Produce and Amount of which the said additional Duty

and Charge is heieby imposed, are or can, by any Statute now in Force, be respectively charged, raised,.

received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, mitigated, or drawn back, as fully and effectually, to all In-

tents and Purposes, as if all and every ihe several respective Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Re-

gulations, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers of Mitigation, Claufts, Matters*.and Things, were*

particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge, with the said additional Duty or Charge of

five Pounds per Centum, the Produce or Amount of the Duty on Malt, Mum, Cyder, or Perry, continued

and granted to his Majesty in and by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled. An AZl

Jor continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Murnt Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of

the Year one thousand /even hundred and Jew enty-nine; nor upon the Produce or Amount of the Duties arising

from and payable for any Beer, Snpe, Tallow Candles, or Hides, brewed, made, tanned, tawed* of

drefltd* within Great Britain; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithrtandfng.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of

Aprils one thousand feveahundred and seventy.-nine, there shall be charged* raised* levied, collected; and

S ‘ paid*

From April

1779, *n addi-

tional Dutyr

after the Rate

of 5 per Cent, of

the former Du-

t;«, laid on all

GooJs imported

into, exported

from, or carried.

Coastvt>ire in,

Great Britain*

Prize Good?

warehoused,

not liable to* the

aforesaid Duty*.

Ah 4d£ti<mar

Duty on all er—

cifeable Goods

(except as after

excepted), after

the Rate of 5 per-

cent. of the for-

mer ^Duties*.

This AflnoetW’

tffe& the Dtotiew

granted by the

Malt A A of tbi#.

Session, nor

those o» Beer*,

Sope, Tallow

Candles, anti

Hides, made,.

Sec. in Great:

Britain.

An additional?

Duty an Mole

