The TITLES of the STATUTES.

9* An Act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and BurgefJes,

of the Town of Great Torrington, in the County of De-

von, and other Trustees, to grant Part of the Common

or Wade Lands called Great Torrington Common, to IP'il-

Ham Gallon, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose,

and ether the Purposes therein mentioned.

io. An Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Waste or

Common, called Wejhrgate Common, in the Parish of

Aldingborne, in the County of Sufjex.

it. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds,

within the Lordship or Liberty and Parish of Hatherne,

in the County of Leicester.

12. An A & for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and

Meadows within the Parish of Shepjhead, in the County

of Leicester, and the Common Ground lying within the

Ring Fence of the fame Fields, and adjoining thereto,

within the same Parish; and also several Closes or Par-

eels of Land and Ground* called The Cam and Michael-

mas Grounds, within the said Parish.

13- An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Com-

mon Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and

Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Holcot,

in the County of Northampton.

14 An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Waste Grounds within the Manor -and Lordship of

King’s Meabum, in the Parish of Moreland, in the Coun-

ty of Weslmorland.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of

Common or Waste Ground, lying in the Villages of

Florncliff and Hornclijf Lone End, in the Parish of Nor-

ham, in the County of Durham.

lfr. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons or

Waste Grounds, Open Common Fields, undivided In-

closures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Ma-

nor and Parish of Thor nor, in the Weft Riding of the

County of York.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors, Com-

mons, or Waste Grounds, within the Township of

Rednal, in the Parish of Weft Felton, in the County of

Salop*

18. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands,

and Commons, within the Parish of Tempsford, in the

County of Bedford.

19. An Act to enable John Eames, a Minor, and his Issue,

to take and use the Surname of Waight, pursuant to the

Will of John Waight Esquire, deceased.

ac. An Act for naturalizing George William Soltau, Ger-

hard Berck, Henry Albrecht Hammelburg, and Gunter

Henry Groger.

21. An Act for naturalizing Ernejl Bernard Banning.

22* An Act for naturalizing John Gentlivres.

23. An Act for naturalizing Marcellin Perncud.

24. An Act for naturalizing William Aguiton.

25. An Act for natuializing Villem Vlught.

23. An Act for naturalizing Horace Cattaneo and Francis

Gaudot.

27. An Act for veiling certain Estates of Robert Ladbroke

Esquire, in the City of London, and Counties of Middle-

sex* Northampton, Berks, and Warwick, in Trustees, to

be fold ; and for laying out the Monies to arise thereby

in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and Heredita-

ments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled

Estates now Hand limited.

28. An Act to discharge certain Copyhold Premises, in the

Panlh of Heston, in the County of Middlesex, from the

Uses and Trutls thereof, declared by the Will of Mary

Wotton deceased; and to subject and charge the fame

Copyhold Premises, and also certain Freehold Lands

lying contiguous thereto, within the said Parish, with

the Payment of a perpetual yearly Rent Charge of

twelve Pounds to the Reverend John Gibson Cleik, and

his Succefl'ors, Vicars of the said Parish, for the Use of

the Poor of the fame Patifli; and for settling and allur-

ing the fame Premises so charged, in the Trustees of

Rupert Clarke Esquire, upon the Trusts therein men-

tioned.

29. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Ro-

bert Grimflon Esquire, at Thwing arid Ofton, in the Pa-

rish ofThwing upon the Woulds, in the East Riding of the

County of York, in the said Robert Grimflon, in Fce-

simple; and for settling an Estate of the said Robert

Grimflon, in the Township of Nefwick, in the Parish of

Bainton, in the said East Riding of the County of York,

of greater Value in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and other uninclosed Grounds, within

the Township of Tun flail in Holder nefs, in the East Rid-

ing of the County of York.

31. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in

the Parish of Syflon, in the County of Leicester, and fe-

veral Parcels of uninclosed Land, in the Parish of Bark by,

in the said County of Leicester, lying within the Ring of

the said Fields.

32. An Act for dividing and allotting the several Open and

Common Fields, Pastures, and other uninclosed Grounds,

within the Township of Boynton, in the East Riding of

the County of York.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common Moor,

or Trad of Waste Ground, called Lees Fell, otherwise

Morralee, and Struther's Common, and Hagbank, within

the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of

Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable

Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Pa-

rish of Compton Bishop, commonly called or known by

the Name of Cross Moor alias Charles Moor, in the Coun-

ty of Somerset.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com*

mon Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other

Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Swin-

Jlead, and County of Lincoln.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields* Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and Com-

monable Places, in the Parish of Duntijborne Abbotts, in

the County of Gloucester.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Lmds, and Grounds, within the Parish of Kirnington

otherwise Kirmington, in the County of Lincoln

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons

and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Shirland, in

the County of Derby.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons

and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Stretton, in the

Parirties of Northwingfield and Morton, in the County of

Derby.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, and Grounds, in the Parish of Winthorpe, in

the County of Nottingham.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain

Commons or Waste Lands, lying in the Parish of Hunt-

spill, in the County of Somerset; and also certain Moors,

called Land Aloor otherwise Cote Moor and Gold Correr,

lying in or near the said Parish of IiuntfpiU and Coffing-

ton, in the said County.

42. An Act for dividing* inclosing, and improving Walling-

fen, in the East Riding of the County of York.

43- An

