A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. C. 52. , 259

such Debts or Contract (if there be any such), and shall also make Oath and swear to the Effc& follow-

ing; (that is to say)

4 T A. B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, protest, and de- Prisoner*! Oath

4 A dare. That on the twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and (eventy-eight, I ^,lhT*J1?810

4 was a Prisoner, or else [as the Cafe may be] that since the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thou- ” 5c

4 sand seven hundred and seventy-eight, I have surrendered, or have been committed to the Prison of

in Discharge of my Bail, or for Want of Bail [as the Cafe shall be]; and that I

4 was actually arrested, and in the Custody of an Officer, before the said twenty-eighth Day o{January^

4 one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, in the Ailion or Suit, Actions or Suits, inwhichlfur-

4 rendered, or was committed as aforesaid, to the said Gaol or Prison of and that I

4 have, ever since my said Surrender or Commitment, continued a Prisoner within the Prison of

in the actual Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the said Prison of or within the Liber-

4 ties thereof, at the Suit of and without any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever 5 and

that the Schedule now delivered by me, and subscribed, doth contain, to the belt of my Knowledge, Re-

4 membrance, and Belief, a full, just, true, and perfect Account and Discovery of all the Goods, Effeils,

and Estates, real and personal, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, which I, or

4 any Person in Trust for me, or for my Benefit or Advantage, are seised or possessed of, interested in, or

4 intitled to, or was or were in my Possession at any Time since my Commitment to Prison; and of all-

4 Debts as are to mi owing, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me; and of all the Securities and

4 Contrails whereby any Money now is, or will of may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or Ad*

4 vantage may accrue to me, or to my life, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me; and the Names'

and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing; and of the Wit*

4 nefles that can prove such Debts or Contrails [if any such there be]; and that neither I, nor any other

4 Person or Persons in Trust for me, or for my Use, have any Lands, Money, Stock, or any Estate real-

4 or personal, in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, or Expeitancy, other than what are in the said

4 Schedule contained, except Wearing Apparel, and Bedding for myself and Family, Working Tools, and>

4 necessary Implements for my Occupation and Calling, together with a Sum of Money not exceeding

4 forty Shillings, and these in the Whole not exceeding the Value of twenty Pounds; and that I have not,

4 nor any Body for me hath, directly or indirectly, fold, lessened, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in

4 Trust, or concealed, all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stock, Debts, Securities,.

4 Contrails, or Estate, real or personal, whereby to secure the fame, or to receive or expect any Profit 01

4 Advantage thereof, or with Intent to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors to whom I am or was

4 indebted in anywise howsoever.

4 So help- mo GO D/

And the said Schedule and Oath shall be, by every such Prisoner, subscribed in the Presence of the Tuftices

in open Session of the Peace, as hereby is directed, and shall be kept by, and remain with, the Clerk of

the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officerailing as Clerk of the Peace, for the County, City, Liberty,

Division, Town, or Place, where the fame shall be subscribed and taken, for the better Information of all

the Creditors of such Prisoner who shall desire, or may have Occasion, ta resort thereto; and every such

Creditor shall be at Liberty, at feasonable Times in the Day-time, to peruse and examine the fame.

XIII. And be it further enailed. That the Justices within their respective Jurisdictions, at any such

General Quarter Session, or General Session, or Adjournment thereof, at the Request of any Creditor or

Creditors of any such Prisoner, arc hereby authorised to cause the Deputy Warden and Marftial of the Fleet

and Kings Bench Prison, and any other Under Officer, Tipstaff, and Turnkey of any Gaol or Prison, and

any other Person, to come before them, and to examine them respeilively on Oath, touching any of thfc

Matters contained in any of the Oaths prescribed by this Act to be taken, and the Truth thereof? and if

the Oath which shall have been taken in open Court by any Prisoner or Prisoners shall not be disapproved

by good Testimony of any credible Person or Persons on Oath, and such Justices, or the major Part of

them, present at any such General Quarter Session, or General Session, shall be satisfied with the Truth

of the Oath taken by any such respective Prisoner, Then such Tuftices shall, in such Session, or some Ad-

journment thereof, command the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers* or Keeper of such Prison or

Prisons,. forthwith to set at Liberty such Prisoner or Prisoners, without having or taking any Fee or Re-

ward, other thin one Shilling for his or their Attendance with ev.vy such Prisoner at such General Quarter

Session, or General Session, or any Adjournment thereof, in order for his, her, or their Discharge; (and

which every such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers of such Prison or Prisons, is

and are hereby authorised to receive and take for every such Order :) And every such Order shall be a suffi-

cient Discharge to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of such Prison or Prisons,s and shall

indemnify him or them against any Escape or Escapes, or Action or ASions whatsoever for Escape, which

shall or may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, against him or them,

XIV. And be it further cnailed by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest,

and Trust, offoeh Prisoner, of in, and unto, all the real Estate, as-well Freehold and Copy as Customa-

ryhold, and to all the personal Estate, Debt9, and Effeils, of every such Prisoner, shall, immediately after

the Discharge of any such Prisoner, be, and the fame is hereby vetted in the Clerk of the Peace, Town

Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace, of and for the County, Riding, City, Town Corpo-

rate, Division, Liberty, or Place, where any such Prisoner shall be respeilively discharged; and every

such Clerk of the Pcac^, Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby diiecfledand

xccyiircckto make an Alignment and Conveyance of every fuchPxifoner’s Estate and Effeils, vested in such

Clcik

Schedule «od‘

Oath to be fub—

fieri bed in the

Court, and

lodged with the-

Clerk for the

Examination of

Creditor*.

Court, at the

Retueftof a

Cred for, may

examine Gaoler*.

Ac. on Oath.

The Prisoner*

Oath out being,

disproved, the

Court is to difa

charge him.

on his paying

Fee of 1 a, to

the Gaoler$.

who shall be in*

damnified for

the Escape*

Eflete and Ef*-

felts of the

Prisoner, upofe

his Di.'charge, to-

beve&d in the

Clerk of The

Pra^e,

v.*bo is ro make

ever the fame to-

the Assignees

named by the

Court; ,

9'

