A. D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C. 11,12. 327

* a Soldier or a Seaman, and brought before one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace

4 in and for the said County, by the said C D. to be examined; and the said A. B. being adjudged by me

4 to be within the Description of the said Act, him safely keep in your Custody till he shall be conveyed

4 before the said Commissioners for executing the said Act, at their next Meeting, or until he shall be

< thence discharged by due Cpurfe of Law; and for fp dping this shall be your sufficient Warrant.

4 Given under my Hapd and S?al, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

V. Form of a Warrant to fecuye Men imprejfcd.

'to wit ^egPer 2f Me Gaol (or House of Correction) at in the said

w $ County. L

4 'J'HESE are, in his Majesty’s Name, to charge and command you to receive and safely keep in your

c Custody who has (arhave) been raised and levied to serve his Majesty as a Soldier

* (or Soldiers), pursuant to an Act of Padiament made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present

4 Majesty, intituled, [here insert the Title] until he (*rthey) fhdll be delivered from your Custody accord-

* ing to the said Act of Parliament. -

4 Given under my Hand and Seal (or our Hands and Seals), the Day of in the

* Year of our Lord

CAP. XI.

An Act for rendering more beneficial an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George

the Second, intituled, An Act for establishing Agreements, made between Charles Brandling, Esquire, and

other PersonSy Proprietors of Landsyfor laying down a Waggon Way, in order for the better Jitpplying the

Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County fl/'York, with Coals, by enabling the said Charles Brand-

ling to supply, annually, a larger Quantity of Coals to and for the tJfe of the said Town and Neigh*

bourhood; and for regulating the Prices of carrying Coals from the Repository at Cajfon-close.

CAP. XII,

An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County Of Linlithgow and Bathgate.

4 TTrHEREAS the La\ys now in being, for repairing the High Roads and Bridges in that Part of preimblef

4 y V Great Britain called Scotland, by Way of Statute-labour, are found insufficient in the County of

4 Linlithgow and Bathgate: Therefore, and for the better regulating the Repairs of the Roads and Bridges,

4 and of the Statute-labour within the County aforesaid,* may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;

and be it enacted by the King’s prioft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembledj and by the Au-

thority of the fame, That the Heritorstand Life-renters in the County of Linlithgow and Balngate, who Commi/Eoncrii

are at present, or at any Time hereafter shall be possessed as actual Proprietors of Lands therein of one

hundred Pounds Scots Valuation in their own Right, or in Right of their Wives 5 and the eldest Sons of

every Person posseffed of two hundred Pounds Scots9 Valuation as above, being of lawful Age, and the

Chief residing Magistrate of the Royal Borough of Linlithgow, and the Magistrates of the Royal Borough

of £)ueenfcrry, and the Bailie of every Borough of Barony within the said County for the Time being,

shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees and Commissioners for making, re-

pairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Highways, Roads, and Bridges, in their respective

rarifhes within the said County, and for executing all other the Powers by this Act to them given and

granted. '

II. Provided always. That if any Person not qualified in any particular Parish as aforesaid, shall pre- Penally of art*

fume to act as a Trustee, every such Person shall, for each Time he shall so aft, forfeit the Sum of ten ing if not qua*

Pounds Sterling, besides the Expence of Prosecution, to be recovered by Complaint, in a summary Way,

at the Suit of any Commissioner within the said County, before the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter

Sessions, or before the Sheriff Depute of the said County, or his Substitute; which Penalty shall be paid

to the Trustees in the respective Parishes, to be by them applied for repairing the said Roads: And in case

>any such Complaint shall be made, the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Defendant.

4 III. And, for the more easy and effectual Execution of this Act, and of the Powers herein-after Commissioner*

4 grained,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners qualified as aforesaid shall fi^il meet in

meet by themselves, or their Proxies appointed by a Writing under their Hands, at their respective Parish their refyetfive

Churches, upon the first Tuesday of Aprily one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, with Power of Church-

Adjournment; and failing their Meeting on that Day, upon every succeslive Tuesday of that Month; cs*

and failing any such Meeting, upon any Day, previous Notice, by Order of anyone Commissioner in the

Parish, being made by the Reader from his Desk on a Sunday, at least ten Days before the Meeting, with

Power of Adjournment : And the Commissioners of each Parish within the said County shall, at their first makeup

Meeting, or at any adjourned Meeting, and on or before the first Tuesday of Juney one thousand seven

hundred and seventy-nine, make up a List of the Plough-gates of Land, and Subdivisions theieof, and of

the Possessors of the fame, and of all other Persons, Horses, or Cattle, liable to Statute-woik within the

respective Parifttes.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Plough-gate shall be deemed so much whn deemed

I, and as may reasonably be laboured with four Horses, and two Servants, according to the Narure of the Piough-gate.

Boil, but not less than seventy Acres; for ascertaining which the Commissioners may take such Proof as

U u 2 they

