126

Duties arising by

thi? Act to be

paid into the Ex-

chequer separaie

from all others.

Penalties and

Forfeitures how

to be recovered

and applied.

After Aug. i,

1777, a* addi-

tional Stamp-

duty of 1 s. 6 d,

shall be paid for

every Skin of

Parchment, See.

for which 1 s.

is payable by

Act 16 Geo. Ilf.

Additional

Stamp-duties

to be paid after

J“*y SiI777S

Conveyance,

Surrender, dec.

as. did.

Policy of Insure-

ance for above

10001. 5 s.

CopyholdJSur-

render, dec. a B.

3 d-

Surrender of any

Custom-right

Ell ate, not being

Copyhold, 4 s.

6 d.

Surrender of

Lands, dec. to*

Superiors, in

Scotland, 11. 6d.

Retour of Ser-

vice of Heirs,

Ac. is. 6d.

Charter of Re-

signation, &c.

It. 6d.

Original Sa'fine

taken upon any

Mortgage, Scc.

th id#

C. 50. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. *777*

Steward or Agent, Stewards or Agents; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof not*

withstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money arising by the Rates

and Duties respectively chargeable by this Act (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for thd

fame excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westmitifterf

separate and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues, and shall be carried to, and made Part

of, the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures

imposed by this Act, shall be filed for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Me-

thods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of

Excise (not otherwise directed by this Act), or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of

his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that one

Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture (all necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being

fwft deduced), shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them

who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of Au-

gujl, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid,

throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and SucctiTors,

the several Rates and Duties following; that is to say. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment,

or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any In-

denture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed (save and except Policies of Insurance) for which a Stamp-duty of

one Shilling is payable, by virtue of an Act made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, over and above all other Rates and Duties by the said Act, or by any other AS of Parliament im-

posed, an additional Stamp-duty of one Shilling and Sixpence.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day ofjfuly,

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, through-

out the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, th«

Rates and Duties following; (that is to say)

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in-

grofled, written, or printed, any Conveyance, Surrender of Grants or Offices, Release, or other Deed

whatsoever which shall be inrolled of Record in any of the Courts at Westminster^ or in any other Court

of Record whatsoever, or by any Custos Rotulorum, or Clerk of the Peace, over and above the Duty now

payable thereon, an additional Stamp-duty of two Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in-

grofled, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any Policy of Insurance, whereby the Property of one or

more Persons in Houses and Goods, or both, shall be insured to a greater Amount, in the Whole, than one

thousand Pounds, over and above the several Duties by any Acts of Parliament already imposed, an addi-

tional Stamp-duty of five Shillings:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in*

grofled, written, or printed, any Surrender of, or Admittance to, any Copyhold Land or Tenement,

within those Parts of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or any

Grant or Lease, by Copy of Court Roll, or any other Copy of the Court Roll of any Honour or Manor,

within the said Parts of Great Britain (other than and except the original Surrender to the Use of a Will,

and the Court Roll or Books wherein the Proceedings of the Court are entered or inrolled), over and above

the Duty now payable thereon, an additional Stamp-duty of two Shillings and Three-pence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in-

grofled, written, or printed, any Copy of any Surrender of, and Admittance to, any Custom-right or

Tenant-right Estate, not being Copyhold, which shall pass by Surrender and Admittance, or by Admit-

tance only, and which shall not pass by Deed, within those Parts of Great Britain called England, Wales,

and the Town of Berwick upen Tweed, a Stamp-duty of four Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be

ingrossed, written, or printed, any Principal or Original Instrument of Surrender or Resignation of any

Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritable Rights, to be made to any of his Majesty’s Subjects,

who are or shall be Superiors thereof, or to any City, Town, Borough, or Corporation, or to any Ma-

gistrates or others who have Power to receive such Surrenders or Resignarions, in Scotland, over and above

the Duty now payable thereon, an additional Stamp-duty of one Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall fie ;n-

grofled, written, or printed, any Principal or Original Retour of any Service of Hens, or any Piecept of

Clare Conjlat of Lands or Tenements, holding of any Subject as aforesaid, in Scotland, over and above the

Duty now payable thereon, an additional Stamp-duty of one Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be

ingrossed, written, or printed, any Charter of Resignation, Confirmation, Ncvo darnus, or Charter upon

Apprizing or Adjudication made or granted by such Superior, or others, as aforesaid, in Scotland, over

and above the Duty now payable thereon, an additional Stamp-duty of one Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in-

grofled, written, or printed, any Principal or Original Saifine taken or following upon any Mortgage,

Wadset, Heritable Jdond, Alienation, or Disposition, or upon any Charter, Precept of Clare Conjlat, Re~

tours, Apprizings, or Adjudications of Lands or Tenements, holding of any Subject as aloiefaid, in

Scotland,

4

