A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georg 11 Ilf.

53*

277

sent, shall forthwith cause an Entry or Memorial to be made, in a Book or Books to be kept by them or

their Clerks for that Purpose, of the Names of such new-raised Men, and of the Parishes or Places of their

last Abode (if they can be known), and of the Time and Place when and where such Men were delivered

to the said Officers or Persons appointed to receive them, and the Names of the Officers or Persons' who

received them, and for what Regiment or Compjny they were so received, and the Sums paid; and shall

cause true Copies or Duplicates of such Entries, attested by the said Commissioners, or any three or more

of them then present, within forty Days after the delivering such Men as aforesaid, to be transmitted into

the Admiralty, or Office of his Majesty’s Secretary at War for the Time being, to be compared with the

Muster-roll; and every Clerk, for every Neglect or Default in not transmitting the said Copies or Dupli-

cates of such Entries to the Admiralty, or Office of the Secietary at War, as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum

often Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefl'ors, and the other Moi-

ety to such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in some of the Courts of Record at

Westminster, or the Court of Session in Scotland; and it is hereby declared, that the Pay of every such

new-raised Man, so delivered to the Officers or Persons appointed 10 receive them as aforesaid, shall com-

mence from the Time of his being taken and secured as aforesaid; and from and after such Delivery as

aforesaid, and reading the said Articles of War, every Person so raised shall be deemed a lifted Soldier to

all Intents and Purposes, and shall be subject to the Discipline of War, and, in case of Dcfercion, shall be

proceeded against as a Deserter by any Law now in Force, or by any Law to be made for Punishment of

Deserters ; and no Person so lifted shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty’s Service, by any Process

other than for some criminal Matter,

XXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for

the Comrriissioners, who shall have been present at any such Meeting where any new-raised Man shall have

been delivered over as aforesaid, or for the major Part of them, upon the Demand of such Man, or of any

other Person on his Behalf, signified to their Clerk within four Days after such Meeting, and by him no-

tified to each of the said Commissioners, to appoint a further Meeting of the fame Commissioners, to be

golden within fix Days after the making of such Demand, unless the Party appealing shall require a further

reasonable Time ; and if, upon further and more certain Information, the said Commissioners, or the ma-

jor Part of them at such further Meeting, shall find that such new-raised Man was not, at the Time of his

being delivered over as aforesaid, within the Description of this Act, they are hereby required to certify the

fame, under their Hands and Seals, to his Majesty’s Secretary at War, who, on, the Receipt of such Cer-

tificate, shall cause the Man to be forthwith,discharged ; and the recruiting Officer shall, on such Person’s

receiving his Discharge as aforesaid, cause to be paid to such Man the Sum of one Shilling for each Day he

shall have been so detained in the Service as aforesaid, to be allowed to such Officer out of the recruiting

Fund, over and above such Subsistence as he may have received ; and the Clerk appointed by the Commit-

sioners shall repay to such Officer (without Fee or other Deduction) the several Sums before paid to him by

the said Officer, and shall give back the Receipts taken as above directed, in Exchange for a Copy of the

Man’s Discharge; and in case no such Discharge shall have been obtained as aforesaid, then the said Clerk

shall, after the Expiration of fourteen Days from the Time that such new-raised Man was delivered over «s

aforesaid, pay over, without Fee or Deduction, to the Persons respectively intitled thereto under the Di-

rections of this Act, the several Sums deposited in his Hands for that Purpose.

to the Officer the Sums received of him, Ac. If no Discharge be obtained. Clerk to pay over the Sumi deposited to the

XXIII. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to empower

the said Commissioners to inlist any Person as a Soldier, until the several Sums herein directed to be paid,

by the respective Officers appointed to receive such new-raised Men, shall be first paid to the Person or

Persons respectively authorised to receive the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer or Officers, and other

Person or Persons, appointed to attend the said Commissioners, and to receiv^ such impressed Men, shall,

in case he or they shall find it necessary, secure such impressed Men in some secure House or Place, to be

provided by the Justices of the Peace, in their Petty or Special Sessions, for that Purpose; but in case no

such House or Place shall be so provided, then in the Gaol of the County, Town, or Place, where such

Man shall be received into his Majesty’s Service, or in the House of Correction, or other public Priforu of

such County, Town, or Place, where Debtors are not usually confined; and the Keeper of such Gaol,

House ot Correction, or Prison, shall receive such impressed Men, until they can be removed, without Fee

or Reward ; and such Keeper shall be allowed the usual Subsistence for such Men during the Time they

remain there, from the Officer by whom they shall be delivered as aforesaid ; and the Constables, Headbo-

3hs, and other civil Officers, shall (if required) be assisting to such Officer in conveying such Man or

War to be read

to new r*ifrd

Men.

Names of th;

Mm, P*rish,

Time r f mJift-

ing, Sec. to be

entered in a

Book.

Attested Copy

thercot to be

trans nitteJ,

within 40 L)jy%

to the Admiralty

or War-offi e,

on Penal y of’

10!.

Application of

the Pena’ty.

Commencement

of Soldier’s Pay.

After Article! of

War arp read,

Soldiers to be

subject to Mar-

tial Law.

Commissioners

present at the de-

livering over any

Recruit, may,'

upon Demand

made in his Be-

half, appoint a

further Meeting;

and finding him

not to be within

the Defcrip.ion

of this AO, arc

to certify the

fame to the ie«

creuiy at War,

who Hull cause

the Man to be

discharged.

Officer to pay

him t*S. for each

Day he shall have

Wen detained.

Clerk to repay

proper Persons.

None to be in-

lifted till the

Sums payable by

the Officers are

fi;ft paid.

Officers may

secure tmorefiei

Men.

rou.

Keeper to be al-

liwcd theT Sc b-

fifttnee Money,

_ , _ _ Civil Officer to

Men to such secure Place, Gaol, or House of Correction, and Thall be allowed such reasonable Sum or Sums b« »id>ng >" fe-

as the major Part of the Commissioners then present shall appoint tabe paid by the Officer or Officers who cu »rg them, and

shall require such Assistance.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to Commissioners

and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to impose upon any Gaoler, or Keeper of may levy a Fine,

a House of Correction, or Prison, who shall suffer any Person committed to his Custody, in pursuance of aot exceeding

this Act, toefcape; or upon any High Constable, Churchwarden, Overseer, Petty Con (table, Headbo-

rough, Tithingman, or other Parish or Town Officer, for every wilful Neglect or Default, in the Execu- j£rcn c#pc

tion of any Warrant, Order, or Precept, to them or any of them directed in pursuance of this Act, a mdonpanft

Fine not exceeding ten Pounds, and to cause every such Fine to be levied by Dtftrefs and Sale of the Often- Officer* for Na-

der’s Goods, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner$| and to pay the said Fine to the Informer 6,cft Djty.

or Informers.

Vol. XIII. Part II. - Oo XXVI. And

