3+2

Proviibi

Cne of two may

be chosen to exe-

cute the Office

of Collector.

Notice to be

given of Election

of Officers j

or such Election*

to be void.

General Col-

lector to give

Security,

Presbyteries to

make up Lifts

cf Ministers,

Sc. admitted to

Benefices, &c.

Proviso in fa-

your of the Pres-

bvteries in the

Isles.

Presbyteries,

&c, to give Cer-

tificate* to the

Widows and

Children.

Trustees to make

lip Lifts of Wi-

dows and Chil-

dren inthled to.

receive A nnui-

ties and Provi-

fions.

Trustees to settle

the Lifts of

Annuitants, &c.

and i(Tn“ War-

rants for Pay-

ment, &c.

C. 20. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A. D. 1779.

Assembly, or any other Way ; the said Trustees shall, in the first Instance, elect a new Clerk, or a Ge-

neral Col lector or Receiver j such Election being always subjected to the Review of the General Assembly,

in Manner aforesaid.

LXI. Provided always. That the Clerk, or General Collector or Receiver, so named and elected by

the Trustees, shall be allowed a proportionable Part of the Salary annexed to his Office during the Time

that he shall have discharged his Trust.

LXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Truf-

tees to cleft one or two Persons, but no greater Number, to execute the Office of General Collector 01;

Receiver, whose Election shall be subject to the Review of the next General Assembly, in the Manner

herein-before described.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in all Elections of the Clerk, or of

the General Collector or Receiver aforesaid, by the Trustees, whether such Election shall be made in a

stated Meeting of the Trustees, or in a Meeting called for that Purpose, Notice shall be given, in the

Edinburgh Newspapers, of the intended Election, and of the Day appointed for the fame, at lead fourteen

Days before the Day of Election.

LXIV. And it is hereby enacted, That every Election, whether of Clerk to the Trustees, or of the

General Collector or Receiver aforesaid, made by the Trustees, without such public Notice, shall, to all

Intents and Purposes, be null and void.

LXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the General Collector or Receiver, fbelcfted

and chosen, shall, upon his Admission, give Bond to the said Trustees, with one or more sufficient Sure-

ties, to the Extent of seven thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for the faithful Discharge

and Execution of his Trust, in the Manner herein before and after enacted, respecting the present Gene-

ral Collector or Receiver; and shall, in Consideration of his whole Trouble and Expence, be allowed an

annual Salary, not exceeding the Sum of one hundred and fifty-five Pounds of like Money.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Presbytery in Scotland, and

each of the Universities aforesaid, shall from Time to Time make up Lifts of all the Ministers, Heads,

Principals, or Matters, admitted into Benefices or Offices, within their respective Presbyteries or Univerfi-

ties, with the particular Dates of their Admissions, and of their respective Ages at such Admissions, pro-

perly certified ; and with a particular Account, whether such Minister or Member of the University be

married, or a Widower having Children, and with the Date of his Marriage, if the fame shall happen

afterwards ; and also a particular Lift of the Ministers of the Presbytery and Members of the University

respectively, who shall have died within the Year; and whether they have left a Widow and Children*,

with the Name of the Widow, and the Names and Ages of the Children; and also a List of all the Wi-

dows who have died, or been married, within the Year, with the Dates of their Death or Marriage, and

what Children of their former Husband’s were alive at the Time of the said Widow’s Death or Marriage ;

and also Lifts of all the Vacancies happening within their said Presbyteries or Universities respectively,

with the Dates and Cause of the Vacancy : Which Lifts, as also all other Lifts that shall be found necef-

fary by the Trustees, and by them appointed to be made up, shall be computed from the twenty-second

Day of November in each Year, to the twenty-second Day of November in the Year following, and shall

be attested by the Moderator and Clerk of the Presbytery, and by the Head or Principal, and Clerk, of the

said Universities respectively, and shall be transmitted by the said Moderator, Head, or Principal respec-

tively, to the Trustees Clerk tefiding at Edinburgh, on or before the first Day of February, and the Mo-

derator of the Presbytery, and the Head and Principal of the Universities, neglecting to sign and transmit

such Lifts as aforesaid, (nail, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds of lawful Money of

Great Britain, to be paid in to the General Collector or Receiver, and to be levied in the same Manner, and

to be applied to the fame Purposes, as the annual Rates are herein-before appointed to be applied.

LXVII. Provided always. That the Moderators of the Presbyteries, in the Western and Northern Isles

of Scotland\ shall not be subject to the said Penalty of ten Pounds, in case they transmit such Lifts as afore-

said on or before the fiift Day of May yearly.

LXVIil. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Moderators or Presbyteries, and

their Clerks, and the Heads or Principals of the Universities aforesaid, and their Clerks respectively, shall,

at the Request of each Widow or Child claiming Right to an Annuity or Provision, deliver to them a Cer-

tificate signed as aforesaid, certifying the Death of the Minister, or the Death or Marriage of his Widow,

with the respective Dates thereof, and the Names and Ages of his Children.

- LXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall, at their Meeting on

the said third Turfday of Afarch yearly, m ike up Lifts of all the Widows and Children intitled to receive

Annuities and Provisions our of the Funds of the preceding Year, mentioning the Sum? to which they are

respectively intitled ; which Lifts shall remain in the Hands of the Trustees Clerk, and shall be open to the

Inspection of all Parties interested ; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Parties interested to give in

their Oojcftions in Writing to the said Clerk, to be by him laid before the said Trustees for their Deter-

mination, at their said Meeting, upon the third Tuesday of Alay following.

* LXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Trustees shall, at their said Meet-

ing upon the third Tuesday of May yearly, finally settle and adjutt the said Lifts, and their Praefes shall

sign two fair Copies thereof, one to be kept by their Clerk, and the other to be forthwith delivered to the

General Collector or Receiver; and shall also sign a Warrant upon the General Collector or Receiver for

Payment accordingly, in favour of each Widow or Child interested ; videlicet, for Payment of an Annuity

to every Widow who shall survive Twelve of the Clock at Noon on the twenty-sixth of Alay, and for

Payment to the Children of their respective Provisions, on the thirteenth Day of August thereafter; and

shall lodge all the said Warrants in the Hands of their Clerk, to be by him delivered to the Widows as they

shall call for the fame; upon their producing to him such Certificates as shall be rc.quired by the said War-

5

■rants

