252

Orphans Fund

charged w ith

the Annuities*

Public Act.

Preamble.

Ad 5 and 6

Co). A Mar.

accited.

City of London

to pay an Annu«

ity of 67 1. 10 s.

to the Commis-

fiontrt 1

and for that

Purpose to issue

Bonds under

their Common

Seal.

VaWe and Con-

dition cl the

Bonds.

C. 50. Auno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

Time being, at his Office in the Guildhall in the said City, any Bond or Bonds so given) be intitled to re-

ceive from the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens the Sum of one hundred rounds, for and in full

Satisfaction and Redemption of every four Pounds and ten Shillings of such Annuities; and every such Sum

of four Pounds and ten Shillings of such Annuity or Annuities in respect whereof such Notice shall be givcu

shall, from and after the End of the said six Months, cease and be no longer paid or payable, unltfs the

fame Sum of one hundted Pounds shall be demanded pursuant to such Notice, and not paid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Fund created by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years

of King /Villiam and Queen Mary, and by the said Acts of the twenty-first Year of King George the

Second, and the seventh Year of his present Majesty, in Part further continued and augmented, shall be,

and the fame is hereby charged and made chargeable with the Annuities which shall be payable under or

by virtue of this Act ; subject nevertheless and without Prejudice to the Payment of the Interest oh the

principal Debt remaining due on the Credit of the said Fund to the Orphans ?nd other Creditors of the said

City, and of the Interest on the principal Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds by the

said Act of the seventh Year of his prelrnt Majesty charged upon the said Fund, and also the Annuities

which are or shall be payable in respect of the Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds directed

to be borrowed and raised upon the Credit thereof by the said last-mentioned Act, according to the true

Meaning of the fame; and the fame Fund shall be, and is hereby charged and made chargeable with the

Payment also to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of all such Sum and Sums of Money as

they shall advance and pay in Redemption of the said Annuities, or any of them, in pursuance of this

Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act; and all

Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially

pleading the same*

CAP. L.

An Act for applying the Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds, to arise cut of the Sur-

plufles of a certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fundy for the Purpose of widen-

ing certain Avenues leading into Goodman's Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

4 ITTHEREAS an Act was made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King IViiliam and

4 VV Queen Mary% intituled, An Act for Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London,

4 whereby a Fund was established for the Purposes therein mentioned ; which said Fund, and the Re-

4 ceiptsand Disbursements thereof, are under the Management and Direction of the Court of Mayor and

4 Aldermen of the said City of London: And whereas by several Acts, made in the twenty-first Year of

4 his late Majesty, the seventh Year of his present Majesty, and this present Session of Parliament, or by

4 some of them, the several Provisions for supporting the said Fund have been continued and augmented,

* and several further Sums of Money charged thereon, for defraying the Expences of several public Works

4 within the Cities of London and Westmin(lery and elsewhere: And whereas the three principal Avenues,

4 from The Minorieiy through Goodman's Tardy into Prefcot-Jbeet; and from The MinorieSy through Sivan-

4 street and Swan-alley, into Manfell-street ; and from Whitechapel or Aldgate High-flreety through Somerset-

4 Jhreety into Great Manfell-street, in the Parishes of Saint Mary Whitechapel and Saint Boto/ph Aldgate, in

4 the County o f Middlesex y are great Thoroughfares, and being very narrow, the Passage through the fame

4 is dangerous and frequent Delays and Inconveniences are occasioned thereby, and it would therefore be

4 of great public Utility to have the said Avenues widened sufficiently to make the Passage through the

4 fame safe and commodious: And whereas it is reasonable that the Sum of one thousand five hundred

4 Pounds, out of the Surpluses to arise from the Fund aforesaid, should be applied towards making the said

4 Openings :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor

and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London shall, and they are hereby authorised and required,

yearly, and every Year, to pay, or cause to he paid, to John Leman of Northall in the County of Hertford^

John Newnham of Marefcld in the County of Sussex, and Edward Hawkins of Goodman s Fields aforesaid,

Esquires, or the Survivoisor Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, one

or more Annuity or Annuities, or yearly Sum or Sums of Money, amounting to the yearly Sum of sixty-

seven Pounds ten Shillings in the Whole, by equal half-yearly Payments ; (that is to f-y) on the twenty-

fifth Day of Decemktry and the twenty-fourth Day of June, in every Year; and one Year’s Payment

thereof to be made on the twenty-fouith Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight.

II. And be it further enacted, That for securing theTayment of the said respective Annuities to the said

Jobn^Leman, John Newnbamy and Edward Hawkinsy in Manner above mentioned, the said Mayor and

Commonalty and Citizens Stall, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of Junty one thousand seven hundred

and seventy-eight, at the Ex pence of them the said John Lemany John Newnbamy and Edward Hawkinsy

make and duly execute, under the Common Seal of the said City, and deliver, or cause to be delivered,

unto the said John Lemony John Newnhamy and Edward Haw kins y or the Survivors or Survivor of them,

or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, fifteen Bonds ; and the said Mayor and Commonalty

and Citizens shall, in every such Bond, become bound to the Chamberlain of the said City, or to his

Chief Clerk for the Time Doing, in the penal Sum of two hundred Pounds, for fecuiing the Payment of

one hundred Pounds ; with Condition, for paying an Annuity, after the Rate of four Pounds ten Shillings

per Annumy at the Times above mentioned, and that every such Bond shall be void on Redemption of such

Annuity, upon the Terms and in the Manner herein-after expressed; and the said Chamberlain or his

Chief Clerk are hereby required to indorse such Bonds.

III. And

6

