The TITLES of the STATUTES.

18. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of

Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

19. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

called England^ for one Year, beginning the twenty-

fifth Day of March, one thousand (even hundred and fe-

venty-nine.

20. An Act for the better railing and securing a Fund for

a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Mini-

fters of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Prin-

cipals, and Matters, in theUniverfities of Saint Andrews,

Glasgow, Edinburgh, and Aberdeen; and for repealing

two Acts made in the seventeenth and twenty-second

Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second for those Purposes.

2i* An Act for licensing and regulating Lottery-office

Keepers.

22. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the giving

further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval

Stores from the British Colonies in America, to the

Landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plant-

ations before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the

discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation

of Tallow, Hogs Lard, andGreafe; to the regulating

the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers

in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain

Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Ma-

jesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; and to the allowing

a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Scores

to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their

Voyages.

23. An Act more effectually to enable the President and

Governors of the Hospital or Infirmary at Bath, efta-

blished by an Act, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An

Act for establishing and well’governing an Hospital or Infirm-

ary in the City of Bath, to take or acquire, and hold,

any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any In-

terest in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and any

Money or Personal Property, to be laid out in Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, pursuant to any Will,

or otherwise, to the Amount limited in the said Act.

24* An Act for charging the Lands within the North

Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bed-

ford Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the

Manor of Crowland, with further Taxes, for a limited

Time, for discharging the Debts incurred by the Com-

missioners under an Act of the twenty-seventh Year of

King George the Second; and for supporting and pre-

serving the Drainage of the said Lands.

25. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties

upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Ma-

nagement of the respective Commissioners of the Cuf-

toms and Excise in Great Britain.

26. An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the

eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled.

An Act for the Encouragement of the White Herring

Fishery.

27. An Act for further continuing and extending the Pro-

visions of two Acts, made in the twenty-ninth Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

and in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty,/*r/ ranting a Bounty on certain Species of British

andlixfti Linens exported, ami taking off the Duties on the

Importation of foreign Raw Linen Tarns made of Flax \

and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British

chequed and Jlriped Linens, and upon British and Irish

Diaper s, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Linen, of above

a certain Breadth.

28. An Act to permit, during the present Hostilities with

France, certain Goods enumerated in the Act of Navi-

gation to be imported in British built Ships sold to Fo-

reigners, and for releasing Ships and Goods which have

been seized in pursuance of the said Act.

29. An Act for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, im-

ported into the Port of Cowes, in the Ijle of Wight, to

be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the

like Restrictions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, are allowed

to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act*

made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’a

Reign, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and

Exportation of Corn.

30. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor of the several Parishes within the Hundred of Cof-

ford (except the Parish of Hadleigh), and also of the

Parish of Poljled, within the Hundred of Babergh, in the

County of Suffolk.

31. An Act for building a new Assize or Town Hall and

Market-house, within the City or Borough of Wells, in

the County of Somerset\ and for regulating the Markets

within the said City or Borough.

32. An Act for continuing and amending two Acts, made

in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, and the

fourth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the

Road from Piper’s Inn to Glafionbury, and several other

Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset\

and for repairing the Road from Piper's Inn aforesaid to

Athelney bridge; and also for paving, cleansing, and light-

ing the City or Borough of Wells, in the said County,

and for removing and preventing Inc roach meats, Nui-

fances, and Annoyances therein.

33. An Act for draining, improving, and preserving, the

Low Lands in the Parishes of Altcar, Sefton, Halfall,

and Walton upon the Hill, in the County Palatine of

Lancaster.

34. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effcctual*

an Act passed in the seventh Year of his present Ma-

jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for draining and preftry-

ing certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South

Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called

Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between

the River Cam, otherwise Grant, Weft, and the Hard

Lands of Bottilham, Swaffham Bui beck, and S waff-

ham Prior, East\ and for impowering the Governor, Bai-

liffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Confer vat ors of

the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level,

to fell certain Fen Lands, ly ing within the Limits aforesaid,

commonly called Inverted Lanas.

3?. An Act to repeal so much of several Acts of Parlia-

ment, as prohibit the Growth and Produce of Tobacco

in Ireland*, and to permit the Importation of Tobacco

of the Growth and Produce of that Kingdom into Great

Britain, under the like Duties and Regulations as To-

bacco of the Growth of the British Colonies in America

is permitted to be imported.

36. An Act for erecting a Market-house, and regulating

the Markets, within the Borough of Bridgewater, in the

County of Somerset\ and for paving, cleansing, fighting,

and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public PA-

sages and Places within the said Borough.

37. An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation

into this Kingdom of Hemp, of the Growth of the

Kingdom of Ireland, for a limited Time.

38. An Act for altering the Times of holding the Martin-

mas and Candlemas Terms in the Court of Exchequer in

Scotland.

39. An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, and light-

ing, the Town and Borough of Burton upon Trent, in the

County of Stafford; and for removing and preventing

Obstructions and Annoyances therein*

40. An

