497

titled to a for*

ther Sum of

Money.

Offender* la-

bouring under

acute Disteropers

not to be dif-

miflcd, unless

they defireit.

Direction* rela-

tive to the Bu-

rial of Oftcodera

who shall die in

Custody of the

Superintendent*

A. D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georg 11 III. C. 74.

Buperintendant or Superintendants, and who shall serve accordingly, shall be entitled, at the End of the

Year, to another Sum of Money, equal to that which was allowed him at the Time of his Difmiilion.

LVII. Provided always. That no Offender shall be dismissed out of the Custody of the said Superintcn-

dant or Superinrendams, at the End or other Determination of his Term, unless at his own Request,

if he shall then labour under any acute or dangerous Diitemper, nor until he can be safely dif-

♦ charged*

LVilf. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Offenders shall happen to die in the Cuf-

tody of such Superintcndant or Superintendants as aforesaid, they shall be buried in the most commodious

Places adjacent to the several Rivers, Ports, Harbours, and Havens, in or near which they shall have been

respectively employed, according to the Form for Burial prescribed by the Liturgy of the Church of Eng-

land', and the necessary Charges of suchs Funerals, and also of the Coroners who shall (it on the Bodies of

the Offenders so dying in such Custody, together with the necessary Expences of providing such Chap-

lains, Surgeons, and Apothecaries, as the said Buperintendant or Superintendants shall find it expedient,

or shall be required by the Court into which such Returns as are herein-after mentioned shall be made,

from Time to Time, to employ in attending the Offenders in his or their Custody or Custodies, shall be paid

by such Superintendent or Superintendants, and brought tb Account in Manner herein-after mentioned.

LIX. Provided always, That such Chaplains so to be employed as aforesaid shall read Morning and TkaCbaplabft

Evening Prayer, and preach a Sermon after each, in every such Place of Confinement, on every Chrfflmas- Docy»

day. Good-Friday, and Sunday, throughout the Year.

LX. And be it further enacted, That every such Superintcndant shall, in the Custody, Treatment,

and Employment of the Offenders committed to hh Care, conform to and observe the several Directions

herein-trcfore given for regulating the Conduct of the Governors of the said Penitentiary Houses, so far as

the Nature oTthe Service in'which the said Offenders shall be employed, and their different Places and

Modes of Confinement, will permit, and so far as is confident with the other Regulations and Orders con-

tained in this Act, with respect to the said Offenders.

to the Governor* of the Penitentiary

LXI. And be it further enacted, That each of the Governors and Superintendants of the several Places

of Confinement to be appointed by virtue of this Act.foall keep a regular Book or Books, for the Pur-

pofei herein-after mentioned; and from thence, from Time to Time* shall make true and just Returns,

Specifying the Names of all and every the Person or Persons who shall be committed to their Custody, the

Offences of which they shall have been guilty, the Court before which each Person was convicted| the

Sentence of the Court, the Age, bodily Eftare, and Behaviour of every such ConviA while in Custody,

and also the Names of all and every the Person or Persons who shall have died under such Custody, or

shall have escaped from such Place of Confinement, or shall have been discharged from thence by Order

from one of his Mriefty’s principal Secretaries of State, or otherwise; which Returns shall be made, the

first Day of every Term, to his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, and shall be verified on the Oath of the

Person making the feme.

N Person* committed to their

LXII. And be it further enacted, That a State of the Accounts of each of the said Penitentiary Houses*

shall be hid before the justices of the Peace for the County in which the fame shall be situated, four Times

in the Year, at their General Quarter SefSons of the Peace, and the said Accounts shall be then, or at any

other adjourned Sessions to be then appointed for that Purpose, inspected, and carefully examined ; and if

the said Justices shall observe any notorious Waste to have happened, or any extravagant Expences to

have been incurred, or any other gross Mismanagement, they (nail report the fame to the Justices of

his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, who shall immediately take Order therein, and check or redress

the fame.

arc to report the feme to the Court of Kii*’,

LX 111. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to appoint one fit and

able Person to be Inspector of the two Penitentiary Houses to be erected by vlrtoe of this A A, and of the

several Ships and Vessels, to be employed on the River Thames for the Confinement of Offenders as afore-

said, and of all other Gaols and Places of criminal Confinement within the City of London and County of

AdiddUfe*', which InfpcAor shall personally visit and infpcA every such Place of Confinement once at least

in every Quarto of a Yean, or oifrener, if Occasion shall require, and shall diligently examine into the

several Particulars herein-before directed to be returned to his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, and also

into the State of the Buildings the Behaviour and Conduct of the respeAive Officers, the Treatment and

Condition of the Prisoners, the Amount of the several Earnings and the Expences attending every such

Place of Confinement, and shall make a faithful Report of the feme to both Houses of Parliament, at the

Beginning of every Session, and a Mb in Matters of extreme or pressing Necessity, shall and may make a

special Report thereof to the Justices of his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, who shall immediately take

Order therein, and regulate or redress the feme: and such Inspector shall continue in Rich Office during

his Majesty s Pleasure, and shall receive such Salary as his Majesty shall appoint, not exceeding two hun-

dred Pounds par Annum.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, not herein-

before special Jy provided for, shall be annually laid before the rioufe of Commons, and after deduAin*

thereout the Nett Profits, if any, arising from the Earnings of the Offenders who shall be kept to H*a

Labour in any of the Places of Confinement to be appointed by virtue of this A A, shall be provided for in

the next Supplies to be granted to his Majesty by Parliament.

LX V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall he ordered to Hard Labour in any of

the Places of Confinement to be appointed by virtue of this Act, instead of being capitally punished, shall,

at any Time during she Term for which he or foe shall be so ordered t* Confinement, break Prison, or

3 ^ efittpc

Superintend*!*,

in Um Treat-

ment and Em-

ployment of Of-

fender*, to pb-

serve the Direr-

tions before given

House», See.

Governor* and

Superintendents

to keep tegalat

Book*} from

which Retnrms

art to be made*

the first Day of

ewy Term, 10

the Court of

King* Bench,

specifjring the

Name* and Of-

fence*, Re. of alt

Custody.

A State of the

Account* of each

Penitentiary

Hoefe to be laid

before every

Qo irter Sessionv

for the County

who, it they ob-

serve aoy noto-

rious Waste, Ac*

Hb Majesty may

appoint an In-

foeftor of the

Peuiteniiary

Housei, Ac. f

who shall visit

and’inspelt every

foeh Place of

Confinement

once a

an t make

t itbful Report

of the State

thereof ? both

F* > wc* of Par-

at the

Bepittr Iryf of

every Stflhn.

Etcpmcei of

executing thSa

AO to be laid

annually before

the Hroic of

Comn.oAs, &C.

Puniftiwem of

^ons ordered

to hard Labour

who Aail break

