202

catet, tec. which

shall be deliver-

ed to them, and

to examine the

A He flora, dec.;

and if they fuf-

p;ft that any

Houfie is omit-

ted or under-

charged, they

may summon

the Occupier to

appear before

them.

How Comtnif-

iionerrare to act

it the Persons

summoned do

not appear, See,

Duplicates of

the AfleAments

to be made out,

&C.J

which fta'l con-

tain the Num-

ber of Houses,

and the Amount

of the Duties*

Surveyors may

/upervife the

Afftflmenti, and

amend them,

before they are

signed by the

Commissioners:

And if they dif-

ccver any Qjnif-

fions after the

Assessments are

signed, they are

to certify the

fame to <he

Commifi-onen,

Itc.

If any jrcharge

is omitted ' he

first Half Year,

it may be m^tie

fer the whole

Year.

Any House in-

habited by dif-

ferent Families,

to pay the Du-

ties us if inha-

bited by one

Farr i!y.

Pr< vif, relating

to Colleges, Sec,

Each Apartn ent

in ihr Inns of

Court to be

dterren an en-

tire Hoi fe.

Where* Intuits

are cli ugca:>!e

vah the I utiesv

th*y arc t«> t e

pai< h’ iheir

1 arcr*4 or

»u«ioiani.

C. 26. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

Assessments, which by this Act are before directed to be annually delivered to them, and also to examine

the Assessors and Presentors thereof; and if the said Commissioners, or any three of them, within their

several Limits or Divisions, shall, at the Time of the Delivery of such Certificates or Assessments, or

within ten Days after, have certain Knowledge or Cause to suspect that any House, or other Premises as

aforesaid therewith occupied, which ought to be charged by this Act, is or are omitted in such Certifi-

cates; or that any House, or other such Premises, is or are undercharged, or not duly charged according

to the Directions of this Act; the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have Power

to summon the Person or Persons occupying such House or Tenement to appear before them at a Day and

Place to be prefixed, of which three Days Notice at least shall be given; and if any Person or Persons

summoned shall neglect to appear, the said Commissioners may proceed to amend such Assessments, and to

charge such Occupier with such Rate as shall appear reasonable from the Evidence before them; and

moreover the said Commissioners to whom such Certificates or Assessments shall be delivered, or any three

of them, or any other three Commissioners of the respective Counties, Shires, or Stewartries, where such

Assessments shall be made, shall have Power, and are hereby required, by all lawful Ways and Means,

to examine and inquire into and concerning the annual Value of any House, and other such Premises as

aforesaid therewith occupied, charged in or by any such Assessment, or which shall have been omitted to

be charged therein, and thereupon to enlarge, alter, abate, or diminish the said Assessments, so to be de-

livered to such Commissioners, to the End that such Duty may be set and imposed upon every such House

or Tenement according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and the said Commissioners, or any

three or more of them, shall, after such Perusal and Examination thereof, set their Hands to the said re-

spective Assessments, and to such Surcharge or Surcharges as shall or may have been made thereto in the

meantime, testifying their Allowance of the fame.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any two

or more of them, shall, from Time to Time yearly, cause true Duplicates of such Assessments as aforesaid

to be made out, delivered, and transmitted, in such and the same Manner, and at like Times, as is

directed by the aforesaid Acts, or any of them, with respect to the Duplicates of the Assessments therein

mentioned!.

XXII. Provided always, That in the said Duplicates to be transmitted to the Receivers general, and

to the King’s Remembrancer, the Number of Houses shall be inserted, as well as the Amount of the

Duties, in order to ascertain the Money which the Receivers-general are directed by this Act to pay to the

Assessors for the first Year’s Assessment, at Three-pence each House, and for the Information of the proper

Officers who are to allow the fame in the Receiver’s Accounts.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Surveyor and Sur-

veyors appointed and^to be appointed, under or by virtue of the said several Acts herein-before mentioned,

or any of them, for the Rates and Duties thereby imposed, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby

empowered to inspect, examine, and supervise, the Assessments to be made in or for any such Parish or

Place as aforesaid, before the Commissioners shall have signed and allowed the fame, and to alter and amend

any such Assessment or Assessments, if he or they shall fee just Cause for so doing; and every Person, in

whose Custody any such Certificate or Assessment shall be, is hereby required, upon the Request of any

such Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, to produce the fame: And if any such Surveyor or Surveyors

shall, after any such Affeflmerjt or Assessments shall be so respectively made out, signed, and allowed as

aforesaid, find or discover, upon his or their Survey, that any Houses, and other rremifes as aforesaid

therewith respectively occupied, which should and ought to be charged with the Duties hereby granted,

shall have been omitted to be charged therewith, or shall have been under-rated, such Surveyor or Sur-

veyors shall certify the fame in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, by way of Surcharge, to any

two or more of the said Commissioners, on or before the sixteenth Day of November next, for the first

Quarterly Payment, which shall be due on the tenth Day of October next, and thenceforward, and in every

future Year, at the fame Times they make their Surcharges for the Duties on Houses and Windows, in

older to have such Omission or Under-rate rectified in the said Affcfl’ment; and the said Commissioners are

thereupon to cause the fame to be rectified, and the Duties levied accordingly.

XXIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any Surveyor or Surveyors shall omit to make

a Surcharge or Surcharges for the first Half Year, it shall and may be lawful for the said Surveyor or Sur-

veyors to make a Surcharge or Surcharges for the Whole Year.

XXV. And be it further enacted and declared. That where any House shall be divided into different

Stories, Tenement's, Lands, or Landings, and shall be inhabited by two or more Persons or Families, the

fame (hull neverthclcfs be subject to, and shall in like Manner pay, the Duties granted by this Act, as if

such House or Ten ment was inhabited by one Person or Family only.

XXV'I Provided always. That each District, Chamber, or Apartment, in any College or Hall in any

of the Univetfities of Great Britain, shall be subject to the Duties granted by this Act, as if the fame were

an entire House.

XXVII. And be it likewise enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every Chamber or

Apartment, in any of the Inns of Court or Chancery, being severally in the Tenure or Occupation of

any Person or Persons, shall be subject to the Duties granted by this Act, as if the fame were an entire

House.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons

chargeable with the Duties hereby granted as aforesaid, or either of them, shall be under the Age of

twenty-one Years, in every such Calc the Parents, Guardians, and Tutors, of such Infants respectively,

upon Default of Payment by Inch Infants, shall be, and are hereby made liable to, and charged with, the

Payments which such Infants ought to have m^de; and if such Parents, Guardians, or Tutors, shall

neglect or rdufe to pay as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to proceed against them in like Manner as

against

