478 C. 69* Anno decimo notio Gbok-Gii HI. ’ A.D.; 1779.

* [or Fleet], and has fegiftered his Name in the Book kept by the Clerk of the Peace of this County

* (Riding, or Division), this Day of pursuant to the Directions of the

« said Act.’

Clerk of the

Peace to trans*

mit to Commis-

sioners of Cut*

toms, &c. an

Account of all

For which Entry or Register, there shall be paid the Clerk of the Peace for such County, Riding, or Di-

vision, one Shilling, and no more; and that the said Clerk of the Peace shall, immediately after the said

twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nme, transmit to the Commis-

sioners of the Customs and Excise an exact Account of all the Persons who have, by such Entiy or Register

as aforesaid, entitled themselves to claim the Benefit of this Act.

Persons who have registered their Names.

Penalty on Per-

fons claiming

the Benefit of

this A&, Who

A all afterwards

be guilty of the

like Offences, or

who shall desert,

See.

Penalty on Of-

ficer suffering

such Persons to

a«oid aduai Ser-

vice.

Any Justice, on

Complaint made

of any Officer

for Neglelt of

Baty, may exa-

mine into the

foraej

and if there ap-

pear reasonable

Grounds of

Complaint, the.

Justice shall

transmit the

Complaint, with

the Examina-

tions taken be-

fore him, to the

Commissioners,

&c. who may

dismiss the Of-

ficer, &c.

No Person pro-

fee u ted under

this A&, liable

to any otlitr

Pxofecution for

Penalties and

Forfeitures how

to be recovered

and applied.

limitation of

A&iona.

•eneral Iffiie*

%kUc Coflsi

XXX. Provided always, That every Person who shall make such Entry, and*chwm the Benefit of this

present Act as aforesaid, and shall afterwards be guilty of, or commit any of the like Offences as those

herein-before mentioned, or hereby intended to be acquitted, released, and discharged, or shall at any

Time after desert from the said Service, or, within the said Term of three Years, procure his Discharge

therefrom, shall be subject and liable to be prosecuted, not only for or in respect of such new Offence, but

shall also be subject and liable to all the fame Penalties, Pains, and Forfeitures, as he would have incurred

or been subject and liable to, in case this Indemnity had never been given; any Thing herein contained to

the contrary notwit h (landing.

XXXI. Provided also, That if any Officer of his Majesty’s Land Forces or Navy shall, by false Muster

or Certificate, or by any other eollufive dr evasive Ways or Means whatsoever, suffer or permit such Person

or Persons to avoid the actual Service as aforesaid, such Person shall not only lose the Benefit of this Act,

but every such Officer shall suffer the Penalty of five hundred Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Officer of the Cus-

toms or Excise shall not use his best Endeavours to.seize any Tea, Coffee, foreign Brandy, or other foreign

Spirituous Liquors liable to Forfeiture, and which it shall be the Duty of such Officer to seize ; or to stop*

detain, and carry and convey before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, any Person or Persons

whom such Officer is hereby authorised to stop, detain, and carry and convey before one or more Justice of

Justices of the Peace; that then, and in any of the said Cafes, it shall and may be lawful to and for any

justice or Justices of the Peace residing near t6 the Place where such Officer shall make Default in the

Performance of his Duty, uport Complaint thereof made to such Justice within three Months after such

Default, to examine into the Truth of such Complaint upon the Oath of credible Persons, which Oath

such Justice is hereby authorised to administer; and if it shall appear to such Justice that there is a reason-

able Ground for such Complaint, then such Justice is hereby required to transmit the said Complaint, to-

gether wkh the Examinations taken before him thereon, unto the Cortimissioners of the Customs, if the

Officer complained against shall belong to the Customs; and if such Officer shall belong to the Excise,

then unto the Commissionfts’of Eiteife; which Corrimissioners of the'Customs and Excise respectively, art

hereby required to make Enquiry, byffuch Ways and Means as to them shall seem meet, into the Truth

of the said CofnplairU; and in*case they'think fit on the* Ground thereof to difmifsthe Officer, against

whom such Complaint (halhbe made, from his Majesty’s Service, then such Officer is hereby made inca-

pable of executing any Office in his Majesty’s Revenue of Customs or Excise for the future: Provided

nevertheless. That no Person shall be compelled to go above five Miles from the usual Place of his Abode

to be examined before any Justice of the Peace upon any Complaint to be made to him as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted. That no Person who shall be prdfeCuted or punished by any of the

Provisions in this Act, shall be liable to be prosecuted or punished for the fame Offence by any other Act

or Acts; any Thing therein contained to the contrary ttotwithstanding. ( - ,

the fame Offence. '

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, fall Fine$* Penalties, and For-

feitures, imposed by this Act (not otherwise hereby directed), shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, or

mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods^ as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be reco-

vered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt,. Bill, Plaint, or Information, in

any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that

one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, and forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, sue for, or di (cover theifame. ,

XXXV. And it. is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons

shall at any Time or Times be> sued or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pur-

fuance of, or by colour of, this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Action or

Prosecution shall be commenced within the Space of three Months after the Offence shall be committed ;

and such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Mat-

ter in Evidence, for his and their Defence, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by Authority of

the said Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or

Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or De-

fendants have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the P’ain-

tiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for th&

fame* as the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law*

CAPi

