45°

The Governor

General and

Counfellois of

the Presidency

ef Fort W lliarr*,

fh*11 continue in

their Offices du-

ring the Conti-

nence of this

Act, except they

should be re-

moved by hit

Majesty, &c.

Thit Act not to

the Rights

of the Crown, or

of the Company,

after the Expira-

tion thereof.

Public ACT

preamble*

Recital ofan Act

*3 tc 14 Car. II.

\

After .14 June

*779# Lime, &c.

for the Improve-

ment of Land,

may be carried

from Port toPort*

without giving

any Cocquet or

Bqd^,

C. 62—64. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

the mean Time, except by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon Representation made by the

Court of Directors for the said United Company for the Time being: And whereas it may be expedient.

that the said Regulation should be extended to the Person and Persons who, at the Time of passing this

4 Ad, th ill have and enjoy the respective Offices of Governor General, and Counsellors of the said Pre-

4 fidency \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person and Persons who, at the

Time of the passing of this Act, shall have and enjoy the Office and Offices of Governor General and

Counsellors of the said Presidency, shall hold and continue in his and their respective Offices for and du-.

ring the Continuance of this Act, and shall not be removeable in the mean Time, except by his Majesty,

his Heirs and Succcflbr9, upon Representation made by the Court of Directors for the said United Com-

pany for the Time being; and shall have and enjoy all and Angular the Powers and Authorities verted by

the said Act in the first Governor General and four first Counsellors by the said Act appointed, and shall.

-be subject to the said Restrictions and Limitations as by the said Act the first Governor General and first.

four Counsellors were made subject 5 and that in case of the Avoidance of the Offices of such Governor

^General, or any of the said Counsellors, such Office shall be respectively supplied in the same Manner,

as the fame Office would by the said Act have been supplied, during the Remainder of the Term of five.

'Years wh-»ch was computed from the Time that the first.Governor General 3nd four first Counsellors took,

upon them the Government of the said Presidency.

VI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extens-

or be construed to extend, to affect the Rights of the Crown, or of the said Company, after the Expira-,

tion of this Act;'but that the fame shall remain, continue, and be in the same State and Condition ifl-

all Respects, as though this Act had never been made.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to

*be a Public Act; of which Notice shall be judicially taken by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons.,

whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LX II.

.An Act to permit the Removal of Lime, and other Articles necessary for the Improve-

ment of Land, without Cotquet or Bond.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Vears of the Reign of Kin\gCharles

the Second (intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses in his Majesty s Customs),

4 it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, shall be shipped

4 or put on board to be carried forth to the open Sea, from any one Port, Creek, or Member, of England,

Dominion of Wales, or Port and Town of Berwick, to be landed at any other Place of this Realm,

4 without a Sufferance or Warrant first had and obtained from the Officers of his Majesty’s Custom?, all

4 fuph Goods, Wares, and Merchandises* shall be forfeited and lost; and that the Matter of every Ship

4 or Vessel that shall so lade or take in any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, to be landed and dif*

4 charged as aforesaid, shall, before the Ship or Vessel be removed or carried out of the Port from whence

4 be shall take in his Lading, take out a Cocquet or Cocquets, and become bound to the King’s Majesty,

4 with good Security, in the Value of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, for Delivery and Discharge

4 thereof, in the Port or Place for which the fame shall be entered, or in some other Port or Place in th;3

4 Kingdom: And whereas, in order to promote the Cultivation and Improvement of Land, it is expe-

4 diem that Lime, and other Articles necessary for that Purpose, should be removed at as little Expence

4 as possible to the Owners and Proprietors of such Land, and that they should not be put to any Trouble

4 or Difficulty more than is necessary for the Security of the public Revenue be it therefore enacted

by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and*

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thatr

from and after the twenty fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sevenry-nine, «o Cocquet

or Bond shall be required or taken by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, from the M tfter or Owner

of any Hoy, Vessel, or Boat, or from any other Person whatsoever, for carrying or removing of any Lime-

Lime-stones, Chalk, Marie, or Dung, from any Port, Member, or Creek, in Great Britain, to be landed

at any other Port or Place within the said Kingdom; but such Lime, Lime-stones, Chalk, Marie, and

Dupg, may be so shipped and Laden, at any Port, Member, or Creek, within this Kingdom, by Suffer-#

ance or Warrant, ?nd may be removed and carried by open Sea, and landed at any other Port or Place, in

Great Britain? by Transirg only; any Thing in the said recited A&> or any other A&, to the contrary ig

any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand (even hundred and seventy-rnine* Jfsoo,coo/.

CAP. LXJV-:

An Act for raffing further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

one thousand fevcp hundred and seventy.-nirte. i,9co>oooo /

