298

Penalty on Per*

fens Spoiling

tke Roadi.

Trustees em-

powered to

make Passages

for Water.

Hedges and

Trees to be

lopped or pruned*

Trustees may

video Roads j

making Satlf-

f-itfion for

Ci round taken,

tcc.

Such Satiifac*

tion to be pre-

vious to widen-

ing the Roads.

New Fences to

be made.

Roads to be

meafued, and

Mile Slones

e etted.

Penalty on re-

moving or de-

facing Ivlile-

stones.

Trustees tray

atTrlV the Dif-

t-.ct in 1 .* d.

Sri-il up, < n the

100 1. 'cots of

Valued Kent.

C. 69. Amio decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

adjacent to that Part of the Road on which the fame shall be found, shall be deemed and held to be the

Lavers down thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall haul or

draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree, Log, or Piece of Tim-

ber, or any Stone or other Thing whatsoever, otherwise than upon a Wheel-carriage, Sledge, or Carr, or

shall suffer any Tree, Log, or Piece of Timber or Stone, or other Matter whatsoever, which shall be con-

veyed upon a Wheel-carnage, Sledge, or Carr, to drag upon any Part of such Roads, or shall turn his

Plough on any Part of the said Roads, such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten

Shillings Sterling, to be recovered and levied in Manner before directed.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where it shall be found necessary to

make Passages for the Water from the Ditches on the Side of the Roads, through the Ground of any ad-

jacent Proprietor, the Trustees are hereby empowered so to do, and to keep them clear and open.

XXL And be it further enacted,. That where Hedges or Branches of Trees hang over the Road, foas to

annoy or obstruct the free Paffiige, the Owners shall cut or lop the fame; and on their failing so to do when

required, any one or more Justice or Justices may appoint Persons to cut or lop such Hedges or Branches of

Tices, as prove a Nuisance to the said Highways: Provided that no Person be compelled, nor any Sur-

veyor permitted, to cut or prune any Hedge at any other Time than between the 1 aft Day of September and

the last Day of February \ and that no Person shall be obliged to fell any Timber Trees growing in Hedges

at any Time whatsoever, except where the Highway or Road shall be ordered to be enlarged, as is herein-

after directed, or to cut down or grub up any (Lk Trees growing within such Highway or Road, or in

such Hedges, except in the Months of April, May, June, or jidy; or any Ash, Elm, or other Trees, in

any other Months than December, January, and February.

XXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any seven of them, in a

general or District Meeting rffembled, shall be, and hereby are empowered to widen, or cause to be

widened, any Road, to a Breadth not exceeding thirty Feet, exclusive of the Ditches or Drains on each

Side thereof: Provided always, That in the Entries to Towns and Villages, the said Trustees assembled as

aforesaid, shall have Power to widen such Entries to a Breadth not exceeding forty Feet; and for these

Purposes, the Trustees shall be empowered to remove Fences and Houses, whose Side-walls do not exceed

twelve Feet in Height, or other Obstructions, six Months Notice being always given to the Proprietors or

Possessors of Houses, before the fame are removed, and Satisfaction being always made, to the Owner or

Owners and Lessees of Land, for so much Ground as shall be taken to widen the said Roads, above and

beyond twenty Feet wide of clear pastable Road, and for the Fences and Houses removed; such Satisfac-

tion to be ascertained by the View, upon Oath, of five Trustees (one of whom to be a Justice of the Peace)

of the District where such Road or Roads is or are to be widened; the said five Trustees to be appointed by

a general Meeting of the T ruftees of such District, who shall give at lead ten Days Notice of such View to

the Owner or Owners and Lessees of the Lands where such Road or Roads is or are to be widened.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Road shall be widened, or Houses or

Fences removed, till actual Payment of the Satisfaction so ascertained to be made to the said Owner or

Owners and Lessees of the Lands where such Road or Roads is or are to be widened.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Fences are removed, new and sufficient

Fences shall be made by the Owner or Owners and Lessees of Lands, within eight Calendar Months after

the Removal of such Fences, under Forfeiture of a Sum equal to the Money paid to them for the fame,

such Forfeiture to be applied towards Repair of the Roads in such District.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any seven or

more of them, in a general or District Meeting assembled, shall cause the Roads to be measured, and Stones

or Ports to be erected near the Sides thereof, denoting the Difhnce of each Mile, or such other Distances

as they shall judge convenient: And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, destroy, damage, pull

up, or remove, any such Stones or Posts, or obliterate or deface any Letters or Figures that shall be made,

inlcribed, or put thereon, and (lull be thereof convicted before any one or more Justice or Justices of the

Peace for the County; such Person or Persons so offending shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of

twenty Shillings Sterling for every Stone or Port so wilfully broken, destroyed, damaged, pulled up, re-

moved, obliterated, or defaced; to be levied and recovered in the same Manner as other Penalties are by

this Act directed to be recovered and levied; and such Forfeitures shall be applied, one Moiety to the In-

former, and the other Moiety in repairing the Stones or Posts so broken up, damaged, or defaced, or in

supplying new ones in their Stead; and if there shall he any Overplus of such Forfeitures, the fame shall be

laid out in repairing the said Roads; and in case the Person or Persons so offending and convicted shall have

no sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon such Forfeitures may be levied, then it shall and may be lawful

for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, by Warrant under hi- or their Hand or

Hands, to commit such Person or Persons to the common Gaol of the County, therein to remain for any

Spare not exceeding three Calendar Months, or until the Payment of the Penalty afore fid.

4 XXVI. And whereas it has been found by Experience, That the Sum of trn Shillings Sects, upon

4 each one hunched Pounds Scots of valued Rent, authoiifed to be levied by an Act of the Patliament of

4 Scotia,idy made in the Second Parliament of King Charles the Second, and intituled, An A£!fjr repairing

4 Highways and Bridges, is inefficient for keeping the Roads and Bridges in the said County ir. Repair,* be

it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be in the Power of the Trustees of ra h Di-

strict, at their annual Meeting, to assess the District in a further Sum, not exceeding Tenpence Sterling

upon each one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, to be expended and laid out upon the IFghways and

Bridges within the said D.stuft; and that the old Assessment of ten Shilling5 Scots, on each cr: hundred

Pounds Scots, dial] be, and the fame is heieby reserved to the Disposal of the justices cf Peace rs fornve?Iy.

2 XXV11. Provided

