490 C. 74.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

A.D. 1 779.

of the Peace, at their Quarter or other General Session, with the Approbation and Allowance of the Justices

of Assize, at their then next subsequent Assizes, or, if in Middlesex, by the Justices of his Majesty's Court

of Kings Benchy shall from Time jp Time order and direct; and the iaid Committee, or any two of them,

shall and may appoint a Clerk, to continue during their Pleasure, with such Salary as they shall judge to

be reasonable; which Clerk shall keep regular Adinutcs of the Proceedings of the said Committee; and

the said Committee, or any two of them, are also hereby authorised and required to appoint Hated Meet-

ings, giving two Days Notice thereof, and from Time to Time to adjourn the fame, and at such Hated

and adjourned Meetings, and not otherwise, nor in any less Number, to carry this Act into Execution ;

and at every such Meeting the Chairman of such Committee shall not only have a single Voice or Vote*

but, in case of Equality of Numbers, a decisive or calling Vote.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Penitentiary Houses shall be erefled, and so

fitted up as to be ready or nearly ready for the Reception of the Offenders herein-after directed to be font

thereto, the Committee shall elect such Officers as are herein-after directed, and shall make Provision for

Stock and Materials for the Use and Employment of the Offenders to be confined in the said Penitentiary

Houses; and also shall make Orders for the Regulation of the Lid Houses, and of such Offenders, in such

.......r_._ Cafes as are not by this Ac! particularly provided for; which Orders of Regulation being approved of by

tion, which mu ft the said Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter or other General Seliions, and confirmed and allowed by

be approved by *'— t..a. — - - c a m— .1—:- — --—► a n... — \c: — 7t/I. .1 n ~L.. *u., T../I:«u«

the Justices,

Sec. before they

are carried into

Execution.

Committee to

appoint a Clerk,

who shall minute

their Proceed-

ings.

Committee to

ele&OfficerSjand

pi ovi vie Materials

for employing

Ofrcmiers;

and to make Or-

ders ot Ref ula

Enumeration of

Officers to be

appjinted by the

Committeej

who shall allow

them Salaries.

Salaries of Go.

wernors and

Task-masters to

arise at much at

possible from the

Profitt of Work

dene in the

Houset.

Committee may,

with such Ap-

probation at

aforesaid, vary

the Number of

Officers.

The Governor of

each House to be

a Body Corpo-

rwe, and account*

able for the Con-

duit of hit Ser-

vants.

Governor im-

powered to con-

trait for Cloth-

ing, D et, Sec,

necessary for the

Offenders, with

the Approbation

of the Commit-

tee.

Accounts relat-

ing to the Main-

tenance of each

House, &c. to

be entered in a

Boole.

Duty of the

Stere-keeper and

Talk master.

the Justices of Assize at their then next subsequent Assizes, or, if in Middlesex y by the Justices of the

Court of Kings Benchy shall be carried into Execution; and the said Committee shall, in like Manner,

from Time to Time, as often as they shall think necessary, make any other Oiders of Regulation, as well

fof Repeal of such Orders before made, as by way of Addition thereto, which, before they are carried into

Execution, shall also be approved of, confirmed, and allowed by the Justices aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That for the Regulation and Management of each of such Penitentiary

Houses, and previously to the opening thereof for the Reception of Offenders, there shall be eleCted and

appointed by the said Committee, a Governor, a Chaplain, a Surgeon or Apothecary, a Storekeeper, and

a Task-mafier; and also, in the House set apart for Female Convicts, a Matron; and in each of them, fu* h

other Officers as the said Committee, with such Approbation, Confirmation, and Allowance, as aforesaid,

shall judge necessary; and such Officers shall from Time to Time be removeable by any Order of the said

Committee; and when any Vacancy shall happen, new Officers shall be elected by the fame Authority;

and such Salaries and other Allowances shall be made to the said Officers, with such Approbation, Con-

firmation, and Allowance, as aforesaid, and also such of them from whom the said Committee may deem it

proper to require Security for the due and faithful Execution of their Offices, shall give such Security ac-

cordingly, as the said Committee from Time to Time shall direct.

XVIII. Provided always, That the Salaries of the respective Governors and Talk-masters shall totally.

If possible, or at leafi in great Measure, arise from the Profits of the Work that shall be done and per-*

formed in each several Penitentiary House; and the said Committee is hereby required, with such Appro-

bation, Confirmation, and Allowance, as aforesaid, so to order and appoint such Salaries, that the fame

may bear a conffant Proportion to the Quantity of Labour performed in each several House, and that it

may become the Interest, as well as Duty, of each Governor and Task-mafier to fee that all Persons un-

der his and their Custody and Direction be regularly and profitably employed.

XIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com-

mittee, from Time to Time, with such Approbation, Confirmation, and Allowance as aforesaid, ta

increase, diminish, discontinue, or vary the Number of Officers to be appointed for any such House in

pursuance of the Directions aforesaid, except by taking away or discontinuing any of the Offices of Go-

vernor, Matron, Chaplain, and Surgeon or Apothecary to the fame.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Governor of every such Penitentiary House shall be a Body

Corporate, and shall sue and be sued, by the Name of The Governor of the Penitentiary House for Maks (or

for Femalesy as the Cafe shall require), in the Parish or Place wherein it shall happen to be lituated; and

shall from Time to Time employ such Servants, Overseers, and Affifiants, as he shall think proper and

necessary, and for whose Conduct he shall be answerable; provided that the said Governor do employ no

other but Males, in the Houses set apart for Male Convicts, and Females, where the Work can be per-

formed by Females, in such as shall be set apart for Female ConviCts.

XXL And be it further enacted, That the said Governor shall also have Power to make Contrasts with

any Persons whomsoever, for the Clothing, Diet, and all other Necessaries for the Maintenance and

Support of the Offenders confined in such House, for Implements or Materials of any Kind of Manufac-

ture, Trade, or Mystery, in which Offenders confined in such House shall be employed, such Contracts

being previously approved by the Committee, and also to carry on such Manufacture and Mystery inYuch

House, and to fell such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as shall be there wrought and manufactured;

and the Governor of every such Penitentiary House shall cause all Accounts touching the Maintenance of

such House* and the Offenders therein, to be entered regularly in a Book or Books to be kept for that Pur-

pose; and also the Governor and Storekeeper shall each keep separate Accounts of all such Stock and Ma-

terials as shall be brought into such House for employing such Offenders; and such Stock and Materials

shall from Time to Time be delivered out by the said Storekeeper, as Occasion shall require, to the Task-

master, who shall give Receipts to such Storekeeper for the fame, and shall distribute the fame amorgit the

several Offenders to be employed in working thereon; and such Task-mafier, or his Affifiants, shall con-

ftantly superintend the Work of the said Offenders, and take an Account of every Neglect of Work, or other

Miffiehaviour, and likewise of any extraordinary Diligence or good Behaviour in any of such Offenders,

and from Time to Time shall report the fame to the Governor, who shall cause the fame to be entered in a

Book to be kept for that Purpose; and such Task-mafier shall also keep Accounts of the Quantities daily

worked by the several Offenders, and shall return the Materials, when wrought and manufactured, to the

Storekeeper j

