A. D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C. 10. 325

present Service, or for other sufficient Reasons, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to suspend or revive the

JExeeution of this Act, with respect to the whole of Great Britain, or any Part thereof, by Proclamation

or Order in Council, or other public Notice in the London Gazette, or by Notice from his Majesty’s Secre-

tary at War; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIV. Provided also, That his Majesty, when he shall judge it expedient for his Service, may

at any Time suspend the Execution of this Act, in any County or Place of Great Britain, by No-

tice from his Majesty’s Secretary at War; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-

standing.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all Persons who shall enter as Volunteers

during the Continuance of this Act, shall be intitled to the fame Bounties, Privileges, Immunities, and

Advantages, as are herein granted to such Volunteers, notwithstanding any such Sulpension as afore -

Taid.

4 LVI. And whereas it may often be expedient for his Majesty’s Service, that the Commissioners hereby

c appointed shall execute this Act in Cities, Towns, or other Places, when it may not be convenient

c to enforce the Execution thereof through the County in which such City, Town, or Place, shall be re-

4 spectively situate;> be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Mayor or other Chief

Magistrate of any City, Town, or Place, shall, upon receiving Notice for that Purpose from the Secretary

at War, immediately proceed to put this Act in Execution, within their respective Jurisdictions, in the

same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Mayor or other Chief Magistrate had received such

Notice from the Sheriff of the County in which such City, Town, or Place, shall be respectively situate ;

any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 LVII. And, forasmuch as great Inconveniencies may happen by impressing Men during the Time of

4 Harvest,* be it therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of

May* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, until the twenty-fifth Day of October following, no

Harvest Labourer, or Person working at Hay Harvest or Corn Harvest Work, within the Time afore-

said, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be imprcfled by virtue of this Act, but shall be free and

exempted from the same, during the Time aforesaid, provided they have a Certificate, under the Hands of

the Minister, and of one Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, or Elders, of the Parish or Place whero

they live, allowed under the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace of the same County, Shire, Stew-

artry. Riding, City, or Place; which Certificate shall be given gratis.

4 LVIII. And, for the more easy and better putting this Act into Execution,* be it enacted by the Authority

aforesaid. That any three or more Commissioners for putting this Alt in Execution in the several Ridings

of the County of York (being Justices of the Peace, though not all of the fame Riding) may, within the

Castleof York, or Limits thereof, execute the Powers of this A£h

4 LIX. And whereas divers Soldiers who have deserted his Majesty*s Service, have been harboured in a

4 certain Place called Threapwood, lying within or near the Counties of Chester ahd Flint* or one of them,

4 and adjoining to the Town of Cuddington, in the said County of Chester* be it further enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners hereby appointed for the County of Chester* and the Officers

of the said Town of Cuddington* shall execute this A& in the said Place called Threapwood* according to

the true Intent and Meaning thereof.

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this A&* and every Thing therein

contained, shall be and continue in Force until the first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and

eighty, and no longer.

LaL And be it further enacted, That the Forms of Proceedings relative to the several Matters contained

in this Act, which are set forth and expressed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be used upon all

Occasions, with such Additions and Variations only as may be necessary to adapt them to the particular

Exigencies of the Cafe ; and that no Objection shall be made or Advantage taken for want of Form in any

such Proceedings by any Person or Persons whomsoever.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Entries, which the Corn-

mi flioners for executing this A & are required to make, of the Names and Descriptions of all Vo-

lunteers, and also of all impressed Men, together with the other Particulars herein-before directed, shall be

made according to the Form hereunto annexed.

Number of Men

fta'l be raise J.

may, by Procla-

mation, ftc. fuf-

pend the E^cu-

tion of this Act j

or may luO nd

or enforce it in

any County or

Place.

Volunteers to

enjoy ail their

Privileges, &c.

notwithstanding

such Suspension.

Chief Magistrate

of Cities, See.

upon Notice

from the Secre-

tary at War, to

enforce this Act

within their Ju*

rifdiftiuns.

Labourer! hav-

rnz proper Cer-

tificate, nut

liable to be im-

pressed from

May 15, to

Oft. 25,

Comm iHion era

for executing

this Act within

the Castle of

York.

Commissionera

for executing

this Act in

Threapwood.

Continuance of

this Act.

Forma of Pro-

ceedings to be

used as set forth

in the Schedule.

Form prescribed

for making En-

tries purfuaot to

this Act.

Recruit's Name. Parish. Height, Age. Defcrlption of the Recruit. For what Corpaia- prdied. For what Corpa in- lifted vo- luntarily. Sum paid. By whom paid. Gfticer who re- ceived or refused the Recruit, and on what Day. On what Grounds refused.

Feet. Inches.

Vot. XIII. Part III.

U u

The

