328

Lifts to be trans-

mitted to the

Clerk of the

Peace.

Commissioner*

reglefting, Juf-

ticet may make

of Lifts,

and examine and

correct them.

Persons liable in

Statute-work.

Power to convert

the Statute-

work.

Grass Grounds.

Wo*k to be done

by Persons who

keep more Carts,

Horsest &c than

used for Culti-

vation of their

Lands ;

and by Cot-

tagers, &c.

Seed-time and

Harvest ex-

empted.

Not more than

three Miles dif-

tant.

Commissioners

may excuie in-

digent Persons.

Miners, Colliers,

See.

Application of

the Statute-

work.

The Statute-

work of any

Parish may be

applied in re-

pairing the*

Roads in the

Parish adjoining;

not exceeding

Comnnissioners

to determine

what Roads are

to be repaired.

Payment of

Convcrhon Mo-

nies.

P;rfons not per-

forming Sia’ute-

labt nr iheir Ef-

ft&s to be

poinded.

C. 12. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

they shall think proper: And that Copies of these Lifts shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace, and

entered in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose; and likewise Copies of all subsequent Alterations

the Commissioners may find it necessary to make upon them, which they are hereby empowered to do.

V. And be it furher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners shall neglect to

make up avrd transmit their Lifts, as herein directed, on or before the first Tuesday of June, one thousand

seven hundred and seventy-nine, the Tuftices of the Peace of the County, at their Quarter Sections, or at

any Adjournment thereof, shall have rower to make up the fame, and to execute every other Part of this

Act in the same Manner as the Commissioners are hereby directed to do; and the Justices, at their Quar-

ter Sessions, shall have Power to examine into the Lifts, and correct Errors therein; and that Persons

thinking themselves aggrieved by any of the aforesaid Lifts may appeal to the Quarter Sessions, or to any

adjourned Meeting thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Pofleflors of Lands shall furnish to

the Highways, for fix Days yearly, one Cart with two able Horses, and one able Servant, or two Carts,

with one able Horse and one able Servant for each Cart, or Wains in Proportion, where the Custom is

to work with Oxen; and that for each Plough-gate of Land they possess; and so in Proportion for

Three-fourths, One-half, and One-quarter of a Plough-gate.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners in their respective

PariChes shall have Power to demand a Conveifion in Money for the Whole or any Part of the Statute-

work, not exceeding the ordinary Rate of Labour in that Part of the County for Carts, Wains, Horses, and

Oxen ; and not exceeding Six-pence Sterling per Day for each Householder.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where the Tenant is debarred from

the Liberty of Tillage, the Heritor, or Setter, shall be obliged to furnish the Statute-labour; or, at his

Option, to pay the converted Value.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Persons keepingmore Carts and Horses,

,or Wains and Work-oxen, than are used for the Cultivation of the Land they possess, shall furnish yearly

fix Days Work of the Half of such additional Carts and Horses, or Wains and Work-oxen, or in their

Option shall pay the converted Value; and that Persons keeping more Draught or Carriage Horses than

necessary for their Ploughs and Carts, shall furnish yearly three Days Work with a double Cart, for each

Pair of such additional Horses, or in their Option pay the converted Value; and that Householders or Cot-

tagers, and all labouring Men (not being Servants nired by the Year or Half Year, nor liable to furnish

Carts), shall work themselves upon the High Roads for three Days yearly, instead of the fix Days now

required by Law, or in their Option pay Six-pence Sterling for each Day’s Work; and that the Statute-

work shall be performed at any Time when required by the Overseers (except during Seed-time and

Harvest), upon Notice being given in the respective Parish Churches, at least four Days before the Work

is to be performed ; and that no Persons shall be compelled to furnish or perform Statute-labour, at a greater

Distance than three measured Miles from their Place of Residence; and that the Commissioners of the re-

spective Parishes may, at their Discretion, exempt indigent Persons, either from working, or paying Con-

version, especially such as have three or more Children under fourteen Years of Age.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Miners, Colliers, Salters, and

Workmen at Furnaces, of the Age of twenty Years, or upwards, shall perform three Days Work

yearly upon the Highways, or in the Option of their Employers pay the converted Value.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Application of the Statute-work,

and of the Money arising from the Conversions, and of all other Monies destined by this Act for repairing

the High Roads and Bridges, shall be put under the foie Direction and Management of the Commissioners

aforesaid of the Parish from which the fame shall arise ; to be applied for repairing and keeping in Repair

the High Roads and Bridges within the respective Parishes, and to no other rurposes whatever.

XII. Provided always, That it shall be lawful to the Commissioners, at their dated or adjourned Meet-

ings, to apply any Part of the Statute-work of their Parish, in repairing such Roads in any next adjoin-

ing Parish, as lead to or from their own Parish.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, That the Statute-labour so to be applied in such next adjoining Parish*

stall not extend to a greater Distance than three measured Miles from the Parish where such Statute* labour

is directed to be performed.

three Mila* distant.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of each Parish shall,

at a Meeting to be held on the first Tuesday in April yearly, with Power of Adjournment, determine what

Roads in the respective Parishes are to be repaired that Year; and make such Allocations of the Statute-

work, and such Appropriation of the Conversion Monies, as to them shall seem proper for snaking ths

said Repairs : And failing their Meeting on the first Tuesday of April, they shall meet upon every succes-

five Tuesday of that Month; and failing any such Meeting, upon any Day, previous Notice, by Order of

any one Commissioner of the Parish, being made by the Reader from his Delkpn a Sunday > at least ten

Days before the Meeting, with Power of Adjournment.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the whole of the Conversion Monies

shall be paid to the Collector within ten Days after being demanded by Intimation' from the Reader’s^

Dellcon a Sunday.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person, liable by this

Act, shall refuse or delay to perform his or her Statute-labour when required by the Person appointed to

oversee the Performance thereof, or to pay his or her Composition Money as aforesaid, it shall be lawful

for any Commissioner in the Parish, where such Statute-labour is to be performed, or Composition paid in

Lieu of the fame, or any Part thereof, to issue a summary Warrant for poinding his or her Effects for the

Composition

