484

the Militif; &c.

repealed.

Persons intitled

to Half-pay not

to forfeit it

whilst they serve

at Lieutenants,

&c. in the Mili-

tia. ,

New Oath for

Half-pay Offi-

cers serving in

the Militia.

Half-pay not to

be forfeited for

serving as Lieu-

tenant, &c. in

the Fencible#.

C. 72.' Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779/

signs serving in the Militia, and the Oath therein directed to be taken by them, be, and the fame is hereby

repealed.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who is intitled to Half-

pay shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such Half-pay during the Time he shall serve as Lieutenant,

Ensign, Adjutant, Quarter-master, or Surgeon, in any Regiment of Militia, but that the fame shall never-

theless continue; and instead of the Oath now appointed, such Officer {hall take the following

Oath :

* J A. B. do swear. That I had not, between the any Place

4 or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half-pay,

* as a reduced in v late Regiment of (or

4 Allowance as in late Troop of Horse Guards, or

4 Regiment of Horse reduced), save and except my Pay as Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quarter-master,

* or Surgeon (as the Cafe may be)y for serving in a Regiment of Militia/

And the taking of the said Oath {hall be sufficient to intitle such Person to receive his Half-pay, or the said

Allowance, without taking any other Oath ; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Law, Statute,

or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who is intitled to HaJf-pay

{hall be deemed or feken to forfeit or quit such Half-pay, during the Time he {hall serve as a Lieutenant,

Ensign, Adjutant, Quarter-marter, or Surgeon, in any Regiment of Fencible Men, but that the fame

{hall nevertheless continue; and instead of the Oath now appointed, such Officer {hall take the following

Oath :

New Oath for

Half-pay Offi-

cers serving in

the Fencible#.

Serjeants on the

Establishment of

Chelsea HospitaJ

nt 1 s. a Day,

seeing appointed

to serve in the

Tencibles, shall

The Duty of

Clerks of Sub-

division Meet*

ings.

Recital of Part

of the Militia

Act % Geo. IIL

relating to Sub-

division Meet-

ing*.

Every Person

ballotted pur-

suant to the Mi-

litia Laws, at

any Subdivision

Ale?ting, shall

be inrolled ; and

every Substituie

subs*ribe hi.

Consent to serve

for three Years.

Recital of a

Clauie in the

Militia Alt k8

Geo. 111.

4 J A- B. do swear. That I had not, between the any Place or Employment of

4 Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, befide9 my Allowance of Half-pay, as a reduced

4 in late Regiment of (or Allowance as- in

4 late Troop of Horse Guards, or Regiment of Horse reduced}, save and

4 except my Pay as a Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quarter-master, or Surgeon (as the Cafe may be)> for

* serving in a Regiment of Fencible Men/

And the taking of the said Oath {hall be sufficient to intitle such Person to receive his Half-pay, or the said

Allowance, without taking any other Oath; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Law, Sta-

tute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person being a Serjeant on the Efta-

bliftiment of Chelsea Hospital, at an Allowance of Twelve-pence a Day, and, being appointed to serve in any

Corps of Fencible Men, shall and may receive the said Allowance of Twelve-pence a Day, together with

his Pay from the said Corps of Fencible Men; any Law, Usage, or Custotn, to the contrary nbtwith-

standing.

receive the said Allowance, together with their Pay in the Fencibles.

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk or Clerks of the Subdivision

Meetings {hall, after any Subdivision Meeting hath been appointed, give reasonable Notice in Writing, of

the Time and Place appointed for the fame, to every Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace who

shall be resident within the said Subdivision; and also to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, if on

actual Service, or, if not on actual Service, to the Colonel thereof, an Account of the Days fixed for re-

ceiving Lifts, ballotting and swearing in the Men, of such Subdivision; and {hall, as soon as the Men are

sworn in, likewise transmit to the Commanding Officer or Colonel as aforesaid, a List, specifying the

Names, Trades, and usual Places of Abode, of such Men as are sworn, and, if Substitutes, the Names,

Trades, and Places of Abode, of the Principals in the Room of whom they were sworn.

4 XX. And whereas, by an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti—

4 tuled. An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one A Cl of Parliament, the everal Laws now in being

4 relating to the raising and trainingthe Militia within that Part 0/Great Britain called England, it isenacted,

4 That, in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, where the Militia has been, or {hall be, raised, four

4 Subdivision Meetings shall, on the last Tuesday \t\ May, or on the last Tuesday in October, be appointed

4 for the Purposes of the said Act; and several Directions, Provisions, and Penalties, are contained in the

4 said Act, respecting the ballotting, inrolling, and providing Substitutes, and for other Purposes, to be

4 done at such four Subdivision Meetings: And whereas Subdivision Meetings are likewise, by the said

4 Act, directed to be held, upon seven Days Notice being given, for filling up Vacancies in the Militia,

4 and for other Purposes therein mentioned ; but Doubts have arisen whether the several Powers, Provi-

4 fions, and Penalties, in the said Act contained, can extend to enforce the Orders made at any other Sub-

4 division Meeting than at the four that may be appointed by the General Meetings on the last Tuesday in

* May, or on the last: Tuesday in October \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all

Cafes where Ballots are directed to be taken by any of the Laws relating to the Militia, every Person

chosen pursuant to the said Acts, at any Subdivision Meeting thereby appointed, {hall be inrolled, and

every Substitute provided shall subscribe his Consent to serve, and shall serve in the said Militia for the

Space of three Years, and shall be liable and subject to all the several Directions, Provisions, and Penal-

ties, in the said herein before recited Act of the second of his present Majesty contained, or in any other

Act relating to the Militia of this Kingdom.

4 XXL And whereas, by the said Act of the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, Power is given to

4 the Deputy Lieutenants and Justices, upon Certificate from the Commanding Officer of any Regiment,

4 Battalion,

