A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. C. 23, 24. 197

4t granted this Sefilon ; and shall be paid to the Proprietors, without any Deduction, on March 1, 1779,

* bfc. Managers to give Notice of the Tirafes for exchanging Tickets for Certificates. Certificates to be

“ numbered, &V. and signed, &V. No Fee to be taken for receiving or paying Contribution-monies, or

4f for any Receipts, &c. on Penalty of 201. General Issue. Treble Costs.”

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raijed in Great Britain, for the Service of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eighty together with those named in two former Acts for

appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for allowing the Re-importation of unmanufactured Tohacco from Fpreign Parts,

although the fame may have been fold abroad; and the Importation of Tobacco the

Growth and Product of the Island of Dominica^ under certain Regulations and Reftrio

tions.

4 TlfHERE AS Tobacco, and other foreign Goods, exported from Great Britain to Holland, and Preamble,

4 W other foreign Parts of Europe, are frequently returned from thence for Want of a Market abroad,

4 and are permitted to be entered in this Kingdom, at the fame Ports fropi whence they were so exported,

* upon the Proprietors proving the Identity of the Goods so returned, and that the Property has not been

* changed since the Exportation thereof: And whereas it is expedient to permit, for a limited Time, un-

4 manufactured Tobacco so exported to be returned into any Port within this Kingdom, although the fame

4 may have been fold abroad ;* be it therefore enabled by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the thirteenth Day of Aprily one thou-

sand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and until the first Day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, any unmanufactured

Tobacco, which shall have been or may be exported from any Port in Great Britain to any foreign Parts in

Europe, may be re-imported and returned by any Person or Persons, in any Ship or Vessel, into any Port

in Great Britain^ under the following Restrictions, whether such Tobacco hath been fold in foreign Parts

after the Exportation thereof, or not, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Tobacco shall

be returned in the original Packages in which the fame was exported from this Kingdom, and in no other,

having also the fame Marks and Numbers as were set on them by the Officers of his Majesty’s Customs at

the Time of their original Importation into this Kingdom, excepting only in such Cafes where, from

Length of Time or Reparation of Casks, some Part of the Marks and Numbers being obliterated, the re-

maining Part shall be satisfactory to the Commissioners or principal Officers of his Majesty’s Customs of the

Ports to which such Tobacco shall be returned ; and the Importer or Owner of such Tobacco shall make

Proof on Oath, before the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of his Majesty’s Customi,

at the Port where such Tobacco shall be re-imported (which Oath, they are hereby authorised to admi-

nifter), that the Tobacco so returned is, to the best of their Knowledge and Belief, British Plantation To-

bacco, and was originally exported from this Kingdom, having been bought for him or them, by his or

their Agents, as such ; and such Tobacco shall be liable to the fame Duties as would have been due for the

fame upon the first Importation thereof into this Kingdom; which Duties shall not be afterwards drawn

back or allowed upon the Re-exportation of such Tobacco to any Parts beyond the Seas, except to Ire-

land\ and such Tobacco shall, in all other Respects not altered by this Act, be subject to the fame Restric-

tions. Rules, and Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, as it would be subject and liable to if this Act

had not been made.

4 And whereas, by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An

4 Act for opening and e/lablishing certain Ports in the If ends of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Im-

4 portation and Exportation of certain Goods, and Merchandize ; for granting certain Duties to defray the Ex-

4 peaces of opening, maintaining, fearing, and improving, such Ports ; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid

4 upon the Importation of Goods from the J'aid If and of Dominica into this Kingdom ; and for securing the Duties

4 upon Goods importedfrom the said If and into any other British Colony)y it is amongst other Things enacted,

4 That all Goods and Commodities of American Produce which shall be imported into Great Britain (ex-

4 cept such Quantities of Sugar and Rum as shall be imported by Certificate, as therein after is mentioned),

* Thai I be deemed and taken to be Goods and Commodities of thS Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of

€ foreign Colonies or Plantations, and shall be liable to the fame Duties, Regulations, and Restrictions,

* Penalties and Forfeitures, in all Ref|>edis as the like Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of

4 any French Colony or Plantation would be liable to by Law : And whereas, in order to encourage the

* Growth of Tobacco in the said Island of Dominica, it is expedient to permit the Importation of it from

* thence into this Kingdom, under the like Limitations and ReftridHons as Sugar and Rum may, determined by the

* said recited A cl, be imported from thence;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That,

from and after the passing of this Act, any Tobacco, being the Growth and Product of the said Island of

Dominica, may be imported from thence into Great Britain, under Certificate, in like Manner, and under

such Regulations and Restrictions, as Sugar and Rum, the Growth and Produce of the said Island, are

Vol. XIII. Part II. D d allowed,

Unmanufac- '

tured Tobacco

exported from

Great Britai.i

iray be re-im-

ported, during

a limited Time:

Such Tobacco to

be returned in

the original

-Packages, with

the fame Marks

and Number;,

&c.

and the Im-

porter, &c. to

make Oath that

it is British

Plantation To-

bacco, and was

exported from

this Kingdom.

Duties to be paid

for the fame.

Preamble;

reciting arTAft

6 Geo. lill

Tobacco, the

Pruduft of Do-

n ?n c *, rrav tc

i1 po ?e 'P o

Gtcu Britain,

under such

