A.D. 1779.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

c. 74.'

♦93

Fees to be paid to

the Clerk of Af-

size, Sec, and to

the Sheriff or

Gaoler.

Kind ;

and those of left

Ability are to be

employed in left

laborious Work*

Offenders during

the Hous* of

Rest, to be lodged

XXX. And be it farther enacted, That the Clerk of Assize, or other Clerk of the Court, shall have

the fame Fee, Gratuity, or Satisfaction, on granting such Certificate, and the Sheriff or Gaoler shall have

the fame Fee on delivering out of his Custody any mch Offender so to be ordered to any such Penitentiary

House, or other Place of hard Labour, as hath usually been paid, and would hate been due to them re*

spectively, if such Offender had been sentenced to Transportation, except in the Cafe of Petty Larceny,

wherein they shall have only such Fees as have usually and of Right been paid upon Conviction for the said Such Fccg> >fu!

Offence, and Judgment to be whipped for the fame; and such Fees, Gratuities, and Satisfaction, and also the Expends of

all Expences to be incurred by any Sheriff or Gaoler in the Conveyance of any such Offender whatever to cpnveying of-

the House or Place to be appointed for his or her Confinement, such Expences being previously examined to their

and allowed by the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter or other General Session, shall be paid by the ^|^®([tLot”*bc

Treasurer of the County or Place for which the Court in which such Offender shall be convicted shall have by the

been held, to such Clerk of Assize, or other Clerk of the Court, and to such Sheriff or Gaoler, respec- County Tres-

tively, and every such Treasurer shall be allowed every futh Payment in his Accounts. surer.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That after Delivery of any such Offender as aforesaid into the Cuf- Governor or Su-

tody to which he or flic shall be ordered or adjudged, such Governor or Superintendant, or other Person pcHntendant to

having the Custody of Offenders under his Direction, shall, during the Term for which such Offender p^h0cv, Qft-.

shall be ordered to hard Labour, have the fame Powers over such Offender as are incident to the Office of fenderi!nbis

a Sheriff or Gaoler and in case of any Abuse of such Custody, or other Misbehaviour or Negligence in cofMy »* a

the Discharge of his Office, shall be liable to the fame Punishment as a Gaoler is now liable to by Law. sheriffo* Gaoler.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every such Governor of each such Penitentiary Houses shall, All offender* in

during the Term prefertbed for the Imprisonment and hard Labour of such Offender, keep him or her, so the Penitentiary

far as may be confident with his or her Sex, Age, Health, and Ability, to Labour of the hardest and most *Joufesf whb°care

servile Kind, in which Drudgery is chiefly required, and where the Work is little liable to be spoiled by bef['o Labour

Ignorance, Neglect, or Obstinacy, and where th* Materials or Tools are not easily stolen or embezzled, Df imdeft

such as treading in a Wheel, or drawing in a Capftern, for turriink a Mill or other Machine or Engine, and most servile

(awing Stone, policing Marble, beating Hemp, rasping Logwood, chopping Rags, making Cordage, or

any other hard and laborious Service; and those of less Health and Ability, Regard being also had to Age

and Sex, in picking Oakum, weaving Sacks, spinning Yarn, knitting Nets, or any other less laborious

Employment: And if the Work to be performed by any such Offenders shall be of such a Nature as may

require previous Instruction, proper Persons shall be provided to give the fame, by Order of the said Com*

mktec, to whom a suitable Allowance shall be made.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That such Offenders as shall be sent to either of such Penitentiary

Houses shall, during their Hours of Rest, be kept entirely separate and apart from each other, and be

lodged in separate Rooms or Cells, not exceeding twelve Feet in Length* eight Feet in Breadth, and eleven .....

Feet in Heighth, not less than ten Feet in Length, seven Feet in Breadth, and nine Feet in Height, and Room<»

without any Window Within fix Feet of the respeAive Floors; which Rooms or Cells shall be dried and

moderately warmed, in damp or cold Weather* by Flues from the Fires in the Kitchens, and other public

Fires belonging to each House; and the said Offenders shall also, during their Hours of Labour, in case the and during the

Nature of their several Employments will permit, be in like Manner kept separate and apart from each u........f

other; and where the Nature of the Employment may require two Persons to work together, the Room

in which fifth two Persons shall work shall be of suitable Dimensions; and if the Nature of the Work

Wherein any such Offenders shall be employed shall require the Labour of many Persons at one Time, a

common Work-room or Shed shall be allotted to them for that Purpose; but during the Time the Offenders

are employed in such common Work*room or Shed, the Governor of the said House, or the Talk-matter,-.willallow,

or one or more of their Servants or Affiftartts, shall bt constantly present, to attend to the Behaviour of

such Offenders; and such two or more Persons shall not be fuffefed to continue together, except during

the Hours of Labour, and Divine Service, and the Times respectively allotted for their Meals ana

Airings.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That such Offenders shall be employed in Work* at the said

Penitentiary Houses, every Day in the Year, except Sundays, Christmas-daj, and Geod-Friday, and also

except such Days when ill Health will not allow of their wonting; and the Hours of Work in each Day

shall be as many as the Season of the Year, with an Interval of Half an Hour for Breakfast, and an Hour

for Dinner, will permit, but not exceeding eight Hours in the Months of November, December, and Ja-

nuary^ nine Hours in the Months of February and Ofiober9 and ten Hours in the rest of the Year; and

when such Hours of Work are passed, the working Tools, Implements, and Materials, or such of them as

will admit of daily Removal, shall be removed to Places proper for thtir (afe Custody, and there be kept till

the Hour of Labour shall return.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Offender who shall be ordered to either of such Peni-

tentiary Houses shall, during the Time of his or her Confinement therein, be fed and (attained with Bread,

and any coarse Meat, or other inferior Food, and Water, or small Beer: and also be clothed with a coarse

and uniform Apparel, with certain obvious Marks or Badges affixed to the fame, as well to humiliate the

Wearers as to facilitate Discovery in case of Escapes; the Whole to be ordered in such Manner as the Com-

mittee aforesaid shall from Time to Time appoint for those Purposes; and no such Offender shall, during

the Time of his or her Confinement, be permitted to have any other Food, Drink, or Clothing, than such

as shall be so appointed; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully supply any such Offender, at any Time

during the Term of his or her Confinement, with any Food, Drink, or Clothing, other than such as shall

be fq appointed, or with any Money, he or she so supplying such Offender shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Officer or Servant of either of such Penitentiary Houses if §nj Officer or

shall supply arty of the Offenders therein with any Money, Clothing, Provisions, or Diet, or with any Semotin either

Vol. A III. Part III. Sff Spirituous Of the Peahen-

Hour* of Labour

also to be kept

separate at much

as the Na-

ture of their

Employ menu

The Hours of

Work in differ-

ent Parts of th«

Year.

How the Offend-

ers shall be fc4

and clothed*

Penalty on /ap-

plying them with

other Food or

Clothing.

