A.D. 1777. Anno decimo leptimo Georgii III.

C. 7- U

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lord High Admiral of CommifiWer*

Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for °rU;e Admi'

the Time being, or any three or more of them, or any Person or Persons by him or them impowered and [,jJjVrrh Com-

appointed,' shall and may, from and after the twentieth Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and min;on*to

seventy-seven, at the Request of any Merchant or Merchants, being Owner or Owners of any Ship or Commanders of

Vessel employed in Trade, or retained in his Majesty’s Service, giving such Bail and Security as is herein- Vend*, for

after mentioned and expressed, cause to be issued forth one or more Commission or Commissions, to any JJc‘bcion ^ to

Person or Persons whom such Merchant or Merchants shall nominate to be Commander, or in case of the ^beM 00s

Death successively Commanders of such Ship or Vessel, for the attacking, surprising, seizing, and taking. Colonies, &c.

by and with such Ship or Vessel, or with the Crew thereof, all Ships and Vessels, Goods, Wares, and

Merchandizes, Chattels and Effects whatsoever, belonging to the Inhabitants of the said Colonies now in

Rebellion ; and all Ships and Vessels, with their Cargoes, Apparel, and Furniture, belonging to his Ma-

jesty’s Subjects in Great Britain or Ireland, which shall be found trading to or from the said Colonies, con-

trary to the Provisions of the said A61 of Parliament; and that such Ships and Vessels, Goods, Wares, AilPimto

Merchandizes, Chattels and Effects, so to be taken by or with such Ship or Vessel, according to such Jaff- l,rl(,ne tuc

mentioned Commission or Commissions (being first adjudged lawful Prize in any of his MajeAy’s Courts of Glsl

Admiralty), shall wholly and intirely belong to, and be divided between and among, such Owner and

Owners of such Ship and Vessel, and the several Persons W’ho shall be on Board the fame, and be aiding

and assisting to the taking thereof, in such Shares and Proportions as shall be agreed on with such Owner

or Owners of such Ship or Vessel as shall be the Captor thereof, their Agents or Factors, as the proper

Goods and Chattels of such Owner or'Owners, and the Persons that shall be intiiied thereto by virtue of

such Agreements amon^ themselves; and that neither his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Ad-

miral, Vice-admiral, Governor, or other Person commissioned by, or claiming under, his Majesty, his

Heirs or Successors, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, other than the Owner of such Ship or Vessel

being the Captor of such Prize, Ship or Vessel, Cargo, Apparel, and Furniture, and the Persons claiming

under him or them, shall be inti tied to any Part or Share thereof (except as to the Cu (loins and Duties),

any Custom, Statute, or other Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always. That nothing in this A61 contained shall intitle any Ship having a Commission, Except when

and which shall receive Orders from, and put herself under the Convoy of any of h‘s Majesty’s Ships or

Vessels, to (h ire in any Prize or Prizes taken by such Convoy, or by such Ship having a Commission, fiorea Ships are

whilst the said commissioned Ship shall remain under the Care and Protection of such Convoy. under Convoy.

III. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, 1 hat it shall and may be lawful to and for Commissioner*

the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High of" the Ad n -

Admiralof Great Britain for the Time being, or any three or more of them, at any Time or Times here- n’ty rev ke

after, to revoke and make void, by any Order or Orders in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands,

any Commission or Commissions which shall be issued forth to any Person or Persons who shall be nomi- ltn> c*

nated Commander or Commanders of any Ship or Vessel, by virtue of this Act.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being shall, with all con- Secretary of the

venient Speed, after any and every such Commission shall be so revoked, cause Notice thereof in Writing Admiralty to

to be forthwith sent to the Owner or Owners, or Agent or Agents, Surety or Sureties, or some one of

them, of the Ship or Vessel named or described in such Older of Revocation; and in case such Ship or tn^hc OaIco'01

Vessel shall be in the Channel, the said Order of Revocation shall be effectual to superfede and annul the ’

said Commission at the Expiration of twenty Days from and after such Notice given as aforesaid, or sooner,

if Notice shall be actually given in Writing, by the Secretary of the Admiralty, to the Captain or Com-

mander thereof; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be to the Southward of Ca/e Fi'di/ferre, at the Expi-

ration of six Weeks; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in North America, or the IF-ji Indies, at the

Expiration of three Months : And any Commander or Commanders, Owner or Owners, Agent or Agents, who com-

Surety or Sureties, of any such Ship or Vessel, whereof such Commission or Commissions, issued or to he* rij n d" 10

issued forth as aforesaid, shall be so revoked, may complain thereof to his M'.jetty in Council, within thirty J\,s m

D ays next after the Secretary of the Admiralty for the l ime being (h ill cause Norice thereof to be given as runc4 ’

aforesaid ; and the Determination of his Majesty in Council, touching every such Complaint, shall be

find.

V. Provided always, That in case any such Greer of Revocation shall be fupeifeded, such Commission

shall be deemed and taken to have continued in Force, and nil Prizes taken by virtue thereof shall belong

to, and be the Property of, such Owners and Captors, in such Manner as the fame would have been, in

case such Order of Revocation had not been mace.

VI. Provided also, That no Person shall be liable to be puniftmd for doing, before he shall have received

personal Notice of such Order of Revocation, any Matter or Thing which he might have lawfully dune

under the Authority of such Commission, in case such Order of Revocation had not been made

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before the granting or bluing of any

Commission in pursuance of this Act, such Bail and Security shall be taken as have been ufua! upon the

granting or ifi’uing of Commissions for private Ships of War; and thar, previous to the taking of !uch Bail

and Security, the Persons who propose to be bound and give such Security, shall severally make Oath,

before the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty of England, or his Surrogitc, or other Person or Persons

by such Judge or Surrogate lawfully commissioned, that, at the l ime of their being sworn, they are re-

spe£iively worth more Money than the Sum for which they are then to be bound, over and above all their

juff Debts; and moreover, the Marfnal of the said High Court of Admiralty for the Time being, or lbs

Deputy, or the Person or Persons so commissioned as aforesaid, is or are hereby requited and directed ro

make

Whrn any Or*

a-.r <>r U rvoca-

tion flu ! be

1>( rrrr •,

CU m nUr.'-n

h- vf "n rC

hivv Contiiiuci

i*. i rrrr.

Prov so.

U ;i, Ac to He

t.ikcn be To

pr-uUinyr any

Ccunni.liOiw

\

