30

* C. 12. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1777.

Shares to be

deemed personal

Eihte.

Trustees rray

vote either irt

Person or by

Proxy*

Trustees en-

abled to borrow

1,0001.

and to afllgn the

Tolls as a Se-

curity.

for, obtaining, and passing this Act ; and the Residue and Remainder of such Money shall be applied for

and towards making, building, completing, and maintaining the said Bridge, and the Avenues and Roads

to and from the same, and other the Purposes of this Act, and to no o:her Use, Intent, or Purpose what-

soever; and all and every the said Shares shall be deemed to be personal Estate, and transmiffible as such,

and not of the Nature of real Property ; and all and every Person and Persons, their several and respective

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall severally advance and pay in the Sum of fifty Pounds,

or such Sum or Sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof, towards executing the several Purposes of this

Act, shall be intitled to receive, and shall receive, an entire and nett Distribution of one fortieth Part, or

such greater Share or Proportion of the Profits arising from the Tolls or Dues hereby granted, or to be re-

ceived, by the Authority of this Act, as the said Sum of fifty Pounds will bear, in Proportion to the whole

Amount of the Money advanced and paid on the Credit thereof, and so in Proportion for any Number of

Shares, not exceeding ten Shares as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, who shall have advanced and

paid, or undertaken to advance and pay, for one or more Share or Shares, as aforesaid, their Executors,

Administrators, and Assigns, shall be deemed a Trustee or Trustees, and shall be intitled to vote at any

Meeting or Meetings, to be held in pursuance of this Act, either personally, or by his, her, or their Proxy

or Proxies, duly constituted under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals (such Proxy or

Proxies being a Trusteeor Trustees), for every Share or Shares he, file, or they, shall be so possessed of;

and whatever Question, Matter, or Thing, shall be proposed, discussed, or considered, at any Meeting of

the Trustees to be held by virtue of this Act, the fame shall be finally determined by the Majoiity of Votes

then present, reckoning one Vote for every Share.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them,

assembled at their first Meeting, or to be assembled at any subsequent Meeting to be held for that Purpose

(of which subsequent Meeting, and of the Intention for which the fame is to be held, fourteen Days pre-

vious Notice shall be given, and affixed upon the Market-house at Brofeley, and upon the Toll-gates or

Turnpikes to be erected in pursuance of this Act), shall and may borrow, and take up at Interest, any

Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of one thousand Pounds, on the Credit of the Tolls and

Dues hereby granted, and for securing the Repayment thereof withTnterest, to assign and mortgage all or

• any of the Tolls or Dues hereby granted, to such Person or Persons as shall advance and pay the fame, by

an Instrument or Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words, or to the EfFeft following :

Fn>rm Assign- 4 12 Y virtue of an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third,

rnent. * D jor building a Bridge across the River Severn, from or near a Place called Preen's Eddy, in the Parish of

4 Brofeley, to or near a Place called The Sheep-wa(h, in the Parish of Sutton Maddock, in the County of

4 Salop, and for making Pr^r Avenues or Roads to and from the same \ we whole Names are hereunto set,

* being five or more of the Trustees appointed by and in pursuance of the said Act, in Consideration of the

4 Sum of Pounds, to us in Hand paid by

4 of do assign unto the said his [or herj

4 Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all and every the Tolls or Dues by the said Act granted [or such

4 Part thereof as shall be agreed on between the said Trustees and the Person or Persons advancing the farne]y to

4 hold to the said his [$rher] Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from

'4 the Day of the Date hereof, until the said Sum of with Interest, after the

4 Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be fully paid off and satisfied. Witness our

4 Hands and Seals, the Day of

And all and every Person and Persons to whom such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made, shall be in-

1 titled to such Share of the said Tolls or Dues as the respective Sum or Sums in such Assignment mentioned

to be advanced and paid, shall bear in Proportion to the whole Sum advanced or borrowed upon the Credit

of such Tolls or Dues, in equal Degree, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing

. and paying the fame.

Memorials of XXIII. And be it further enacted, That proper Entries or Memorials shall be made by the Clerk or

llffiioments to Treasurer to the said Trustees, of all and every such Assignment or Assignnents, containing the Dates,

tb/cierk L Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned, in a Book or Book3, to be from Time to

e * Time provided and kept for that Purpose, who shall mark the said Affigoment in this Manner, Entered

AffigAmentsmay A7!?. /• [or as the Cafe may happenj A. B. Clerk to the Trustees 5 and all and every Person and Persons to

»e want eric . whom such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made, or who shall be inti led to the Money thereby secured,

' may transfer and assign the fame again, and all his, her, or their Right, Title, and Interest therein, to any

other Person or Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement thereon, in the Words or to the Effeftr following:

Form of 4 T or we [,as the Cafe may happen] do transfer this Assignment, with all my [or our] Right, Title, and

Transfer. 4 * Interest to and in the fame, unto of his.farAfr]

4 Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

4 Dated this Day of

Witness

Transfers to be Which said 1 aft-mentioned Transfers shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the Trustees, at some

altered by the Meeting of the said Trustees, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the

* * Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money, in the said Book dire 'e * to be provided and kept for

entering the original Alignments, for which Entry or Memorial the Clerk shall be paid the Sum of one

Shilling, and no more, by the Person or Persons producing the fame; and after such Entries made (but not

till then)» such Transfer shall imitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and

Assigns,

