A. D. 1777. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 63—65. 163

•/'Boston and Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln) 5 or in any Manner whatfopver to interfere with, lessen,

or alter the Jurisdiction of the Court of Requests for the Borough of Bflon, Skirbeck Quarter, and Parishes

of Bojhn and Skirbeck, by the said Act constituted, or to impower the Commissioners acting by virtue of

this Act to intermeddle with, or to invalidate, lelTen, alter, or takeaway, any of the Rights, Powers, or

Authorities which by the said Act were vetted in all or any of the Commissioners acting under the said Act ;

but that the fame shall be and continue as fully, to all Intents and Purpotes, as if this Act had never been

made, apv Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anvwtfe notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation of

brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Matter or Thing done, or to be done, in Adllon*

pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within three Calendar Months

next after the cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the County of Lincoln,

and nor elsewhere 5 and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the Ge- General Issue.

neral lfl'ue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereon : And if

the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue such Action or Suit; or if, upon a Verdict

or Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall

and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedies for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants can Treble Cote,

or may have in other Caies where Costs are given by Law.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, ad- Public Act.

judged, and taken to be a public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges,

Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for paving, repairings lightings and watching the StreetSs and ether public Passages and -

Placets within that Part of the Parish of Clerken well, called Saint James’s, and removing and

Annoyances thereinfor^widening the Passagefrom Clerken well-green to the Parish , and for watching

and lighting certain Highways within the said Parish; for repairing the Highways in the said Parish, ana

cleaning the said Part of the said Parish; for widening the Passage from Clerkenwell-cloj'e to Rofoman’s

Streett and from Rofomans Street to Saint John Street •, and for building a Chapel in the said Parish.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Kensington,

in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the twenty-second Yeat

of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled. An Act for draining and preserving

certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham,

Chatteris, Doddington, and a Place called Byalfen, the IQe of Ely, and County Cam- '

bridge; and also in the Parishes of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of

H untingdoh, so far as the fame relates to the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the

Parishes of Sutton, Mepal% fVitcbam, Chatteris, and a Place called Byalfen, in the Isle of

Ely.

4 1X7 HERE AS by an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Xing Preamble.

4 VV George the Second, intituled. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Aa tx Geo. II,

4 Grounds in the several Pacifies of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris, Doddington, and a Ptace called recited*

4 Byal-fcn, in the lde of Ely, and County ^Cambridge; and also in the Parishes of Somertham and Pidley

4 with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon; it was (amongst other Things) enacted, That it should and

4 might be lawful for the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, or any five or more of them, at any of

4 their Meetings to be held as by the said Act is directed, to afiefs, rate, tax, and charge all and every the

4 respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of all and Angular the said Fen Lands or Low

4 Grounds, bounded and described in the said Act (except such Part, and so much thereof, as is therein

4 excepted), and all and every Commoner and Commoners having Right of Common on the commonable

4 Parts thereof, by an equal and proportionable Tax, in any Rate or Sum not exceeding one Shilling and

4 Sixpence per Acre for the first Year, to be computed from the twenty-fifth Day of Marchs one thousand

4 seven hundred and forty-nine ; arvl for every Year after with any other yearly Sum or Sums of Money,

4 not exceeding one ShillingAcre, for carrying on and effecting the said Work of draining, and for

4 maintaining the fame: And whereas by another Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Rccitai of the

4 said Majesty King George the Second, intituled. An Act for draining and prferving certain Fen Lands and S mer«Vm. &e.

4 Low Grounds in the Purifies of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, and the Fa ifi of Colne, in the County 3* G:o.

4 of Huntingdon, certain other Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the Parishes th rein mentioned,

4 were added to and directed to be drained with the Fen Lands and Low Grounds described in the said Act

4 of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second : And whereas by another Act, made ,nj RWej,

4 in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled. An Act for draining and preserving &c A& of 9

• certain Fen Lands% Low Grounds, and Commons, in the several Purifies of Ramley, Bury, Willow, W ■ - *5 Geo. IJI,

Y 2 4 boys

Vj 00; le

