A. D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

G. 33* 367

made as aforesaid, then the said Commissioners, or any thtee of them, ftre hereby enabled to agree with

the said Richard Formhy, his Trustee or Trustees, or any other Person or Persons properly authorised, for

the Lands so to be cut, and for the Damages to be occasioned thereby, either to the said Lands, or the

Rabbit Warren thereon, and to pay, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this A d, such Suhl or

Sums of Money, at such Times and in such Manner as shall be agreed upon between the said Parties, for

such Lands and Damages: But in case the said Richard Formhy his Trustee or Trustees, Agent or Agents,

shall, for the Space of ten Days after Notice to be given to him or them as aforesaid, neglect or rfcfufe tp

agree with the said Commissioners for such Lands and Damages as aforesaid, then it shall and may be law-

ful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of diem, to cause a like Jury as herein-before men-

tioned, to be in like Manner, and under the feme Restrictions, summoned, impannelled, returned, and fwornf,

and also, in like Manner to direct a View of fix or mdre of them, if required ; and the said Jurors, wheh

so impannelled and sworn, shall upon their Oath (which Oath, and also the Oaths to be taken by the

Person or Persons who shall be produced to give Evidence before them, the said Commissioners* dr aby one

or more of them, are and is hereby impowered to administer) enquire of, aflfefs, and ascertaiif, the Value

of such Lands, and the immediate Damages to be done to the said Rabbit Warren, and to award such Sum

or Sums of Money to be paid for the fame as they shall think fit; and their Verdict or Determination

therein shall be recorded and kept by the find Cofamiffiooers among their Proceedings in the Execution of

this Act, and shall be binding and conclusive on all Parties concerned; and upon Payment or legal Tendier

of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be awarded by the (kid Jurors as aforesaid, to the said Richard ForfiAf^

his Trustee or Trustees, or any other Person authorised to receive the same, it (halt and may be lawful to

and for the said Commissioners, their Workmen, or others, to enter into and upon the said Lafids of tbfc

laid Richard Formby, there to cut and make such new Channel, and tPered fudt Weirs, Lock*, Bridges,

and other Communications as shall be so ascertained and set out as aforesaid: And in case any subsequent

or confeouential Damages shall happen to arise to the Property of the find Richard Formhy, hid Heir* or

Assigns, by any of the Works to be done under this Act, and the fame cannot be settled by Agreement 19

aforesaid, the lame shall in like Manner, upon ten Days Notice to be given by the Party requiring the

feme, be settled by a like Jury, and their Verdict or Determination shall in like Manner be final; and the

Money so to be awarded, as Jail-mentioned, shall be by the said Commissioners, or any three ot mote of

them, paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, to the said Richard Formy, his- Herrs ana

Assigns, within two Calendar Months next after such last-mentioned Verdict shall be found as afateftid. :

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in all Cafes where a Verdict or Adelf-

ment shall be given or made fort greater Sum of Money, as a Recompencte or Satisfaction for any fuc^i

Damage as aforesaid, than had been offered to be paid or givea by the said Comthifiioners, or any three

or more of them, then all the Expences of summoning such Jury, and of taking such Inquest, (nail bif

settled by the said CommiJfionere, or any three or more of them, and shall be ddraved and paid by them

out of the Monies to be raised under this Act; but if any Verdict or Assessment shall be given or made for

the fame, or a less Sum of Money than had been previously offered to be paid or given by the said Com-

missioners, or any three or more of them, as aforesaid. then and in every fuen Cafe the Coife and Expences

of summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, mall be settled in like Manner by the said Commis-

lioners, or any three or more of them, and shall be paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said

Commissioners shall have such Controversy or Dispute; and that all and every Person or Persons making

Complaint, and requesting such Tury, shall, before the said Commissioners shall be obliged to ifltie out

their Warrant or Warrants for the summoning such Jury as aforesaid, first enter into a Bond to the said

Commissioners, or any three or more of them, in the Penalty of fifty Pounds, conditioned to prosecute

such his, her, or their Complaint, and to bear and pay the Colts and Expences of fumrriohing such Jury,

and taking such Inquest, in case a Verdict shall be given for the fame, or a less Sum of Money than had

been offered to be paid or given as a Recompence or Satisfaction for such Damage as aforesaid by the said

Commissioners, before the summoning. and returning of the said Jury or Juries.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners shall not be obliged to receive or take

Notice of any Complaint or Complaints, to be made by any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any In-

jury or Damage by him, her, or them sustained by virtue of this Act, unless Application in Writing hath4

been or shall be made in relation thereto, by or on Behalf of such Person or Persons, to the said Commis-

sioners, or any three or more of them, or to their known Agent or Agents, or to the Collector of the

Rates or Assessments under this Act, within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the Time*

that such Injury or Damage shall have been sustained, or the doing or committing thereof shall have'

ceased.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Commissioners herein-bfcfore

named, or any three or more of them, shall meet in the Parish Church of Sefton aforesaid, upon the

Eighteenth Day of Afay, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, or within ten Days after, and’

shall proceed to put this Act in Execution; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then

aflemoled, {ball and may adjourn themselves, and meet again pursuant to such Adjournment, and proceed

in the Execution of this Act, as often as they shall think proper; and shall, at all such Meetings, make

such Rules and Orders as they shall deem necessary to be observed for the ordering, managing, and exe-

cuting, in the most effectual Manner, the several Powers granted by this Act; and if at the wid First or

any other of the Meetings of the said Commissioners, a fufnerent Number of the Commissioners shall not be

present for acting or for adjourning, that then, and as often as the Cafe shall happen, it shall be lawful for

the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, by Writingunder their Hands, to call a Meeting

for putting this Act in Execution, by causing public Notice of the Time and Place of such Meeting so be

given in the Parifo Churches of Alitor, Sefton, Halfall, and Walton upon the Hill aforesaid, 6n some Sun-

day immediately after Divine Service, and such Writing to be affixed on the Doors of such Churches

Bbb x respectively.

If Parties cannot

agree, a Jury to

be fammoned.

Whole Verdict

shall be anal.

Jury by whom

to be borne.

Persons request.

ing a Tory, to

enter into a

Bond to prose-

cute their Com-

plaint, dcC.

Complaint of

Damages to be

given In Writing

within fix Ca-

lendar Months

after done, or

Party not en-

titled co Da-

mage.

First Meeting

of Coounifiion-

e«.

How to proceed

on Failure of a

sufficient Num-

ber to adjourn.

