The TITLES of the STATUTES.

I

tr principal Sums of accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills,

or ether Scarifies for Payment of Money ; or IVarrants or

Or dr, s f?t: P.-wimt of Money or Delivery of Goods,

19* An Act for tn; Payment of Costs to Parties, on Com-

platr.es determined before Justices of the Peace out of

Scii 1 • ns ; for the Payment of the Charges of Constables

ir cv-ti* n Ca.wS : md for the more effectual Payment of

Charges to Witnesses and Prosecutors of an^ Larceny, or

other i eiony.

20. An Act for further continuing the Duties granted by

three Acts, made in the fifth and twenty-fifth Years of

his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the third

Year of his present MajestyV.-Reign, for enlarging the

Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York,

21. An Act for the more effectually carrying into Execu-

tion the Powers contained in two several Acts of Parlia-

ment, the one made in the twelfth Year of his present

Majesty’s Reign, for making a navigable Cut or Canal

from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of

Chester, to or near Mrddlewich, arid Nantwich/m/fo

County of Chester ; and the other made in the seventeenth

Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, for varying and en-

larging the Powers of the said former Act.

22. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of

Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

*23. An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Exe-

cution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax,

to be raised tn Great Britain, for the Service of the Year

cne thoujandjeven hundred and seventy-eight, together with

* ~thofe namedf in two former Acts for appointing Com-

mifHoners of the Land Tax.

,24. An Act for allowing the Re-importation of unmanu-

factured. Tobacco From foreign Parts, although the fame

f , jnay have been fold abroad; and the Importation of

v .Tobacco, the Growth and Product of the Island of Do-

f minica, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

‘25. An Act for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, im-

ported into the Ports of Portsmouth, Sandwich, Chi-

chester, and Chester, to be landed without Payment of

\ the. Duties, under the like Restrictions as Corn, Grain,

and Flour, is allowed to be landed at the several Ports

mentioned in an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of

11 the Reig'n of his present Majesty, intituled, An Adf to

regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn,

'26. An Act foT granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon

tp\y inhabited Houses within the Kingdom of Great Bri-

* tain*

27. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additiona

'■ Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this

Kingdom. '

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the

thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, inti-

tuled, An All to explain, amend, and reduce into one A&

of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for regulat-

ing the Turnpike Roajs in that Part Great Britain called

England, and for other Purbofes; as is to subject Car-

riages, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less

Breauth or Gauge than fix Inches, to the Payment of

double Tolls; and for vacating Contradls for leafing

Toll?.

29. An Act for empowering the Commissioners and Go-

vernors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich,

in the County of Kent, So exchange certain Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, be-

longing to them in the Parishes of Alnwick, Embleton,

aiu Warkworth, in the County of Northumberland, for

othi r Lands belonging to the most Noble Hugh Duke of

N^'.humberland, in some one or more of the Open Com-

mon Fields at Corbridge, in the said County; and to

4

empower the said Commissioners and Governors to grant

Leaies, in Manner therein mentioned.

30 An Act for the more effectually levying of the Duty

upon Servants in that Part of Great Britain called Scot-

land,

31. An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle on their

Royal Highnesses the Princes Frederick Bishop of Ofna-

burgh, William Henry, Edward, Ernejl Augustus, Au-

gujius Frederick, and Adolphus Frederick, an Annuity of

sixty thousand rounds per Annum; and also to settle on

their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Charlotte Augujla

Matilda, Augujla Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary, and SoJdjia,

one other Annuity of thirty thousand Pounds per Am

and also to settle on his Highness Prince William Frede-

rick one other Annuity of eight thousand Pounds per

Annum, and on her Highness the Princess Sophia Ma-

tilda one other Annuity of four thousand Pounds per

Annum.

32. An Act for further continuing so much of certain Du- ‘

*“ ties as have by several Acts of Parliament been granted

and continued for repairing and maintaining the Har-

bours of Dover and Rye, as are applicable to completing

: and keeping in Repair the said Harbour of Rye, in the

County of Sussex.

"33. An Act for the better Prefer'vation of Fish, and regu-

lating the Fjfheties, in the Rivers Severn and Verniew.

34* An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of

Small Debts, within the Soake of Bolingbrooke and Wa-

pentake of Candlcjkoe, in the Parts ot Lindsey, in the

County of Lincoln* _ ,

3$. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor within the Hundred of Stow, in the County of

Suffolk• ^ . V

36. An Adi‘for the more easy and speedy Recovery of

Small Debts, within the Isle of Ely,. in the County of

Cambridge.

37. An- Act for paving Parts of the Footpaths on the Sides

of the great Road, called Whitechapel Road, in thel

County of MiddUjex; and also the several Streets, Lanes,

Roads, and Passages, opening into the Lme; and for

preventing Obstrudlions, Nuisances, and Annoyances

therein, and near thereto.

38. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans

or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and seventy-eight.

39. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments ; and to

indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have

omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications with-

in; the Time liniited by Law, and for giving further

Time for those Purposes ; and to indemnify Members

and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough

Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be

stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped,

have been lost or mislaid ; and for allowing them Time

to provide Admissions duly stamped j and to give further

Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file"

Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to

Attornies and Solicitors.

40. An Act to repeal such Part of an Act, made in the last

Session of Parliament, as relates to the Manner of dif-

charging Bonds given for the due Exportation of certain

Goods horn Great Britain to Foreign Parts; and to ex-

tend such Part of the same Act, as obliges the Master of

British or Irish Ships, failing from any of his Majesty’*

Dominions into the Baltic, to deliver a Manifest of their'

Cargoes to the British Consul residing there, to the like

Vessels failing into Denmark, Norway, and Archangel.

41. An Act for uniting the Free Grammar School ot James

King of England, within the Town of Henley upon

Thames»

