49+

liary HeufeS

shall supply any

Offender with

Money, Proti-

fions, &c. con-

trary tothis Act,

he shall be fuf-

j-endrd by the

Governor, and

reported to the

Committee;

who may puni/h

him by Fine And

I r.pnibnment. ‘

Offenders, when

brought to the

Pm ten'isry

Hon ft*, to be fj-

p irately lodged,

and waffled, and

examined by the

Surgeon;

and when dif-

ch^rged, to re

furn Hied with

deccrr Clothing

and Money;

and af'rr having

continued in a

reputable Ser-

vice for one

Year, to be en-

titled to a fur-

ther Sum of

Money.

The Offenders

to be divided in-

to three Classes,

and the Term of

their Confine-

ment to be di-

vided into three

equal Parti, See.

Governor may

employ Offend-

ers in the third

Class as Ser-

vants, See.

H >w the Lodg-

ing-rooms ffull

be fumished.

The Door* to he

locked, and the

Lights txfin-

gu:ff)“d, evrry

N.ght at Nine,

[uff:ces for the

Oun y may in-

fptft th* Peni-

tentiary' Hotifes,

Scc. at all sea-

f'.nable Times,

Chaplain to read

Mlining and

Evening Prayers,

and preach two

Strrnoo*, every

Sunday, &c. ;

and to viht the

Offenders, with

the Governor’*

Leave,

C. 74. . Anno decimo nono Georgi i llf. A. D. 1779.

Spirituous or other Liquors whatsoever, except such Money, Clothing, Provisions, or Diet, or such Water

and Small Beer, as the Governor of the House shall from Time to T ime permit or direct, and except such

Diet and Liquors as thp Surgeon or Apothecary attending such House :shall think proper to order for

any . such Offenders, in case of Illness ; and in case any such Officer or Servant shall be found guilty of

carrying to any such Offender, or of knowingly permitting to be carried to any such Offender, any Money*

Clothing, Provisions, or Diet, or Liquors whatsoever, contrary to the Intent of this Act, such Officer or

Servant shall immediately he suspemltd by the faiJ Governor; who shall report the fame to the Committee

at their next Meeting; and such Committee shall enquire thereof upon Oath, and shall punish such Officer

or Servant by Forfeiture of Office, by any Fine not exceeding ten Pounds, and by Imprisonment for any

Term nor exceeding six Months, or by anyone or more of such Punffhments, as the said Committee

(hdll, in thcii Diicretion, think proper

XXX VII. And be it further enacted. That when any Offender, who shall be ordered to hard Labour in

either of such Houses as aforesaid, shall be brought thither in pursuance of the Powers contained in this;

Act, he or she (h ill be separately lodged, and waihed, cleansed and purified, and shall then be examined by

the Surgeon or Apothecary, and shall continue in such fepa rate Lodging until it be certified by such Surgeon

or Apothecary that he or lhc is fit to be received among the other Convicts, and the Clothes in which he

or (he shall then be clothed shall be burnt, if necessary, pr otherwise shall be fold and disposed of at the

Difcieiion of the Governor, and the Produce thereof shall be accounted for to the Committee aforesaid ;

and such Offender shall not be dismissed at the End or other Determination of his Term, unless at his own

Request, if he shall then labour under any acute or dangerous Distemper, nor until he can be safely dif-

charged ; and when such Offender shall be finally discharged, such other decent Clothing as shall be judged

necessary and proper by the Committee aforesaid, shall be delivered to such Offender, and also such Sum

of Money, for his or her immediate Subfiffence, as the said Committee shall think proper, so as such Sum

shall not exceed three Pounds, nor be less than twenty Shillings, in case such Offender shall have been

confined in such Penitentiary House for the Space of one Year, and so in Proportion for any shorter Term

of Confinement; and if such Offender, at the End or other Determination of his or her Term, shall pro-

cure any reputable Matter of a Ship, or Tradesman, or other subst^ntial Housekeeper, to take him or her

into Service, or provide him or her with proper Employment for one Year then next ensuing, the fame to

be approved by the Committee aforesaid, he or she, having served accordingly, shall be entitled at the

End of the Year to another Sum of Money, equal to that which was allowed to him or her at/the Time

of his or her Dismission,

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Offenders to be sent to each

of such Penitentiary Houses (Tall be divided into three Classes, which shall be called The Firfty Second, and

Third Class; for which Purpose the Time for which such Offenders shall severally be committed shall be

divided into three equal Parts; and during the first Part of the Time of the Imprisonment of every such

Offender, he or she shall be ranked in the first Class, and during the second Part of such Time, he or she

shall be ranked in the second Class, and during the third and last Part of such Time, he or she shall be

ranked in the third Class ; and the Confinement and Labour of such Offenders as shall from Time to Time

be ranked in the first Class, shall be the most drift and severe, and the Confinement and Labour of the

Offenders ranked in the second Class, shall be more moderate, and the Confinement and Labour of those

ranked in the third Class, shall be dill more relaxed ; which several Degrees of Confinement and Labour*

so to be affixed to each Class, shall from Time to Time be settled by the said Committee, by Orders of

Regulation to be approved of in Manner aforesaid, but so as not to defeat or elude the special Provisions

made and appointed by this Act.

XXXIX. Provided also. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor of each such Houses

to employ, at his Discretion, any of the Offenders aforesaid, who shall be ranked in the said third Class*

as Servants, Overseers, or Alfiflants, in the Management of the Works, and Care of their Fellow Pri-

foners, instead of being confined to such their daily Labour as aforesaid.

XL. And be it further enacted, That each of the Lodging-rooms which shall be appointed in the said

Penitentiary Houses, for the Offenders so confined therein, shall be provided with*an Iron Bedstead, with

Matting for lying upon, one or more hempen Sheets, a Coverlit, and two or more;coarse Blankets; and

no Person, except the Officers and Servants of the House, and such Person or Persons as shall be authorised

by Order of any two of the Committee aforesaiJ, shall be permitted to go at any Time into such Lodging-

rooms, or to fee or converse with the Offenders; and every Night in the Year the Doors of all such Lodg-

ing-rooms shall be locked, and all Lights therein extinguished, after the Hour of Nine ; and a Watchman,

shall patrole each of such Penitentiary Houses at least twice in every Hour during the Night, and until

Return of the Time of Labour in the Morning of the next Day.

XLI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, acting

for the County or Place wherein such Penitentiary Houses, or Places of Confinement, to be provided in

pursuance of this Act, shall be situated, at all feasonable Times, to vifft and inspect every Part of such

Penitentiary Houses, or Places of Confinement, in order to make Report to the Quarter Sessions, or give

Notice to the Inspector, herein-after mentioned, of any Abuse or Mismanagement which he or they may

observe therein.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Chaplain shall read Morning and Evening Prayers, in the

Chapel of each of such Penitentiary Houses, and preach a Sermon both Morning and Afternoon, on every

Sunday in the Year, and also on every Christmas-day and Good Friday s and all the Offenders confined in

such House, who shall not he difibled by Illness, shall attend the said Prayers and Sermons, which shall

also be attended by the resident Officers, and by the Servants of such House, or such of them as can be

spared from their several Employments, and shall not be prevented by Illness; and the said Chaplain shall

visit, with the Leave of the Governor, any of the Offenders, either sick or in Health, that may desire or

kmd

