No Settlement

to be gainei by

paying the Rate.

Dirt refs not un-

lawful for want

of Form, See,

limitation of

AlUoai*

General Iffiie.

Treble Cofti*

Public A#.

Pee amble.

Rjrcitfcl of

13 Geo. III.

tag 64,

C. 61, ‘ Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall be charged

with or pay to any Rate or Assess’ment to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall thereby gain any legal

Settlement in the said Parish of Saint Michael.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefa d. That where any Distress and Sale shall

be made by virtue of this Act, such Distiefs and Sale shall not be unlawful, nor the Party or Parties ma-

king or doing the fame respectively be deemed aTrefpafler or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or

Want of Form, or other Irregularity, in any Warrant or other Proceeding whatsoever, relating to or

concerning any such Distress and Sale; r.or shall the Party or Parties making such Distress and Sale be

deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be done

o‘r transadled in any such Cafe by him or them; but the Person or Pcifons aggrieved by any such Irre-

gularity shall and may, by Action of Trespass, or on the Cafe, recover Satisfaction for the special Damages

only, and in every such Action shall have no more Costs than Damages,' unlels such Damages shall exceed

the Sum of forty Shillings.

XXXIV. Provided always, That no Action or Suit whatsoever shall be commenced orpTofecuted against

any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, or any Clause, Power,

or Thing herein contained, until after fourteen Days Notice in Writing, signed by the Party aggrieved,

shall be given to the Person or Persons against whom the said Action or Suit is intended to be brought;

nor after a sufficient Satisfaction, ora Tender thereof, hath bten made to the Party or Parties so alleging

him, her, or themselves to be aggrieved, nor after six Calendar Months nex*t following such Grievance,/

and the Fadl committed; and every such Action shall be laid in the County of the City of Coventry, and not

elTewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead at his Elec-,

tion specially, or the General issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to*

be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of this Act, and by Force of some or one ofr

the Powers and Authorities hereby given: And if the fame shall appear to be so done, or that' such Action

or Suit shall be brought before fourteen Days Notice had been thereof gven, or after sufficient Satisfaction

made or tendered, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame, as is herein-before directed, or shall be

laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury in every such Cafe shall find a Verdict

for the Defendant or Defendants; and in every such Action, if a Verdict shall be found for the Defendant

or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action

or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon l>*murrer. Judgment fhiiP

be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall and may iccover Treble1

Colls, and have such Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes’

by Law.

XXXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Thing herein con-*

tainedv shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act; and Avail be judicially taken Notice of as

such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without spedially pleading the same.

CAP. LXI. ;

An Act for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England

trading to the East Indies, for a limited Time, and under certain Conditions, the Terri-*

jorial Aequisitions and Revenues lately- obtained in the East Indies \ and for continuing,

for a limited Time, so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better' Manage-

ment of the Affairs of the Ealt India Company, as well in India as in Europe, as will expire,

in the Course of the present Year.

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his- present Majesty, inti*

‘ W tuled. An sltt for granting to his Alaje/ly a Sum cf Money, to be raised by Exchequer Bills; and to bs

4 advanced and applied in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United

4 Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; it was ditedled, . ['hat the Commissioners of

4 his MajestyV Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, /hould cause to be prepared

and made any Number of Exchequer Bills, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of one million four

4 hundred thousand Pounds, to be lent, advanced, and issued, as in the said Act was directed, for the Re-

4 lief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies: And whereas by the

4 said Act it was declared, That in the then Circumstances of the East India Company, it would not be

in their Power to provide for the Re payment of the Loan aforesaid, and for cilablilhing their Affairs upon

4 a more secure Foundation for the Time to come, unless the Public should agree to forego, for the then

4 present Time, all Participation in the Profits anting from the territorial Aequisitions and Revenues lately

4 obtained in the East Indies; and therefore it was by the said Act enacted, That until the aforesaid Sura

4 of one million four hundred thousand Pounds should be repaid, and the Bond Debt of the Company be

4 reduced to the Sura ofc one million five hundred thousand Pounds; the whole clear Profits arising from the

4 aforesaid territorial Aequisitions and Revenues, after defraying the Charges and Expences attending the

4 fame, togethex with-all the clear Revenue und Profits of the said Company* after ptoviding for the cur-

4 rent Payments of interest, and other Outgoings, Charges and Expences, of the said Company, should,

4 from Time to Time, bedisposed Of and applied in the Manner as in the said Act was directed; (that is

4 to (ay,) Until the aforesaid Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds should be repaid, and so

*- long as the said Sum, or any Part thereof, should remain unpaid, there should>rin the fcrfi Place*, be set

: i 4 apart

