A.D. 1778.. Annp decimo p&avo QeqrPii III.

C. 34. 221

by the Authority aforefwd, Th*t if any Person or Persons shall affront, insult, or abuse, all or any of the

Commissioners, Clerk, or Officers of the said Court for the Time being, during their fitting in the said

Court, or in going to or returning from the same, or shall interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court, or

at any Time shall affront, jnfult, or abuse, hinder, obiftruft, or attempt or threaten to hinder or obstruct,

the Clerk, or any of the Serjeants, in the lawful Execution of his or their respective Office or Offices, it

shall and may be lawful to ai)d for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, (hen fitting, or if

not then fitting, at the next Court to be held in or near the Town where such Jnfult or Misdemeanor shall

be committed, to cause a Warrant to be issued by the £lerk of the said Court,* or his Deputy or Deputies,

directing such Serjeant to apprehend and take, or cause such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid to be

apprehended and taken, before three or more of the said Commissioners; and upon the haft ^Hedged being

proved, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the said.Commissioners is and are hereby

empowered and directed to punish such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, by Fine, not exceeding

ahe Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, which shall be immediately paid into the Hands of

the said Commissioners before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and be paid and applied

in like Manner as the Fines herein-before mentioned are directed to be applied; and if the said Offender or

Offenders shall not pay the said Fine in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

Commissioners, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the fame to be levied by Distress and

Sale of the Offender’s Goods, or to commit such Person or Persons, so offending as aforesaid, to some

Common Gaol or House of Correction in the said County of Lincoln^ there to remain for any Space of

Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, or until he, she, or they shall pay the said Fine.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the

said Court shall fix, or cause to be fixed or (luck up, in some public Part of each of the said Court-houses,

or other Places where the said Commissioners shall meet, a true Copy of the last preceding Clause of this

Act, to the End that no Person or Persons shall or may plead Ignorance thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Keepers, for the

Time being, of the respective Common Gaols or Houses of Correction within the said County of Lincoln,

shall and may, and they'are hereby required and commanded to receive and take into Custody, respectively,

all and every Person and Persons who shall be committed, or ordered to (land committed, by any three or

more of the said Commissioners present in Court, or by virtue of any Warrant, Attachment, Execution, or

other Process, issuing out of the said Court of Reouefts.

XXVIII. And in case the Keepers of the said Gaols or Houses of Correction, respectively, or either

of them, shall neglect or refuse to receive and take into his or their Custody, any Person or Persons com-

mitted by virtue of this Act, or, before the Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall

be so committed to his or their Custody, shall discharge such Person or Persons, or wilfully permit and

(offer such Person <3r Persons to go at large, without a Warrant, Order, or Authority for that rurpose, in

Writing, signed in Court by three or more of the said Commissioners, every Keeper offending in any of the

Cafes afore hud, and being thereof convicted before either or any of the Courts to be held by virtue of this

Act, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness'or Witnesses, or on his or their own Con-

fession, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than

forty Shillings, at the Discretion of such Court; and such Sum shall be immediately paid, by the Person

or Persons so offending, into the Hands of the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being, before whom he

or they shall be convicted, or, in Default thereof, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Of-

fender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any three or more of the said Com-

rnissioners, in Court assembled; which Sum, when paid or levied, shall be applied in like Manner as the

Fines herein-before mentioned are directed to be paid and applied.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit for any Debt, not

amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Re-

quests, shall be brought against any Person or Persons, refilling or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction

thereof, in any of the King’s Courts at Weshninster, or any other Courts whatsoever, except in the Court

Baron for holding Pleas of Debt within the said Soake of Bolingbrooke, belonging to his Majesty in Right of

his Duchy of Lancaster, or elsewhere out of the said Court of Rcquests; and no Suit that shall be com-

menced in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance of this Act, nor any Proceedings therein, shall or may

be removed into any superior Court; but the Judgments, Deciees, and Proceedings of the said Court shall

be final and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

XXX. And.be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein con-

tained, shall not extend to any Debt for Rent, upon any Lease or Contract, where the Title of any Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, can or may come in Question, or in or upon any other real Contract; nor

to any Debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any Cause concerning any last Wiil or Testament, or Ma-

trimony, or any Thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts; nor to any Debt for Money won

at, or by Means of any Horse-race, Cock-match, Wager, or any kind of Gaming or Play; or for any

Forfeiture upon any penal Statute; nor to any Debt whereof there hath not been a Contraft, Acknow-

ledgment, Undertaking, or Promise to pay, within six Years before the taking out of the Summons for the

fame, although such Debt shall not amount to forty Shillings.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons, making

Oath, or giving Evidence, in any Cause or Matter whatsoever depending in the said Court of Requests,

shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof duly convicted according to Law, such Pc;son or

Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wil-

ful and corrupt Perjury is or are liable to, or shall be subject to, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. T hat in case any Person rdiding within

the Soake and Wapentake afore said, who shall be duly fened with a Subpoena or Summons, to be issued

Vol. XIII. Part II. Gg out

Penalty on

insulting the

Court.

The OfT-ndv,

On Nonpayment

of the Pine, to

be commuted.

Cnojr of ~r'-

cedwigOiinfe

to We thick, up a

the Court

house.

Gaolers, Sec. to

receire Persons

committed.

t

Penalty on Re-

fusal, or per-

mitting Escape*

Ho AAion (hr

any Debt, re-

coverable by this

An, to be

brought in any

other Court}

Exception.

To what Debt!

this AcVthall

not extend.

Penalty on wil*

ful Perjury*

Penalty not

obeying a bub*

pone*

