A. D. 1777. Anno decimo leptimo Georgii III. C. 19, 20. 91

cient, to impose and levy a Fine not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to be levied (if tobefined.J

not immediately paid on Demand) by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the

Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them ; which Fine, when paid or le-

vied, shall be paid over to the Party at whole Instance such Subpoena or Summons issued.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That nothing in this Act con- CUufe for re-

tained shall extend, or be construed, adjudged, deemed, or taken to extend, to extinguish, restrain, alter, serving juris-

annul, take away, or otherwise prejudice, the Jurisdict ion of any ancient Courts Baion, held by the said

respective Lords of the said respective Manors of Old Swinford and Amblecoat, or any other Manor within aron*

the said Parish of Old Swinford, and their Predeccfl’ors, Time immemorial, within the said respective Ma-

nors, or any of the Rights, Priviltges, and Franchises thereto belonging; but that Pleas shall and may be

held in the said Courts, of all Debts, Matters, and Things, within the said respective Manors, and all

Persons may sue and be sued in the fame Courts, in like Manner as if this Act had never been made; any

Thine herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XaXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action at Law shall be Limitation of

brought against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done by virtue of this Act, till afteh twenty Days A&,on*

Notice thereof in Writing shall be given to, or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons

against whom such* Action shall be intended to be so brought, thereby setting forth the Cause of such

Action} and in Default only of any Tender or sufficient Amends being made within that Time, by such

Person or Persons, to the Parties so aggrieved, and causing such Notice to be given ; and that every Action

brought for any Thing done as aforesaid, shall be commenced within the Space of three Months next after

the Cause thereof shall arise, and shall be laid in the Counties of Worcester or Stafford\ in which of those

Counties the Cause shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants therein shall and may

plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, and that the fame was done Geneul Issue,

by virtue thereof: And if on the Trial of such Action it shall appear that the fame was brought before the

Expiration of twenty Days after such Notice shall have been so given or left as aforesaid, or after the End

of three Months next after the Cause thereof shall arise, or if such Action shall be brought or laid in any

other County than as aforesaid, or after sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or

Parties so aggrieved; then, and in every the Cafes aforesaid, the Jury on the Trial of such Action shall

find for the Defendant or Defendants therein ; and in all Cafes where any Vcrdtft shall be found for any

Defendant or Defendants in such Action, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the fame

after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be non-suited, or if, upon De-

murrer, Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in such

Action shall have and recover Treble Costs, and shall have the like Remedies for recovering the fame as Treble Cost*

any Defendant or Defendants can or may have in other Cafes where Costs are given by Law.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed. Public* Act#

and taken to be a public Act ; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and

other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XX.

An Act for continuing two Acts, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the

First, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for laying a Duty of

Two Pennies Scots, or oneftxtb Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or

Ale vended or sold within the Town of Burnt-island, and Liberties thereof for increasing the

public Revenue of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

4 TX7 HERE AS by an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the preamb’e.

c VV First, intituled. An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Ster- Atb 6 Geo. I#

* ling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Toiun of Burntifland, and Liberties there-

4 cf for increasing the public Revenue of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein Mentioned ; it was en-

* acted. That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty,

4 for the Term of twenty five Years, and to the End of the then next Section of Parliament, there ftiouJJ

* be laid on an Jmposition or Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or the sixth Part of a Penny Sterling (over and

* above the Duty of Excise paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors), upon every Sects

4 Pint of Ale or Beer that should be, for Sale, either brewed, brought in, or vended, tapped, or fold,

4 within the said Town and Privileges thereof, and should be paid by the Brewers, Vintners, Sellers, and

* Tapsters, of such Ale and Beer, for and during the said Term of twenty-five Years, and to the End of

4 the then next Section of Parliament, to the Magistrates and Town Council of the said Town of Burnt-

4 if and, and their Successors in Office for the Time being, and their Collectors and Assigns, for the Die

4 of the Community of the said Town : And whereas by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign an<^ JO Cco. II.

4 of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled. An Act for reviving and continuing an Act, faffed in lecitcJ.

4 the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fir/l, intituled, 41 An Act for laying a Duty

44 ot Two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part ofk Penny Sterling, up in every Scots Pinto? Beer or Ale vended

44 or fold within the Town of Burntifand, and Liberties thereof, for increasing the public Revenue of the

€i said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned it was enacted, That the before-mentioned Act,

* made in the sixth Year of his Majesty King George the Full, and all the Duties, Powers, Authorities,

4 and Clauses therein contained (except such as arc thereby altered or varied), should be rev ived, made

4 payable, and continued, and Qiould be and continue in full Force and Effect, from and after the twenty-

N 2 4 fouith

