A. D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii

C. 10.

323

Volunteers to re-

ceive Pay from

the Time of

their entering j.

from the Officers appointed to receive them, and shall forthwith be delivered to the said Officers 5 and the Volunteers to

said Commissioners {hall cause an Entry to be made in some Book to be kept by them, or such Clerk as bed|f,v*rfd °\er

they shall appoint, of the Names of such Volunteers, and of the Parishes or Places of their last Abode (if officers jVndTi

they can be known), and of the Time and Place when and where they did so enter themselves, and of the Entry to be made

Sums paid to them, and by whom such Payments were made, and of the Names of the Officers or Per- of their Name?,

fons who received such Volunteers, and for what Regiment or Company they were received ; and shall Places of Atomic,

cause true Copies or Duplicates of such Entries, attested by three or more of the said Commissioners then ^u* iic*tes of

present, within forty Days after the Delivery of such Volunteers, to be transmitted into the Office of his E“tprjg* * °be

Majesty’s Secretary at War for the Time being, or into the Office of the Admiralty if the Volunteers be transmitted to

delivered for the Marines. the War-office,

XL. 4 And, for the greater Encouragement of all Persons who shall be fit and willing to serve his Ma-

4 jesty as Volunteers,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Pay of every such Per-

son who shall enter into the Service of his Majesty as a Volunteer, in pursuance of this Act, or with

any recruiting Officer or Serjeant, during the Continuance of this Act, {hall commence from the Time

that he {ball so enter himself into his Majesty’s Service; and that every such Volunteer, after he {hall have and to be dT-

continued in the Military Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during the Space of threa charged at the

Years shall be at Liberty, if he shall think fit, to demand his Discharge from the Colonel or Command- End of three

ing Officer of the Regiment cr Company to which he {hall belong, unltls the Nation shall be then engaged waV'iHhe

in a War, and in that Cafe such Person {hall remain tn Service, during the Continuance of War; and fuclv demand it/*

Discharge shall be granted to him gratis, in Writing, under the Hand of such Colonel or Com-

manding Officer, who is hereby required and impowered to give the fame accordingly, on Pain of being:

cashiered.

XLI. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Person who {hall enter into the Service of his Majesty Volunteers, a Aeu

as a Volunteer in pursuance of this A&, or with any recruiting Officer or Party during the Continuance Expiration of

of this Act, and {hall not desert the fame, {hall, at any Time after the Expiration of such Military Service,

be Ii..ble in his Person to do any Highway Duty, commonly called Statute-duty, or be appointed to serve as

a Peace Officer, or Parish Officer, or be liable to serve in the Militia, or in any of his Majesty*s Land or

Sea Forces, unless he shall consent thereto; and that every such Volunteer, after such Military Service as

aforcLid, {hall have the like Privilege in respect of setting up and exercising any Trade, and of not being

removeable, unless he shall become actually chargeable, as oy the Statute made in the third Year of the _______

Reign of his prtftnt Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been Trade, agreeabi*

in the Sea or Land Service, or in the Marines, Jlnce the twenty-second Tear of his late Majesty King George the to A a jG<o,

Second, to exercise Trades, is given to those who have served according to the said recited Act; and all other

the Benefits and Advantages therein expressed shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all such Volun-

teers, and also the Wives and Childrenof such Volunteers as aforesaid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if

the said Act, and every Clause thereof, were here again particularly repeated and re-enacted.

XLIi. And be it further enacted. That if any Volunteer shall be wounded or maimed in actual Service,

so as to become unfit for military Duty, and {hall be discharged on that Account at any Time before the

Expiration of the Term for which he was engaged to serve, the fame shall be expressed in the Discharge

given him, under the Hand and Seal of his Commanding Officer; and every Person so discharged {hall be

intitled to the fame Privileges, Benefits, and Advantages, of every Kind whatsoever, as if he had continued

for the full Term of his Engagement in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; any Thing

contained in this or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

* the fame Privileges as if they had served their

their Service,

not liable to

Statute-doty, or

to serve Parish

Offices, or in th<r

Militia ;

but may set up

and exercise ar.v

IIL

XLIII. And be it further enacted. That every Person who shall be impressed in pursuance of this Act,

after he {ball have continued in the Military Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; during the

Space of Five Years, shall be at Liberty, if he shall think fit, to demand his Discharge from the Colonel,

or, in his Absence, the Officer commanding the Regiment or Company to which he shall belong, unless

the Nation shall be then engaged in a War, and in that Cafe such Person shall remain in Service during the

Continuance of War; and such Discharge {hall be granted to him gratis, in Writing under the Hand of

such Colonel or Officer, who is duly impowered and required to give the fame accordingly; any Thing

herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 XLIV. And, for the better obviating such Frauds and Abuses as maybe practised in discharging of

* Soldiers/ it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no private Soldier, who shall be duly in-

lifted or impressed into his Majesty’s Service by virtue of this Act, shall, during the Time such Soldier

continues in Great Britain, be discharged from his Majesty’s Service without the Consent of the Colonel,

or, in his Absence, the Officer commanding the Regiment, first had and obtained in Writing; and any

Officer of his Majesty’s Land Forces, Marines, or Sea Service, who shall presume to discharge any Person*

inlisted or impressed pursuant to this Act, in any other Manner contrary to this Act, or shall by falie Muster

or Certificate, or in Consideration of a Gratuity of any Kind, or by any other collusive or evasive Ways

or Means whatsoever, suffer or permit any Person who shall voluntarily inlist, or be impressed into his

Majesty’s Service by virtue of this Act, to avoid the actual Service hereby intended, such Person or Persons

{hall not only Jose the Benefit of this Act, but every such Officer shall, for such Offence, be cashiered.

4 XLV. And, for the better preventing such Frauds and Abuses as may be practised by any pretended

c Ignorance of the Terms under which any Non-commission Officer or Soldier may have entered into the

* Service/be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That whenever any Person, who shall be duly inliffed

or impressed into his Majesty’s Service during the Continuance of this Act, shall join the Regiment or

Company in which he is to serve, his Name, Description, and Terms of Service, shall be entered in the

Public Book of such Regiment or Company ; and a Copy of such Entry (hall be delivered, as a Certificate

for every such Person, signed by the commanding Officer of such Regiment or Company.

XLV I.

Volunteers <’if-

charged before

the Expiration o9

their Term of

Service, on ac-

count of Wounds

received in

actual Service, ,

to be intitled to'

full Term.

Impressed Men*,

afrer 5 Years

Service, to be

discharged, if

they demand

No Soldier cr

M ^inc to be

discharged with-

out a Cert i fit a ter

from his Colo-

nel, See.

Officers difcV.tr-

ging rew-riifed

Men century so

this AO, or p:r-

niictirg them to

avoid iiOnial Ser-

vice, shall be

cast iered.

When any rcu’-

raif d Man fhilt

join his Rect-

ment, h'S X* me,

Dcfc*i'>iio/’, Ac,.

shall 1 e ent^M-t

in the FiM’c

Beck, ti.c.'-xf ;

