A. D» 1780.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

C.

5i7

III. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether, according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act,

4 made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his Jate Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act

4 for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to ferue in his Majesty s Ships of War, and on Board Merchant

4 Ships and other Trading Ships, and Privateers, any Foreign Mariner or Seaman, who shall have served

4 for the Time mentioned in the said Act, during the Time of the present Hostilities, on Board any of his

Majesty’s Ships of War, or any Merchant or other Trading Ship or Vessel, or Privateer (which at the

4 Time of such Service belonged to any of his Majesty’s Subjects), shall, by virtue of the said Act, be

4 deemed to be a natural boro Subject of his Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britainbe it therefore ena£led

and declared, That the said Act, and every Thing contained therein, is and has continued to be, and

shall be deemed and taken to be and haye continued to be, in full Force; and that any Foreign Mariner or

Seaman, who at any Time during the last War, or during the present Hostilities, from and lince the

twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, shall have faithfully served on

Board any such Ships or Vessels for the Space of two Years, shall be deemed and taken to be a natural

born Subject of his Majesty s Kingdom of Great Britain, and shall have and enjoy all the Privileges,

Rights, rowers, and Capacities, which, by the said in Part recited Acts, are given and granted to

Foreign Seamen who served on Board any British Ship for the like Space of Time during the then

War.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Ship or Vessel which shall at any Time hereafter, during the

present War, arrive, or which, at any Time frnce the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand (even

hundred and seventy-nine, has arrived, in any of the Ports of this Realm, navigated according to the

true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall and may be entered, and the respective Cargoes landed, on.

Payment of British Duties, and no other, without incurring any Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, whatfo-i

ever: And if any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, navigated according to the true Intent and Meaning of

this Act, and which have arrived in any Port of this Realm (ince the said twenty-fifth Day of March last

past, or the Cargo or Cargoes of such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, shall have been seized, such Ship

or Ships, Vessel or Vefl'cls, with their respective Cargoes, shall be delivered to the re/pedHve Owners and

Proprietors thereof, on Payment of British Duties only, and no other, without any Pains, Penalties, or

Forfeitures whatsoever; the Act of the twelfth of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other

Act or Acts to the contrary thereof, notwithstanding.

Ship, or its Cargo, has been seized, the fame shall be delivered to the Owners, on Payment of British

Recital of an

A& 13 Geo. II,

Any Foreign

Seaman who,

during the late

War, or the pre-

sent Hostilitier,

shall have faith-

fully served on

Board any Bri-

tiih Ship for two

Years, shall be

deemed a natural

born Sut>j:d of

Great Britain.

Any Ship which,

since March zg,.

1779, ha8 >r-

rived, or during

the present Hof-

tilities shall ar-

rive, in any Port

of this Realm,

navigated ac-

cording to tbia

Act, may be

entered, Ac.

on Payment of

British Duties t

And if any such

Duties only.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for amending and rendering more eflfedlual two Acts, passed in the tenth and

eleventh Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for better /applying the City of Worcester,

and the Liberties thereof, with Water, and for the better paving and lighting the said City, and

for removing and preventing all Objlruftions and Annoyances therein.

TTZHBR E AS an Act was made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. Preamble.

c VV An Act for better supplying the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof, with Water, and Recital of Aflz

for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Objlruftions and Annoy- 10 Ce0,111

ances therein: And whereas another Act was made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

4 jesty, intituled, An Act to explain a Clause in an Act of the last Session of Parliament for better fufiplying j and xi Geo.III.

44 the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof \ with Water, and for better paving and lighting the said>

<4 City, and for removing and preventing all Objlruftions and Annoyances thereinand great Progress hath,

4 been made towards completing the said Works: And whereas the Commissioners are in and by the

4 said recited Acts, or one of them, required and impowered to direct how much Money shall be raised.

4 upon all Messuages, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments, within the said City, whereof any,

4 Part was situated within thirty Yards from any Main Pipe; but no House, Warehouse, Building, Te-

4 nement, or Hereditament, of or under the yearly Rent of five Pounds is liable to be rated by virtue of

the said recited Acts: And whereas the Money directed to be raised by the Rate authorised by the said

4 Acts is found insufficient to defray the Expence of completing the Purposes of the said Acts, particularly

the lighting of the said City; and it is necessary that the said Commissioners should have Power to raise

4 annually a larger Sum by a higher Rate than is at present authorised to be raised, and that Houses and

4 Tenements of less annual Value than five Pounds should be liable to be rated: And whereas the said Acts

4 have in several other Particulars been found defective, and want Amendment:’ May it therefore please

your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That so much of the Clause in the said Act, passed in Provtfiontof the

the tenth Year of his present Majesty 3 Reign, which directs and authorises the said Commissioners to raise |brmrr rc*

Money for the Purposes of the said Act by an equal Pound-rate on all Meflfuages, Tenements, Buildings, ^pealed,

and Hereditaments, within the said City (except as therein is excepted), the fame not to exceed one p

Shilling in the Pound per Annum; and also that so much of the Clause or Proviso in the said Act which

provides, that no Person shall be rated or pay to the Rates or Assessments, which shall be made by virtue

of the said Act, for any House, Warehouse, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, of or under the

yearly Rent or Value of five Pounds (unless the Occupier thereof shall desire to be rated), be, and the

fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said CommiflEoners, or any seven Ratesnottoex-

ot more of them, are hereby impowered and required yearly and every Year, or oftener as there shall be "cd *« lhe

Vol. XIII. Part IV. Xxx Occasion, tw*

