6o 2 C. 6$.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1780.

Mvrtul or War-

den not xnfwer-

ble for Efcapca

until such Re*

parationt are

made, dec.

The Warden ef

the Fleet Prifoa

®t answerable

for the Escape

of Prifooers com-

mitted to hit

Custody finceth*

Dcftrudion of

the said Prison;

but such Surren-

ders shall be valid

in Law, and the

Bail shall be dif-

ebarged, fee.

At soon at It shall,

be notified in the

London Gacettr,

that the King's

Bruch or Fleet

Prison it proper-

ly repaired, all

Pet font who

escaped thereout

during the late'

Tomu’.t*, fee.

shall, within aS

Days, surrender

themfeWes to the

respcdlive Keep-

er, so at to be-

come actual Pri-

soners therein ;

or shall lose all

theBenefitofthia

AO, and be in-

capable of talcing

the Benefit

of any future

in such Manner and Form as is herein-before directed concerning such Prisoners as were set at large, and

shall have surrendered or offered to surrender themselves in Manner herein-before set forth; provided ne-

vertheless, that the Marfcal or Warden shall not be answerable for the Escape of any such Prisoner or*

Prisoners, until the Prisons of the Kings Bench and the Fleet respectively shall have been repaired as afore-

said, or other Prison or Prisons substituted in the Place thereof, and such Defendant or Defendants shall be

in their actual Custody.

c VII. And whereas there is not at present any Place of safe Custody for Prisonera committed by the

4 Courts of Chancery, Common Bench, and Exchequer; and it may have happened that Persons (since

€ the Destruction of the said Prison of the Fleet) may have been committed to the Custody of the Warden

4 of the Fleet, in Discharae of their Bail, or otherwise, whereby the said Warden may be liable to answer

4 for the Escape of such rrifoners be it further eoafted, That the said Warden, until the said Prison of

the Fleet shall be repaired and made fit for the Reception of Prisoners, or some other Prison appointed in

lieu thereof, and such Prisoner shall be received within the Walls of such Prison, shall not be answerable

for the Escape of such Prisoners; nevertheless such Surrenders shall be good and valiij in Law, and the

Bail shall be, and are exonerated and discharged, and such Prisoners (halT and are hereby required in all

Things to conform to the Rules and Directions herein-before prescribed concerning such Prisoners who

have been set at large, and have surrendered, or tendered themselves to be surrendered, in Manner herein*

before mentioned; and thereupon shall be deemed and taken to be in actual Custody, and liable to be pro-

ceeded against as such in the Manner herein before mentioned.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enabled and declared. That so soon as the said Prison9 of

the King's Bench and the Fleet respectively shall be repaired and made fit for the Reception of Prisoners, or

other Prison or Prisons substituted in liAi thereof, and the fame shall be notified in the London Gazette by

one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, all and every Prisoner or Prisoners who have escaped or

been at Liberty in Consequence of the said Tumults and Insurreftiops, and also all such Person or Persons,

Defendant or Defendants, who hath or have since been committed, and who, under the Provisiops herein-,

before mentioned, are to be deemed and taken as if in Custody of the said M?r(ha) or Warden respeClively,

within twenty-eight Days next after such Notice given in the London Gazette of the Repair or the said

Prisons, or either of them respectively, or of any other Prison or Prisons being appointed ip lieu thereof,

or of either of them, shall, and are hereby required to surrender themselves to the Keeper of such of the

said Prisons to which they shall respectively belong, and in whose Custody they are, under the Provision*.

of this Act, deemed and taken to be, so as to become actual Prisoners, and within the Walls of such Prison,

or Prisons respectively; and every such Prisoner or Prisoners, Person or Persons, Defendant or Defendants,

herein-before mentioned, who shall neglect or refuse so to do, not having apy reasonable Excuse in that

Behalf, shall forfeit and lose all the Privilege and Benefit of this A&, and mall and may be retaken by(

any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs as in case of wilful Escape; and such Prisoner or Prisoners, Person or Per-’

fons, Defendant and Defendants, shall be, and are hereby declared and rendered for ever incapable of

taking the Benefit of any Act which may at any Time hereafter be passed for the Relief of insolvent

Debtors.

Insolvency A&.

This Act not to

extend to Pri-

Toners confined

in the New Pri-

Ton, or Mirshall

Tea, on June 8,

*780.

The Sheriff of

Middlesex, until

Newgate is re*

pairrd, Sec. may

confine IVifons,

taken by h»m on

anyCivil Procefr,

in any Place of

Security within

the£ounty, fee.

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construfd to extend, to

the Cafe of any Prisoner or Prisoners who, on the eighth Day of June> in the present Year of our Lord

one thousand seven hundred and eighty, was or wcrdconfinad in the New Prison or the Marshalsea Prison,

under the Custody of the Matfhal.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority a fore said. That, until the Prison of Newgate shall be

rebuilt or repaired, or other Prison substituted in the Place thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the

Sheriff of the County of Middlesex to confine aoy Person or Persons who were pot in Custody at the Time

of the Destruction of the Gaol called Newgate, and who hath, since the Destruction of the said Gaol of

Newgate, been, or shall be hereafter arrelled or taken in Execution by the said Sheiiff, on any Civil Pro-

cess, in any other Gaol or PUce of Security within the County of Middlesex \ and such Gaol or Place of

Security shall be subject to all such Regulations and Provisions as County Gaols are by Law subject to;

anJ the Name of such Gaol or Place of Security, together with the Names of the Prisoners therein, and

of the causes in which they are anefted or detained, shall be fixed up in some public and open Place id

the said Sheriff’s Office,

Rreamble.

Recital of

J7 Geo. Ill,

CAP. LXV.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, as relates to tlx more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the of

Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guifeley, Calverley, Batley, Birftal, Mirfield,

Hartiihead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and

the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the Riding of the County of York; and for grant-

ing other Bowers for those Purposes; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Court

Baron of the Manor of KigbUy, in the said County.

,'IT7'HEREAS an Adf was passed, in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

yV more easy and spee ly Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, KigbJry,

Bingley, Guileley, Calverley, Batley, Birftal, Mirfield, Hartiihead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirk.-

heaton,

