37*

Gbmmiflii ntri

iinjmvtred to

borrow Money,

tn4 to affipn the

'Rues as s Secu-

rity.

Further Secur‘ty

to the Lenders.

Alignment* of

the Rates may

be transferred.

The Oceopiert

only to be taxed

for Repairs after

the Money bor-

rowed /hall be

paid and the

WorJu com-

pleted.

Pwnishment fer

tied roying the

Works.

Penalty for

epening Flood-

gates, &c.

C. 33. Anno decimo nono Georgii III, A. 0.1779.

4 XXVII; And for as much as the Money so to be assessed, rated, levied, collected, and gathered, as

4 aforesaid, will not be sufficient to defray the immediate Expeoces of making such new Channel, .Banks,

* Bridges, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Tunnels, Cloughs, Sluices, and Outlets, and of erecting and making

4 such Flood-gates, Engines, Locks, Weirs, and other Works, as will be necessary for the Draining and

* speedy Improvement of the faici Low Lands be it further enacted, That the said Com mi dinners* or any

three or more of them, assembled at any Meeting to be held as aforesaid, shall and may, and are hereby

impowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of, Money which,

they dull think necessary for the making, carrying on, repairing and preserving the said Works, and other

the Purposes of this Act; and by Writing under their Hands and Seals (without Stamps) to a&gn over

the said yearly Rates and Taxes hereby charged or to be charged upon the Owners and Occupiers of

the said Low Lands, and every or any Part thereof (the Costs and Charges of the Alignments to be paid

out of the said Rates or Taxes), as a Security for the Repayment of such Sum or Sums, with Interest, to

the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Sum or S,ums, -His, her., ,ot their, Trusteeor Trustees,

Executors, Administrators, or Aligns; which Money so to be borrowed shall be applied and disposed of

in making such new Channel, Banks, Bridges, CutDrains, Dams, Tunnels, Ch ughs. Sluices, and

Outlets, and erecting and making such Flood gates. Engines, Locks, We^rs, and other Works, as wijl

be necessary lor draining and improving; ttye said Low Lands, and for other^hc Purposes of this A<d, and

to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever. , . .. » it ' ' , ;

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Rates, Taxes, and Supjs of Money to be aifefled or

-charged by virtue of this Act, upon the Owners or Occupiers of the said Low Lands, shall be charged and

chargeable, in the first place, with the Payment of the Principal Money so to be borrowed, and the In-

iereft of such Money from Time to Time, and shall vest in the respective Creditors upon Default of Pay-

ment of such principal Money and Interest, until the fame shall be duly Satisfied and paid, together with

the Costs and Charges occasioneh by the Non-payment thereof; but subject nevertheless to the.Payment

of such Sum or Sums of Money, with IntcrdL, as shall be agreed to be paid, or shall be assessed for Da-

mages, :as herein-before is mentioned ; and the said Creditors, their Executors, Administrators, and Af-

signs rejnedively, shall have the fame Power, Rights, and Privileges, of raising and recovering the several

Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money, payable by the several Owners and Occupiers of the said Low Lands,

for and in respect of such Principal Money and Interest, in case of Default of Payment thereof, as the said

CommiiConers, or their Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, could have had in case the said

Principal and Interest Money had been regularly and duly facisfud and paid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person to whom any Alignment of the said Rates and

Taxes shall be made, for securing any such Sum or Sums of Money lent as aforesaid, or who shall Ije

entitled to the Money thereby secured, shall have full Power, from l ime to Time, by Indorsement on the

original Grant, Alignment, or Security, or otherwise, by any Wiring or Writings* without Stamps, to

assign or transfer the fame to any Person or Persons whomsoever ; and such Transfer or Alignment, from

and after the Time that a Copy of the fame shall be entered iq a Book to be kept by the/aid Commission-1

ers for that Purpose (which Entry their Clerk or Treasurer is hereby required to make, upon producing

such Assignment, and Payment of five Shillings for making the same), shall entitle such Assignee or At-

signees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, nr Afligqs, to the principal Sum, and all Interest

due or to grow due thereupon; and such Assignee or Assignees, and his, her, or their Executors, Adeni-.

nistrators, or Assigns, may in like Manner ailign the fame again, and so toiies q.uoties, as Occasion shall

require, every such Alignment being entered as aforesaid.

XXX ProviJed always, and be it further enacted. That from and after the Principal Money which shall

be borrowed for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid, and the lnieieft thereof, shall have been fully paid

and satisfied, and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have certified in Writing,

signed by them, that the said Works for draining and preserving of the said Low Lands have be* n com-

pleted and finished, the respective Occupiers only of the said Low Lands shall from thenceforth be assessed,

rated, and taxed, yearly and every Year, for and towards the repairing, maintaining, and preserving of

such Works, at and after such annual Acre Rate or Tax, as aforesaid ; and the fame shall be paid by such.

Occupiers without having any Abatement or Allowance out of their or any of their Rent, from the re-

fptdive Owners of the said Low Lands, or of any Part thereof, or otherwise howsoever; any Tiling

herein contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times wilfully,

maliciously, and wantonly, burn, cut, throw down, or otherwise destroy, or cause, or procure, or hire

any Person or Persons to burn, cut, throw down, or otherwise destroy, any Bridge, Baulk. Mill, Clough,

Eneine, Flood gate. Lock, Weir, or Sluice, which now is or are, or at any Time or Times hereafter

shall be making or erecting, or made or erected, for draining and improving the said Low Lands, and

shall be thereof lawfully convicted, every such Person shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penal-

ties as in Cafes of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, (HaU

and have hereby Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be punifljtd, in like Manner as

Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statures of this Realm; or, in Mitigation of such

Punishment, such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of Petit

Larceny.

XXXII. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter

wilfully, maliciously, or wantonly open, or cause to be opened, any of the said Flood gates, Cloughs, or

Tunnels, or other railage for Water, to the Prejudice of the said Low Lands, or any Part thereof, or.

stop, dam up, spoil, or damage, or cause, procure, or hire any Person to flop, spoil, or damage, any Drain*;

Water-couife, Tunnel, Bridge, or other Work or Works which now is or are, or at any Time or Time*,

6 hereafter

