$8a

Fcnalry on Tra»

velUn not de-

livering Day-

tickets, &c.

Penalty on tak-

ing off the be-

fore mentioned

Brass or Tin

Plate, in order

toevadePaynsent

bf the Duty 3

and oa Drivers

of Carriages pair-

ing through any

Turnp.ke with-

out such Plate*

Description of

the Certificates

to be delivered

to Traveller!

who dull hire

Horsei for two

Days, or more.

If Traveler!

neglect to take

such Cert fica'es,

&c, they (hell

pay it. 6d. for

each Horse,

which the Gate-

keeper may re-

tain to his own

Ufc,

Penalty on Pod-

masters, dec. de-

livering false

'Certificate!, Ac,

Horset hired for

eny less Time

than 1 wo D ys,

shall be desmed

to be hired for

one Day.

Penally on Cate-

keepers for Ne-

gleet of Duty,

fenemtraeion of

Particulars to be

inftrted by Pcft-

mafiers, &c. in

the Account to

beddivr dthem

fr »rn the Surn£-

ofiice.

At what Times

licenko Pei Ions

vchoing in JLon-

a 5i(

Anno vicefimO G b o r g i i III.

A.D. 1780;

with such Horse or Horses, for which such Day-ticket shall have been given; And if any Person or Persons,.

to whom such Day-ticket or Tickets shall be delivered as aforesaid,* shall neglect or refuse to leave the

fame at such first Turnpike, as aforesaid*, or shall refuse to shew the Ticket, so given to him in Exchange,

at every Turnpike through which he, (he, or they shall on that Day paf$, ,as aforesaid, he, (he, or they

shall pay, for every Horse then used by him, her, or them, the Sum' of one Shilling and six Pence before

such Horse or Horses shall pass through such Turnpike, and the Gate-keeper or Gate-keepers thereof is and

are hereby authorised to a(k, demand, and retain the fame to his, her, or their own Use; and where the

Name of the Owner of the Carriage shall be marked on the Foot-board or Seat, or Pole, Shaft, or Splin-

ter-bar, as herein-before is directed to be done^ where the Carriage is let out to Hire at the fame Time

with the Horses, then such Gate-keeper or Gate-keepers shall not permit such Horse or Horses to pa(«

through until such Traveller shall have paid the fame, or left such Day-ticket or Tickets, or shall have pro*

duced and shewn such Exchange Ticket, as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall take

off, or cause to be taken o(F, the Brass or Tin Plate, herein-before directed to be affixed on Carriages used

as herein-before mentioned, with an Intent to evade the Payment of the Duty, or the Sum of one shilling

and six Pence for each Horse to be paid at the Turnpike, as herein-before is directed; every such Person

or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the

same Manner as the other Penalties in this A& are directed to be recovered and applied.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Carriage, upon which

any Brass or Tin Plate is directed to be affixed as aforesaid, shall pass through any Turnpike without having,

such Brass or Tin Plate then affixed thereon, in the Manner herein-before directed, the Driver or Drivers*

of every such Carriage shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be recovered and applied in

the Manner herfein-after appointed.

4 XVII. And, in order to prevent any Obstruction or Inconvenience to Travellers, where Horses shall

4 be let to Hire for two Days, or more, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster*

Innkeeper, or other Person, when be shall let to Hire for two Days, or a longer Space of Time* apy

Horses for drawing a Carriage on any Pod or public Road, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the

Person travelling in such Carriage, or to the Driver thereof, a Note or Certificate, to be supplied from the

Stamp-office, on which shall be engraved or printed (Hired for two or more Days), and to which such

Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Peifpn, shall add the Dav of the Month, and the Name and Place of his

Abode; and the Driver of such Carriage shall, at every Turnpike through which he shall pass, (Hewto

the Toll-gatherer there the Note or Certificate so given to him as aforesaid: And if c*iy Person of PeTfons

so hiring such Horses for the Purposes aforesaid, shall have neglected to take such Note or Certificate a%

above specified, or shall refuse to shew the fame at the several Turnpikes through which he, (be, or tfcey,

shall pass, such Traveller or Travellers shall pay, for every Horse then used by him, her, or tboip,) thi'

Sum of one Shilling and six Pence, before such Horses be permitted to pass such Toll-gate, which the fai*i

Toll-gate Keeper is hereby authorised to a(k, demand, and receive, and to retain to his own Use,^nd ^ot

to permit such Horses to pass till such Travellers shall have paid the fame, or produced such Note or Cerr»

ttficate as aforesaid ; and if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall, in such Note or Certificate,

insertany false or fi&itiousName, or Place of his, her, or their Abode, or shall, in letting out such Horses

for the Purposes aforesaid, by any Device or Collusion pretend to hire for a longer Space of Tjme, with

an Intent to evade the Duty hereby imposed, such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall, for eyeiy

such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds; and the said Commissioners (half, if they think fij, after

Conviction of such Offender, refuse to grant such Offender any Licence in future.

- XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That every Horse, hired for the Purpose

of drawing any Carriage as aforesaid, for any less Period of Time than two complete Days, shall be deemed,

for the Purposes of this A&, to be hired for a Day, and shall be subject to all the Rules, Regulations,/

and Restrictions, as Horses hired for a Day, or less Period of Time, for drawing such Carriages as afore-

said, are by this A& made liable and subject to.

■ XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Toll gate Keeper who (half

have received any of the Day-tickets herein-before mentioned, and shall refuse to give any Traveller or

Travellers, gratis, the Ticket hereby directed to be given in Exchange, or who shall deliver the Exchange

Ticket without having leceived in lieu thereof the Scamp-office Day-Ticket, as herein-before mentioned,

or who shall make, or permit or (uffer to be made, sny Alteration in any of the Tickets hereby directecT

So be filed by him or her, after such Tickets shall have come to his or her Custody, or shall deliver any

of the Tickets, directed to be received and filed by him or her, to any Person or Persons other than*

the Person or Persons duly authorised, as herein-afeer mentioned, to receive the same, he or ftie shall,

for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings,'to be recovered as herein-after

is directed.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper,

or other Person, so licensed to let Horses as aforesaid, shall insert in the Account herein-before fpccitied,

so delivered to him, her, or them, from the Stamp-Office, the Number of Horses used in travelling Post,

and the Number of Miles for which such Horses shall have been so used, also the Number of Horses let to

Hire for a Day, or any less Period of Time, and the Day of the Month on which the fame were used,

together with the Names of the Postillions or Drivers employed ; which said Account shall be figued by

such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, and witntlfed by the Heftier or

other Servant employed in preparing and getting ready such Horses, and shall he open, when required, to

the Inspection of any Person or Persons duly authorised, under the Hands and Seals of the said Commis-

sioners for managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to infpc& the fame ; and such

Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, residing in the City of London or Li-

3 berty

