A. D, 1780.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

C. 30.

545

the said Islands; and if any such Ship or Vessel shall be taken or surprised on her Voyage by any of his

Majesty’s Ships or Vessels of War, or by any private Ship or Vessel having Letters of Maraue or General

Reprisals, then the Matter or Commander, or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel,

shall produce such Manifest to the Captain, or other Commanding Officer, of any of his Majesty’s Ships

or VeffeJs of War, or to the Matter or Commander of such private Ship or Vessel having such Letters of

Maraue or General Reprisals, who shall immediately release such Neutral Ship or Vessel, and the Goods

and Merchandises on Board the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwith-

ffandine.

III. And be it further ena£led by the Authority aforesaid. That no Goods or Merchandise, of the

Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said Islands, which shall be found on Board any Drogher or

other Vessel, employed for conveying the fame from one Bay of the said Islands to another, for the Pur-

pose of loading the fame on Board any Neutral Ship or Vefl'el, for any Neutral Port, shall be liable to Con-

fifcation or Condemnation as lawful Prize.

liable to

IV. Provided always. That nothing contained in this Act shall extend,-or be construed to extend, to

prote£k from Condemnation any Goods or Merchandise which shall be found on Board any Ships or Vessels

which may have taken in any Part of their Loadings or Cargoes at any other Island than Grenada or the

Grenadines, the Whole of which Loadings or Cargoes shall be liable to Confiscation and Condemnation as

lawful Prize ; any Thing in this Act to the contrary m any wise notwithstanding*

V. Provided always, and be it enacted. That nothing contained in this Act shall extend, or be con-

ftrued to extend, to affect any Sentence of any Court of Vice-admiralty respe£Hng any Goods orMerchan-

difeof the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said Islands of Grenada and the Grenadines, that may

have been, or may be, condemned by any such Court, on or before the first Day of June, one thousand

seven hundred and eighty.

VI. Provided also. That no Captain, or other Commanding Officer of any of his Majesty’s Ships or

Vessels of War, or the Matter or Commander of any Private Ship or Vessel having Letters of Marque or

General Reprisal, shall be liable to any Suit or Action for or on account of having detained any Ships or

Vessels, Goods or Merchandise, which, by virtue of this A61, are not subject to Confiscation, in case it

shall appear that such Captain or other Commanding Officer of any of his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels of

War, or such Matter or Commander of any private Ship or Vessel having Letters of Marque of General

Reprisal, has not had Knowledge of the passing of this Act at the Time of the Capture ; provided that

such Captain or other Commanding Officer, or such Matter or Commander, shall immediately, on receiv-

ing Notice of this Act, make full and complete Restitution of such Ships or Vessels, Goods or Mer-

chandife, to the Owners thereof, according as the Cafe may be.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar

imported into this Kingdom.

€ Mott Gracious Sovereign,

c \X7 E, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

c YV assembled, towards raising by the most easy Means the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty’s

* public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several

* Kates, Duties, and Impositions, herein-after mentioned 5 and do most humbly beseech your Majesty

* that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament-

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the tenth Day dr May, one thousand

seven hundred and eighty, over and above all Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and all other Subsidies,

additional Duties, and Impositions, whatsoever, due and payable for all Wines and Vinegar imported into

Great Britain, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, there shall be raised, levied, collected,

and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (before landing thereof), the additional Impo-1

fuions, Rates or Duties following, without ahyxDifcount or Deduction inwards whatsoever; (that is

to say).

For every Ton of French Wine and French Vinegar which shall be imported into this Kingdom, the Sum

of eight Pounds; and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity :

And also for every Ton of all other Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of four

Pounds; and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity.

II. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conftnied to extend, to lay

any further Duties upon Wines damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, and for which the Merchants or

Importers thereof shall refuse to pay or secure the Duties ; and which by an Act, passed in the twelfth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of his

Majesty s Revenues of Customs, Excise, and inland Duties, are, on such Refusal, directed to be received into

the Custody of proper Officers of the Customs, to be publicly fold, in order to be distilled into Brandy, or

to be made into Vinegar.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Duties herein-

before granted, shall be also subject and liable to an additional Impost or Duty of five Pounds per Centum,

ift the Ume Manner, and under the fame Regulations, as the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum

18

IfinyfuchVeflel

/hall be taken by

a King's Ship or

Privateer, on

producing the

/aid Manifest to

the Captain, See*

Ihefbailbe inline*

d'ateiy rrleased.

Goods found on

Board any Drog-

her employed in

con?e*ing the

t* me from Bay to

B.y, Sec. not

Condemnation.

This Act not to

protest any Vef-

fels, except their

whole Cargo war

taken in at Gre-

nada or the Gre-

nadines ;

Nor toast'eft the

Sentence of any

Vice-admbalty

Court previous

toJune 1, 1780.

Comm nders of

King's Ships,

Sec. not to

any Action for

defining Vef-

fels contrary to

this Act, i/ they

were ignorant of

the passing there-

of at the Time of

the Capttre, 9c C*.

Preamble.

After May TO,

1780, the fol-

lowing addition- ‘

a) Duties to be

laid on Wines

and Vinegar im-

ported into Great

. Britain, vis.

On French Wine

and Vinegir 81.

per Ton 4

and on all other

Wines and Vine-

gar, 41, per Ton#

No additional

Doty to be laid

on damaged-

Wines.

TheDutiet above

mentioned liable

to an additional

Impost of 5 per

Cent intheUmt

Manner as the

