A. D. 1777; Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. 50.: 125

tions, Penalties, nnd Forfeitures, herein-Dfore preferihed or contained, for the betfer levying, fanning,

or accounting for the (hid Duties, shall br obfarvrd in the Did several Collections and Diihicts respectively,

as if the Dme were again particularly rep* ated and re cnaiited-

V ill- Pro\ ided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing herein contained {hall extend,

or he conitrurd to restrain any Seller by Auction, or Per fan acting as Auctioneer at any Sales by way of

Auction, from making it a Condition of Sale, that the’Pound-rate gran cd by this Act, or any certain

Foitio : thereof, fnali be p iid by the Purchaser, over and above the Pi ice bidden at fuel) Sale by Auction ;

and in Inch Cafe, the Person so acting as Auctioneer is hereby authorised and required to demand Pay-

ment of the said Duty from ftrch Purchaser or Purchasers, or such Portion thereof as txptelltd in such Con-

C tion or Agreement, and upon Neglect or Refusal to pay the fame, such Bidding shall be null and void to

all Indents and Purposes,

iX. Provided also, T'hnt nothirig in this A& contained shall be conflrucd to alter, change, determine,

or make void, any other Condition, Contract, Covenant, or Agreement whatsoever, between any Buyer

or Seller by Auction, or any other Person, touching the Payment of any of the Rates or Duties hereby rtv

specti\c 1 y impoled, so as tl.e fame do not extend to the Icfiening or Abatement of the full Sum appointed

by this Act to be raised, levied, collected, and paid, as is herein-before mentioned and directed, any Thing

herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the real

Owner of any Lftate, Goods, or Erfiedls, put up to Sale by way of Auction, {hall become the Purchaser

by means of his own bidding, or the bidding of any other Person on his Behalf, or for his Use, at such

Sale, without Fraud or Collusion, then and in such C afe the respective Commissioners of Excise in Great

Britain, and such Collectors, Supervisors, and other Officers of Excise, as are hereby respectiveiv auiho-

rifed within their respective Collections and Di(hi£ts to receive the said Duties, are hereby am honied and

required to make an Allowance to such Owner of the Duties arising by this Adf upon such Bidding; pro-

vided Notice be given to the Audiioneer before such Bidding, both by the Owner and the Person intended

to be the Bid cr, of the latter being appointed by the former, and having agreed accordinglyto bid at the

Sale, for the Ufa and Behoof of the Sdier; and provided such Notice he verified by the Oath of the Auc-

tioneer, as also the Kairnels and Reality of the fa id 7‘ranfadf ion, to the bell of his Knowledge and Belief:

And in case any Dilpure shall arile whether such Purchase by the Owner was not made by Collusion, or

in e rd-.r to leffin the lull Sum appointed by this Act to be paid, or concerning the Fairness of such Trail-

faction ; the n, and in such Cates, the Proof thereof fnali lie upon the Person acting as Audiioneer ; and on

Fa'hre the* cm, or in cate of any unfair Practice, th^n no such Allowance ihali be made, as aforesaid, any

7 ning hen in contain- d to the contrary not withllanaing.

XL Pr vi :eu aifa, and it is hereby father enacted, That nothing in this Ac! contained shall extend to

any Sale o Sales by way of Audlion of E l ites or Chattels, made by any Rule, or Order, or Decree, of

hi> Maj«.Ity’s Court of Chancery, or of Exchequer, in England, before the Masters in Chancery, or the

Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer; or by any Order or Decree of the Courts of Scf-

fi ‘n or Exchequer in Scotland respective1 v ; or at any such Sales made by the Ea/l India Company, or the

Hu [}':>'s tiny Co npiny. or determined by ( fader of his Maj- flv’s Commission^s for the Duty of Culloms or of Excise,

01 \ \ ()iuer or the Board of Cfadnance, or Commissioners of the Navy and \ idualling, or any such Sales

ol k*t 1 cj or Chattels made by the oheriffiin Execution of Judgments, or of Goods distrained for Rent, or

fi-i A 'i:p< k nxnt of Tithes, or of Goods and Effects of Bankrupts, sold by Order of the Affiances, under

a C<!U'ii.i;-:on ot Bankruptcy, any Thing herein contained t » the contrary notwithstanding.

XU. i roviied also, and i: is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this

Ad li 71 e'tend, or be conllrued to extend, to charge with the said Tax or Duty, any Goods imported

in*o ci is K’ng iom by way o! Merchandize from any B itish Colr.ny or Plantation in America, on the fix IF

Safa of kkv. Goods, by or for the Account of the original Importer, to whom the fame were consigned,

ana by v/norn they w:ie entered at the Custom-house, at the Port of Importation, so as Inch Sale be made

wmoi twtive Months a'ter such Goods fh *11 be so imported ; nor to any Ships, or their Tackle, Apparel,

ana Purnirure, or the Cargoes the.oof, which mny be taken and condemned ns Prize, which shall he fold

in thn K.up'nm, determined by or fi r the Benefit of the Captors thereof; nor to any Ships or Goods that may be

wrt\!ud or branded in this K'npJom, and sold by Auction for the Benefit of the Insurers or Proprietors

thereof ; or v Lie h rmy bt f VI nee of Duty to ch fray the Charges of Salvage; nor to Sales made for the

Bcmtu o: Credit- rs, by the Direction of* my Deed or Deeds, executed before the fiill Day of April, one

ti'OufanJ liven bundled and Lvt nty-seven ; nor to Sales made by Trtidces, ehoftn in pursuance of an Act,

r;-i V* ir ihe rwelrtn Year of the R ign of his prefant lYRjefly (mtituled. An Act for rendering the Payment of

t fa' tn.i n $ of Eld vent Debtors r? ore equal and expedi!:ou$, and for regulating the Diligence cf ihe Law by Ar-

te'lr.ct a \ d id min'and i\r extending the Privilege of Bills to Promt I fry Notes, and for limiting Attions

tip Bids and Pnnujl r\ N tes, in that Part cf Great Britain calledScotland); any Thing herein contained

to ; Ol* \ o r; f r a - v notwi hilai-Jing.

Xnl Ptovid d also. That no hing in this Act contained shall extend to the Sale or Sales of any Estate

or Rifa: s to be fain by a Eta e or Lcafas, or Copy or Copies of Court Rolls or Entries, for a Life or

17.ls, or for any Tam or 'Terms of Years ; or to the Sale or Sales of any Woods, Coppices, Produce of

JU’:h »; (V nr.its, 01 to aoy Contract relating thereto, or to the cutting or woiking the lame, or to the

S.dc o* any Materials tred in th.e working of such Mines or Quarries reipecHvely ; cxr to the S7c of any

Can • m an ; live or dead Stork, o* unm mufactmed Produce of Land ; so as such Sale or .^ales ot Woods,

CMpp-cc*. Pro luce of Muies or Quarries, Cat le. Corn, Stork, or Produce of Land, be made whilil tfiey

con: .n ie. ..11 the L inds producing the f me, and determined by the (Kvner or Owners of such Lan is, or Proprietor or

Prop.iciuis of, or AJvcmuitr or Adventurers in, fuJi Alines or Quarries rcipc&ively? or by his or their

Steward

A u^ioneer rmy

nv*ke it ,i Coa-

diti >n ot Sale,

that the Pur-

clul’rr ih .11 pay

the R ite prau.cd

by this Act,

This Act not to

alter any Con-

tract between

Rover *nd heller

by Auction,

If the Owner of

any Eihttc, &c,

h lii by A uCtion,

Hull be n e Pur-

cha !tr, he shall

be allowed the

Dulief j

provided Notice

be ^iven to the

Auctioneer

before the

Sale, &rc.

who fh:i• 1 make

Oath of the

fame, &c.

Certain Sales to

which this Act

shall no: extend*

This Act not to

extend to the

first Sale of

C ;cds imported

from any Pri-

ti/h Colony in

America, Ac.

n - r to Ships, Sec*

taken as Pri?e,

and fold for the

Bt nefit of the

Ciptors, See•

m r to Sales

made for the

Benoit ot Cre-

ditors, &c.

Sales of cfrtairi

Elates, Woods,

& c. ■o which

th:s Act shall

not extend*

I

