A. D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii IIfr C* 51. 585

fowered to adnainifter such Oath and Affirmation, to the Truth of the Accounts theft delivered, in the

'orm following:

4 j A. B. do swear, (or affirm, as the Cafe may require)% That the several weekly Accounts now by me The Oath,

4 * delivered of the Duties arising upon Hories, whion I have let for the Purpose of travelling Post, or

4 other wise, from the Day of to the Day of . as far as the fame

4 have been entered and kept by me, are fair, just, and true Accounts; and as far as they have been

4 entered and kept by any other Person or Persons, 1 verily believe to be true.

* So help me GOD.’

XXXVII. And be it further enaSed by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first No Person AalF

Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, no Person who shall keep any four-wheeled out f0i Hire

Chaise, or other Machine, commonly called A Diligence or Post-coach, or by what Name soever such Car- or Pon^coTcb^

riage or Carriages now are, or hereafter shall be called or known, for the Purpose of conveying in the &c without*

I nude thereof any Number of Pass ngers, not exceeding four, for Hire, from Stage to Stage, or from Licence,

Place to Place, or who shall keep any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calafti with four Wheels, Chaise-

marine, Chaise with four Wheels, or other Machine, by what Name soever the fame now is, or hereafter

shall be called or known, to be employed as public Stage-Coaches or Carriages, for the Purpose of convey-

ing Passengers, for Hire, to and from different Places within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall let out

the fame for such Purpose, without having fitft obtained a Licence under the Hands of two of the said

Commissioner9 for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or some Person duly

authorised by them, upon Pain to forfeit, for every Time such Diligence, or other Machine, shall be so on Penalty of 51.

used, the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed. for each offence.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, from and after the passing of Commissioner*

this A&, any two or more of his Majesty’s Comm iffi oners appointed for managing the Duties arising by of Stamp-dut e*

Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or some Person duly authorised by them, shall grant Licences, to grant such

under their Hands and Seals, to any Person or Persons who shall apply for the fame, to let out for Hire p7r7»w*0o shall

any such Diligence, Coach, or other Carriage, directed to be licensed by virtue of this Act, for the Space- apply for them.

of one Year, to commence from the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, upon

all Licences to be granted on or before that Day; and upon Licences, to be first granted to any Person or

Persons after the said first Day of August y to commence from the Day of, the Date of such Licences ; which Licences robe

said Licence shall be renewed at least ten Days previous to the Expiration of the Year for which it was

granted \ and if the Person or Persons so licensed shall continue to let out for Hire such Diligence, or Expiradon,

other Machine, Coach, or other Carriage, hereby directed to be licensed, he, (he, or they shall, in the

feme Manner, renew such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the respective Sums due for such

Licence, and so yearly and every Year, as long as he, (he, or they shall continue to let out such Diligence,.

or other Machine, for the Purpose aforesaid.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person or Persons, so licensed OnlyemeDHi-

to let out Diligences, Coaches, or other Carriages, hereby directed to be licensed, shall, by virtue Of one g«, ©e. tobr>

Licence, keep more than one Diligence, Coach, or other Carriage, for the Purposes aforesaid. kept by virtue of

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every Person and Persons, lic^nffd Per-

so licensed to ufc any Diligence, or other Machine, for the Purpose of conveying in the Inside thereof any fons ^”ay

Number of Paifenger$, not exceeding four, as aforesaid, or any Coach or Coaches, Carriage or Carriages, Halfpenny for

to be employed as public Stage-coaches as aforesaid, (frail yield and pay to his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue- every Mile their

ceflors, the Sum of one Halfpenny for every Mile every such Diligence, Machine, Coach or Coaches, or Diligence,

other Carriage or Carnages, shall be so used or travel as aforesaid. ^al1 trav€l

XLI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Per- and shall declare,

fbns, (b licensed to use such Diligence or Machine as aforesaid, or any Coach or Coaches, or other Car- ^benthey re-

riage or Carriages, to be employed as public Stage coaches as aforesaid, dial], at the Time of receiving etner* to^and"

such Licence, declare from what Place and to what Place such Diligence or Machine, Coach or Coaches, from what Placet

or other Carriage or Carriages, hereby directed to be licensed, is intended to be used, distinguishing the it is intended to

Distance or Number of Miles between the two extreme Towns or other Places such Diligence, Coach or be used, and how-

Coaches, or other Carriage or Carriages, is to go, and the Number of Journies each such Diligence, oftcIU

Coach or Coaches, or other Carriage or Carriages, is so intended to be used, either in the Diy, or in the

Week, as the Cafe may happen to be, that the fame may be inserted in such Licence; and all and every

Person or Persons so licensed for such Purpose as aforesaid, shall give Security, by Bond, to his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successois, in the Sum of twenty Pounds, with a Condition for the faithful accounting for

and paying such Sums as may be due for the Journies such Diligence, Coach or Coaches, or other Car-

riage or Carriages, may have so made.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Diligences, Coaches, or other All Diligence#*

Carriages, directed to be licensed by virtue of this Act, that shall go from London or Westminster to any A>c* roins 10 or

Place in the Country, or that shall come from the Country to any Place in London or Westminster^ shall be

licensed by the Commissioners, or some Person authorised by them, at the Head Office in Lincolns Inn, or be licensed

wherever else the lame may be held. at the Stanp.

4 XLII1. And, in regard it may be difficult to ascertain the Number of Times such licensed Diligences, office.

* or other Carriages, to be employed for the Purpose of carrying any Number of Passengers, not exceeding Discretionary

4 fourj making short Stages, may go in a Day/ it b hereby provided and enacted, That the Commissionecs ^owtrs v^ed in

for managing the Stamp-duties, or the major Part of them, or such Officers as they shall appoint in that

BchaTf, shall and may, and they arc hereby impowered to make such Allowances, as shall appear to be g^c^&c PVt5*

just*

