«7

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III.

C. 19.

and to admlnifler

Oaths anJ sum-

mon Witnesses.

from Time to Time, and as often as they shall fae Occasion, at any of their Courts, to make such Rules

or Orders for the better regulating the Practice of the said Court, as to them shall seem necell'ary and con-

ducive to the Purposes of this Act, so as they shall be confident with Equity, and not tend to alter the

Fees herein-after allowed by this Act to be taken by the Clerk and l3eadle of the said Court, for the Time

being; or to the Exercise of any Jurisdiction inconsistent with the true Intent and Meaning of this Act,

and do relate to the Process, Practice, and Method of Proceeding, of and in the said Court only 5 accord-

ing to which Rules or Orders, so from Time to Time to be made, the said Commissioners, or any three or

more of them, shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to proceed upon, and to hear and

determine all such Matters of Debt as aforesaid, arising within the,said Parish of Old Swinford\ not amount-

ing to the Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than the Sum of one Shilling, which shall be brought before

them by virtue of this Act, and to make and pronounce such Judgments and Decrees concerning the fame,

and to order and decree such Cods of Suit to be paid, as to them shall seem agreeable to Equity and good

Conference.

4 XIV. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and for the more solemn Determination of all the

causes and Matters which shall be depending in the said Court,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them,

assembled in Court, and they are hereby impowered to administer an Oath to such Witness or Witnesses as

shall be produced by either Party, and also to the Officers of the Court, and to any Person or Persons

whatsoever, whose Evidence shall, to the said Commissioners, or to the major Part of them assembled at

the said Court, appear necessary to ascertain the Truth of the Matter in Litigation between the Parties;

and for that Purpose to issue out a Summons or Summonses, at the Instance of either of the Parties, to all

and every such Witness or Witnesses, to be and appear at such Court-day whereon the said Matter is ap-

pointed to be heard.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Debtor or Debtors* who shall

have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall, without some good Cause to be allowed by the said Court,

refuse or neglect to appear in the said Court, at the Time mentioned in the said Summons or Summonses,

then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon

Proof being made, upon Oath, of the Service of the said Summons or Summonses, in Manner before di-

rested, to proceed to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Or-

der, Decree, or Judgment therein, and to award such Cods of Suit, as to them shall seem meet.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, upon the Day of the Return of

the Summons, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall

not appear, or appearing shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Debt or Demand, to the Satisfaction of

the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of

them, upon due Proof upon Oath having been first made before them of the Service of such Summons, or

in case the Plaintiff shall fail in making due Proof of such his Debt (as the Cafe m$y be), to award to the

Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs 5 *nd to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the

fame, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for enforcing the Payment of Debts and Costs or-

dered and decreed to be paid by the said Court.

XVII. Provided always, That no Costs, to be awarded by the said Commissioners, shall, in any Cafe

whatsoever, exceed the Sum of five Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Cafe where the said Com-

missioners, or any three or more of them, shall have made any Order or Decree for the Payment of Mo-

ney, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to award

Execution either against the Body or Goods of the said Party or Parties against whom such Order or De-

cree shall be made; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court, or his

Deputy, and he is hereby authorised and required, at the Request and Election of the Party or Parties

prosecuting such Order or Decree, to issue a Preceptor Precepts, in Execution, under his Hand and*Seal,

and from Time to Time to renew the fame, against the Body or Bodies of such Party or Parties, against

whom such Order or Decree shall be made, directed to the Beadle of the said Court, or his Deputy.; who,

by virtue thereof, shall and may, and he is hereby impowered and required to take and apprehend, or

cause to be taken and apprehended, such Party or Parties, , being within the Parish of Old Swinford afore-

said; and to convey him, her, or them to such Gaol, within the said Parish, as shall, from Time to*

Time, be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any nine or more of them, for that Purpose; there to

remain until he, she, or they shall perform and obey such Order, Decree, and Judgment, so as no Person*

shall remain in Confinement for any longer Space of Time than forty Days, or for less than ten Days

and that it shall in like Manner be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy, and he is

hereby authorised and required, at the like Request and Election of the Party or Parties prosecutingfuch

Order or Decree, to issue a Precept or Precepts, in Execution, under his Hand and Seal, and from Time

to Time to renew the fame, against the Goods of such Party or Parties against whom such Order or Decree

shall be made, directed to the said Beadle, or his Deputy; who, by virtue thereof, shall and may, and he iiwiM -bmi%

is hereby impowered and required, to levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Party to Time renew

or Parties, being within the Parish of Old Swinford aforesaid, such Sum and Sums of Money, and Costs, the fane.

a* shall be so ordered and decreed.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners, or any-

three or more of them, shall at any Time, *upon the Request, and for the Ease and Convenience of the

Defendant or Defendants, order and decree the Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid at several

Payments, or by Installments, which they are hereby authorised and impowered to order and decree at

their Diicretion; then, upon the first Default or Failure of any of the said Payments or Installments so or-

dered and decreed*, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, shall and

Comrmflionerr

to make Decree,

though Defen-,

darn does noc

appear.

On Non-appear-

ance of Plaintiff',-

Commissionerr

may award

Costs.

Costs not to

exceed 5 a.

Commissionerr*

may award

Execution

against Bod7or

Goods, dec.

Clerk may iflkfcr’

a Precept, in*

Execotion,

against the

Goods, Sec.

and from Time

Court may order

Debts to he paid

by lnftallmentt,*

&c«

may,.

