142

If any Person

ihaM attend, or

solicit any Jour-

neyman Halter

to attendy any

such unlawful

Club aa afore*

said,

Or shall subscribe

or pay any Sum

of Money to

support i he

fame j

he shall be com-

mitted for three

Months.

AA 5 Elia, in

Part repealed.

Ho Hat-malrer

to aA as a Juf-

tice of Peace in

the Execution of

this A A, Ac.

Th\* AA not to

repeal the A A

*1 Geo. 11. Ac.

Any Person con-

*icted before a

Justice, may

appeal to the

QuarterSessioni;

giving immedi-

ate Notice, and

Coding fufjkieat

Security for

prosecuting the

Appeal with

Eft'cA, &c.

Limitation of

AAioni. .'

Defendants

under this A A

may plead the

Genetal lflfue,

and recover

Double Co3s.

Public Act«

C. 55. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. >7771

mitted to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, in pursuance of the original Order of Conviction,

there to remain for the Time which shall have been ordered and directed in such original Order, and until

the Appellant shall pay the Cods which shall be awarded against him by the Justices in such General Quar-

ter Sessions of the Peace on the Confirmation of such Order.

4 IV. And, for the more effectual Suppression of all Combinations amongst Journeymen Hatters, and

4 other Persons employed in the said Trade,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ifiny

Person or Persons whomsoever (whether employed in the said Trade or not) shall attend any Meeting,

Club, Society, or Combination, by the said last-mentioned Act declared to be illegal; or shall summoss,

give Notice to, or call upon, any Journeyman Hatter, or other Person employed in the said Trade, to

attend any such unlawful Meeting, Club, Society, or Combination, or to pay any Sum or Sums of Money

whatsoever, as a Fine, Contribution, or Subscription, for the Use of any such unlawful Meeting, Club,

Society, or Combination; or who shall collect, demand, or receive any Sum or Sums of Money from any

Journeyman Hatter, or other Person employed in the said Trade, for any of the above Purposes; or shall

5erfuade, entice, inveigle, or intimidate, or endeavour to persuade, entice, inveigle, or intimidate, any

ourneyman Hatter, or other Person employed in the said Trade, to enter into, or be concerned in any

such illegal Meeting, Club, Society, or Combination, or to turn out against, or quit the Service or Em-

ploy of, the Master Hatter or Matter Hatters, in whose Service they may be employed 5 or if any Person

or Persons shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money, or make or enter into any Subscription or Contribution

whatsoever, for or towards the Support or Encouragement of any such illegal Meeting, Club, Society, or

Combination; every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof cony ided, before any two or

more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or Place wherein such Offence

shall be committed, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall, for every such Of-

fence, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for such County, City, Town, 01

Place, at the Discretion of such Justices, there to be and remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time

not exceeding three Months.

V. And be it enacted, That so much of the Ad passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth,

intituled, An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry^ and Apprentices,

as extends, or may be construed to extend, to restrain any Person or Persons from setting up, using, occu-

pying, and exercising, the Craft, Mystery, and Occupation of a Master Hat-maker, Hat-maker, or FeJtt

maker, unless such Person or Persons have been brought up as Apprentices therein, be, and the fame i*

hereby repealed.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons using or exercising the

Trade of a Master Hat-maker, Hat-maker, or Felt-maker, shall, during the Time of his continuing to

use or exercise such Trade, be capable of acting as a Justice of the Peace in the Execution of this or any

other Act relative to the Punishment of any Journeyman Hat-maker or Apprentice who shall offend against

this or any other Act made for the Regulation of the said Trade.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall

not extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal the said Act made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign

of his said late Majesty King George the Second, or any of the Provisions therein contained, or any of the

Acts therein mentioned 5 but that the said Provisions shall remain in full Force, and the Penalties and Far-'

feitures in the said Acts mentioned or recited, to which Offenders are respectively subjeded, may he levied,

recovered, and inflicted, in the same Manner as such Penalties and Forfeitures might have been levied, re-

covered, and inflicted, before the making of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary not-

withstanding.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person convicted

before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, of any of the Offences in this Act mentioned, to appeal

to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General Sessions, or General Quarter Sessions, to be held

for the County, City, Borough* Town, Liberty, or Place, wherein such Conviction shall be made, giving

immediate Notice of the Intention of bringing such Appeal, and finding Security, to the Satisfaction of the

Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall have been made, for being present at such General

Sessions, or General Quarter Sessions, and for prosecuting the said Appeal with Effect, and abiding the

Judgment of the Court; and such Justices, in such General Sessions, or General Quarter Sessions, shall

finally hear and determine the Matter, and shall have Power to award reasonable Costs to either Party, as

to them shall seem just; and if such Conviction shall be affirmed at such Sessions, such Appellant shall be

Committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding three Months

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action. shall be

brought against any Justice oif the Peace, Constable, Headborough, or other Officer, or against any other

Person or Persons whomsoever,.for any Matter or Thing whatsoever done or committed under, or by vir-

tue, or in the Execution of this Act, unless such Action shall be brought within three Calendar Months

next after the doing or committing such Matter or Thing.

X. Provided also, That if any Action or Suit shall hereafter be commenced or prosecuted against any

Person or Pe/fons, for any Thing done by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons

may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff shall

become nonsuited, or suffer Discontinuaoce, or forbear further Prosecution, or if Judgment shall be given

for the Defendant or Defendants, such Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Costs, for which he,

(he, or they, shall have the like Remedy as in Cafes where Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed to be a public Ad in all

Courts within this Kingdom; and all Judges and Justices of the Peace are hereby required to take Notice

thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

5 CAP.

