Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

338

Trustecf, In cer-

tain Cafes, to

make Stoppages

from the Wi-

dows Annuities.

also from the

Children's Pro-

Loan of 301. to

he discontinued.

Loans already

granted to he

repaid, with in-

ter* ft.

Loans may be

repaid upon .fir-

ing Notice

thereof. -

Capital to be

raised to

m0/300 I.

Surpluses of the

annual Prodoce

above the annual

Expence to be

applied for raid-

ing the Capital 3

and likewise

such 30 1. as

shall be repaid.

No Encroach-

ment to be made

on the Capital,

nor the raising

thetcofx etarded.

C.

A.D. 1779.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the

Trustees herein-after appointed, and they are hereby required to flop and deduct the one Half of every

Annuity which shall hereafter become payable for the first Time to the Widow of every Minister of the

Church of Scotland, and of every Head, Principal, or Matter, in any of the Universities aforesaid, and

of every other Person subject and liable to one or other of the aforesaid annual Rates, who shall not have

paid, during the Time of, and by his being a Contributor to the said Fund, a Sum equal to the Amount

of three Years of the Annuity correspondent to his annual Rate, and the like Sum annually, during the

Life of such Widow, until either (he shall pay into the Fund, or until such Stoppages and Dedu£tion$ shall

amount to as much as, together with the Sums paid by her Husband, without computing Interest thereon*,

shall make up or be equal to three Years of her Annuity 5 and it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees

aforesaid, and they are hereby required to flop and detain, out of the Sum or Provitton which shall be-

come payable to the Child or Children of every Minister, Head, Principal, Master, or other Person, fob-

je& and liable to an annual Rate as aforesaid, who shall not have paid a Sum equal to three Years An-

nuity corresponding to his annual Rate, so much as, together with the Sums paid by him, or that may have

been deduced from his Widow, without computing Interest thereon, shall make up, or be equal to three

Years of the said corresponding Annuity ; and the vVidows and Children aforesaid (lull only be intitled,

in the respeSive Cafes and Events aforesaid, to the Remainder, after the said Stoppages or Deductions

from the Annuities or Sums provided to them in Manner aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That to prevent in future the Inconveniencies

which have arisen from lending thirty Pounds to the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and to the

Heads, Principals, and Matters, in the Universities aforesaid, it shall not hereafter be competent to any of

the said Ministers, Heads, Principals, or Matters, to demand, or for the Trustees herein-after appointed

to grant him such a Loan.

XXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Minister of the Church of Scotland,

and every Head, Principal, or Master, in any of the Universities aforesaid, who has received such Loan,

shall continue to pay the Interest thereof, at the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, at the Term

of Candlemas, yearly, along with his annual Rate; and shall be, and he is hereby required, to pay the

principal Sum upon his ceasing to be a Minister of the said Church, or a Head, Principal, or Master, in

any of the Universities aforesaid ; and in case of his Death, the fame shall be repaid by his Heirs, Executors,

and Successors, and the said Loans shall bear lawful Interest from the twenty-sixth Day of May% or the

twenty-second Day of November, immediately preceding the respective Terms of Repayment as above

mentioned.

XXVIir. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be competent for every Minister

of the Church of Scotland, and for every Head, Principal, or Master, in aoy of the Universities aforesaid,

who has received the aforesaid Loan, to repay the fame to the General Collector or Receiver herein-after

'mentioned, at the Term of Candlemas or Whitsunday in apy one Year, notwithstanding his continuing to

be a Minister of the said Church, or a Head, Principal, or Master, in any of the Universities aforesaid,

upon transmittine previous Notice bf his Intention to the Clerk of the Trustees herein-after mentioned,

at least three Calendar Months before the said Term.

a XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Capital which is now limited to

eighty thousand Pounds, including the Loans granted to Ministers, Heads, Principals, and Masters, as

aforesaid, shall be raised to the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain,

that# the Fund hereby established may be sufficient for answering the several Purposes of this A&; and

particularly for Payment of the Annuities that will fall duel to Widows, when their Number shall have

arrived at the Maximum.

XXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order the more effectually to raise the

said Capital of one hundred thousand Pounds, the Trustees herein-after appointed shall order and direct,

and take care that the Sum of two hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain shall, as before

enacted, be applied annually for that Purpose, until the Capital is made up; and shall likewise order, that

if in any one Year before the Capital is completed, the Interest thereof, so far as raised, and the Interest

of the Sums lent to Ministers, Heads, Principals, and Masters, as aforesaid, together with the annual and

other Rates, and the Rates payable out of or in respe& of the Ann, and also the Rates payable out of the

vacant Stipends or Salaries respectively, shall exceed the Charges of Management, and the Sums hereby

ordered to be applied for raising the Capital, and the Annuities due to Widows, and the Provisions due to

Children for that Year, such Excess or Surplus shall be applied to the Purpose aforesaid, of raising the

Capital Stock or Fund, by lending out the fame along with the Sums herein-before appointed to be lent

out for such respective Year; and the said Trustees shall further order, that when any of the Sums lent to

Ministers, Heads, Principals, or Masters, aforesaid, shall be repaid, such Sums shall also be applied to-

wards raising the aforesaid Capital of one hundred thousand Pounds, until the Whole of these Loans are

thus transferred to the said Capital Which Capital being so made up, shall be no further increased.

XXXI. And be it enafied by the Authority aforesaid, That although the annual Surplus aforesaid* in

any one Year after Payment of the Charges of Management, and of the Sum hereby appointed to be ap-

plied towards raising the Capital Stock or Fund for that Year, shall not be sufficient to pay the whole

Annuities to Widows, and the Provisions payable to Children for that Year; yet no Encroachment shall

on that Account be made on the Capital, so far as then raised; nor shall the further raising thereof be

thereby flopped or retarded; but such Deficiency or Short-coming shall first affe6l the Sums payable to

such Annuitants as have married any Person liable to one of the aforesaid annual Rates; and then the

Children’s Provisions proportionably ; and lastly, the Sums payable to such Annuitants as have remained

unmarried proportionably, without regard to the Order of Time in which these Annuities and Provisions

become due; and the fame shall again be made good to them out of the Surplus of the Produceo( the fuc-

ceeding

e

GoogI

