The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water or Wafer-

course on Hut ton-moor, in the County of York, and for re-

pairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor; and the other

Failed in the twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty’s

Reign, to explain and amend the said first-mentioned

Act; with respect to those Parts of the said Roads from

Harrogate, through Ripley and Ripon, to the North-east

Corner of Hutton-moor, and from the East End of Kirby-

hill-moor to the Town of Ripon aforesaid.

Si. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the

Powers of an Act made in the thirty-first Year of the

Reign of his late Majtfkyyfor repairing the High Road

leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon, to

Gafking-gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the

fard County.

92. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of three

several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads

therein mentioned in the County of Bucks, so far as the

said Acts relate to the Road from the Weft End of the

Town of Wendover to the End of a Lane called Oak-lanes

next the Great Road, called The Oxford Road; and also

Half a Mile of Road next from the River Colne towards

Beeonsfeldy in the said County.

S3. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in

the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,

for repairing and widening the Rood from the Top of Harn-

ham-hill, near the City of New Sarurst, in the County of

Wilts, through the Towns of Bland ford Forum and Dor-

chester, to a certain Intrenchment on Aflcerwell-hill, in the

County of Dorset, and from the Index-toft on the Side of

Harnham-hill aforesaid to a House called Matter Baker’s

Farm-house, in the said County of Wilts.

84. * An Act for enlarging the Term and continuing the

Powers granted by an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

for repairing the Road from a Place called The Golden

Farmer, near Bagftiott, in the County of Surrey, to Hert-

ford-bridge-bill, in the County ^Southampton.

85. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts,

passed in the second and twenty-second Years of his late

Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the several Roads therein

mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in the

County of Hereford.

86. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and en-

larging several of the Powers contained in an Act, made

in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

so far as the fame relate to the Road from the Turnpike

Road between the Town and County of Poole and Win-

born-minster, in the County of Dorset, to the T urn pike

Road in the Parish of Brianflon, in the said County of

Dorset* which leads from Blandfnd-foritm to Dorchester.

87. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of two

Acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-sixth Years of

his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road leading

from Ea/and 10 the Town of Leeds, in the Weft Riding

of the County of York.

18. An Act for enlarging the Term and altering the Powers

of an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty, for rtpairing and widening several

Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of IVarwick

and Oxford, so far as relates to the Road from the Guide-

post in the Pillage‘of Adderhufy, through Kidlington, to

the Mileway leading towards the City of Oxford.

19. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act

passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late

Klajrfly King George the Second, for repairing and

widening the Road from The Halfway-house, in the Parijk

of Lower Crompton, in the County ^fDorset, through the

* Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne* and Chard, to the East

End of the Town, of Axminller, in the County of Devon,

and several other Roads round theTown of Yeovil, in the

County of Somerset; and for amending two Roads lead-

ing from VaggHoltoWi in the Parish of Yeovil; and the

Road from Chard to Cheefeway-ajh; and from White

Down to Perry-street, in Chords and from thence to the

Turnpike Road near Tytherkigb Inn, in the said County

ef Dorset.

90. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers of an Act, made in the ihirty-thirdYear

of the Reign of his late Majesty, for diverting^ altering

widening, repairings and amending the Roads from the

Town of Halifax, and from Sowtrby-bridge, in the County

of Tonis by Todmorden to Burnley and Liuleborough,

in the County of Lancaster.

91. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading

from the Maypole, in the T own of Hen fields over Poy-

niHgs Common, to the Town of Brirbthelmflone; and

from Poynings Common aforesaid, to High crofts in the

Parish of Albourne\ and from thence, for thfe Distance of

two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards

Twineham\ and from the Marle-pit near the Bottom of

Saddlefcombe-hilts in the Parish of Nexvtimbers to the

Marle-pit fronting Newtimber Broad Lane% in the fame

Parish, in the County of Sussex.

92. An Act for repealing so much of two Acts made in the

eleventh and seventeenth Years of the Reign of King

George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to

and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby,

as relates to the Road leading from the Gaol-bridge in

the said Town of Derby s through the Town of Ashborne,

to Hurdloe-house in the said County, for making more

efteftual Provision for the Repair of the said Road j and

for enabling the Trustees to alter Part of the Course of

the present Road between Ashborne and the New inn

Turnpike.

93. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an

Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Readfrom the

Eighteen Mile-stone beyond Willoughby hedg<*, through

the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts, and through

Wincanton, to Charlton-houthorn, and from thence to

Milborne-port; and from Willou'hby-hcdge aforesaid to

the West End of Long-lane, in Kilmington ; and from

Wincanton aforesaid to the Sherborn Turnpike Cross gate

on Cattle-hill, and from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the

County of Somerset.

94* An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Stall-gate C/^/e, at the South-weft End of the Town of

Bedfords to the Town of Ampthill; and from the said

Town of Ampthill to Woburn Parks in the County of

Bedford\ and also the Road branching out of the lame

in Kempflon-field to the Turnpike Road leading from

Hitchin to the said Town of Bedford.

9$. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and eiv-

larging the Powers of an Act of Parliament, made in the

twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for

repairing and widening several Reads leading from and near

the Town flfBrewton, in the County Somerset, and for

repairing and widening the Street from the North or

North-east End of Coombe-streets along Patwell-streets in

the said Town of Brewton, to the South or South-east

Side of Dytnond’s River.

96. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King

George the Second, for repairing and widening the several

Roads therein mentioneds leading to, through, and from the

Town of Monmouth.

97. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the twenty-

seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second,

for amending, widenings and keeping in Repair the Road

leading

