The TITLES of

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common

or Waste Ground called Oulton Heathy in the Parish of

Stone, in the County of Stafford.

75. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open Common

Fields, Common Meadows, Common Failures, Waste

Lands, and Commonable Places, in the Manor and Pa-

xifh of Wanboroughy in the County of Wilts,

76. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea-

dows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of

and within the Parish of Kiflingbury, in the County of

Northampton.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields,. Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within

the Manors and Parishes of Milton, otherwise Middleton,

Malfor, and Collingtree, otherwise Collingtrougb9 in the

County of Northampton.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

•and other Commonable and Waste Lands, of Idbury,

Bowld, and Fofcott, within the Manor and Parish of

Idbury, in the County of Oxford,

79. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Forest and Waste

Grounds, in the Parish of Calvertony in the County of

Nottingham,

50. An Act for making the Exemplification of the last

Will and Testament of Mary Edwards, deceased. Evi-

dence in all the Courts of Law and Equity in Great Bri-

tain and Ireland,

51. An Act for naturalizing Peter Daille Bonnevaux.

52. An Act for naturalizing John Sellon,

53. An Act for naturalizing James Charnaud,

£4. An Act for appointing new Trustees, in the Place of

those deceased, for Sale of so much of the Estates late of

Sir William Dalflon Knight, as will be sufficient for the

Payment of his Debts and Legacies by his Will charged

thereon.

85. An Act for enabling the Trustees, named in the Will

of Richard Perf chow)e, late of Reynolds Hally in the

County of Stafford, Esquire, deceased, to borrow and

take up at Interest, on Mortgage of the Freehold Estates

late of the said Richard Perfehowfey any Sum or Sums

of Money not exceeding the Sum of three thousand

three hundred Pounds, to be applied in or towards the

Purchase of the Copyhold Estates late of the said Richard

Perfehowse.

S6. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Timber and Wood

frowing upon the Estate late belonging to Thomas Rous

Squire, deceased, in the County of Worcester, in Trust,

to (ell the fame, and apply the Monies arising there-

from towards discharging certain Incumbrances affect-

ing the said Estate, and for the other Purposes therein

mentioned.

$7. An Act for Sale of the Estates of the late John Nicolly

of Bolton, in the County of York, Esquire, for Payment

of his Debts.

S3. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Ma-

nor and Township of Ecclesally in the Parish of Sheffieldy

in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Field, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within

the Manor and Parish of Evenly, otherwise Bury Manor,

in the County of Northampton.

90. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Francis OJlornty

Baron Osborne, of Kivetorty in the County of York, com-

monly called Marquis of Carmartheny with Lady Amelia

tie STATUTES.

D'Arcy, Baroness Conyers, his now Wife; and to enable

him to marry again 3 and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

91. An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution,

an Award touching certain Questions and Disputes be-

tween the Right Honourable Edward Lord Beaulieu and

Isabella Lady Beaulieu his Wife, and the Most Noble

George Duke of Montagu, Henry Duke of Bucclcugh,

and Elizabeth Duchess of Bucclcugh his Wife, and the

Right Honourable Charles William; eldest Son of the said

Duke and Duchess of Buccleughy commonly called Earl

of Dalkeith.

92. An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Estates situate

in the Parishes of Saint Mary Redcliffe and Saint Thomas,

or one of them, in the City of Brtjiol, given by Thomas

Eden the Elder, late of Broadmar/lon, in the Parish of

Pebiuorth, in the County of Gloucester, Gentleman, for

charitable Uses, to grant Building Leases thereof.

93. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the fe-

veral Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year

Lands, Shack Meadows and Heaths, and other Com-

mons, Waste and Commonable Lands, within the Parish

of Darjingkamy otherwise Derftngham, in the County of

Norfolk

94. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or

Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lord-

ship of Morland, in the Parish of Morlandy in the County

of Weflmorland.

93. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain

Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures and

ocher Commonable Lands, Meadows, and Waste Lands,

within the Parish of Chifledon, in the County of Wilts.

96. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Vf hole

Year Lands and Breeks, Common Fields, Half Year

Lands and Heaths, and Commons, and Commonable

and Waste Lands, within the Parish of GrimfUn, in the

County of Norfolk.

97. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or

Waste Grounds within the Township of Cranage, in the

County Palatine of Chester.

98. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Com-

mons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Hcflandy

in the County of Derby.

99. An Act to confirm and establish the Division and Al-

lotment of certain Commons or Forest and Waste Lands

within the Parish of Elkjley9 in the County of Not-

tingham.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-

tures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within

the Parish and Manor of Taplow, in the County of

Buckingham•

101. An Act to dissolve the Marriage1 of Henry Sealy, with

Ann Woodroffe hifl now Wife, and to enable him to

marry again ; and forothrr Purposes therein mentioned.

102. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Bailey

Heath Sewell Esquire, with the Right Honourable Lady

Elizabeth Birmingham, his now Wife, and to enable

him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

103. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Bromfidd

with Ann Broom his now Wife, and to-enable him to

marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

101. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Francois

Dumergue with Ann Catherine his now Wife; and to

enable him to marry again ; and for other Purposes.

10;. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Wastes

and Commons, lying in the Manor of Sleagilly in the

County of We/lmorland,

