42 2

Af n J i’y 5,

17-9 Dui.es 00

Suit used in

*uri .<! f:i:ch*rdl

t t Hon.e Con-

sumption, to

cease.

New Oath to be

t-ken by the

Proprietors of

Salt delivered

Duty free at the

Beginning of the

fithing Season

for Pilchardi,

See.

PiUhards for

Honre Consump-

tion to be cn-

tf ltd at the neit

Salt-offhc ;

and a Duty of

5 *. 2 c. Half-

penny to be paid

fur every Calk of

50 Gallons.

No Curer to fell

less than 25

Gallons at a

*1 ime.

On r#ny, and

Payment of the

Duty, Scq. a

Permit to.be

given gratis by

the Salt-officer.

Penalty on fell-

ing in lets Quan-

tities than above-

meouaaed, &c.

Retailm of Pil-

chards not to boy

left than 25

Gallons at a

Time, nor refuse

to discover the

Waives af the

Carers.

Penalty*

Proprietors of

Sa t delivered

Duty-free f< r

Curing Pilchards

for Exportation,

i t, in their-

Account at the

End of the Sca-

son, to etprefs

the* Quantity en-

(cted for Hon.e

Jr. case the Du-

ties on inilt

C. 52. Anno decimo nono Georgii ID, A.D. 1779.

4 may be preserved, and carried on in its full Extent, if, under proper Regulations, a reasonable Abate-

4 ment were made in the Duty on Salt used in the curing of all such Pilchards as may be appropriated for

4 Home Consumption be it therefore enacted by the ICing's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand

seven hundred and seventy-nine, the Duties now payable on Salt used in curing of Pilchards for Home

Consumption, {hall cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the Beginning of every Fishing

Season for Pilchards, the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Salt delivered Duty-free for the curing of Pil-

chards for Exportation, pursuant to the said A&, or his or their Agent or Agents, shall, instead of the

Oath icquired by the said Act, make Oath, in Writing, before the Officer for the Duty on Salt, at the

Office nearest to the Place where the Salt is lodged (who is hereby impowered to administer the fame),

declaring the Quantity of the foreign or British Salt respectively lodged for the curing of Fish, and that all

the said Salt is intended for the curing of Fish for Exportation only, and shall not, by his or their Order,

Consent, or Connivance, directly or indirectly, be fold, given away, or any Way delivered, but for the

Purpose aforesaid, except so much thereof as shall be used for curing such Pilchards as shall be entered with-

the Officer of the Place for Home Consumption, and charged with the Duties by this Act chargeable

thereon.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Curer of Pilchards, from and after the

fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, before he removes any Pilchards (except

for Exportation) from the Office, Cellar, or Place, where the fame shall be cured, mail, from Time to

Time, make Entry thereof at the next Salt-office; and shall pay to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

a Duty of five Shillings and Two-pence Halfpenny for every Cask or Barret, containing fifty Gallons of

cured Pilchards, so to be removed, and so in Proportion for a greater or less Quantity, in Lieu and full Sa-

tisfaction of any other Duty imposed or laid on British or foreign Salt, to his Majesty, in respect of Pil-

chards cured as aforesaid, for Home Consumption ; and that no such Curer shall fell a less Quantity than

twenty-five Gallons of Pilchards at any one Time; and that such Pilchards shall be packed or put up in

Casks, each Cask not containing less than twenty-five Gallons, and the Contents of such Calks shall be

marked on the Heads thereof, by the proper Officer of the Commissioners of the Salt Duties; and upon.

Entry and Payment of the Duty, and marking such Casks as aforesaid, a Permit shall be given gratis by

the Salt-officer, expressing the Contents of the Casks for which the Duty shall be paid, as aforesaid, and

the Marks of such Casks, and for what Place the fame are intended, and whether to be sent by Land or

Water Carriage; on Pain of forfeiting all the Pilchards that shall be fold in less Quantities than herein*

before mentioned, or that shall be removed or carried away before Entry is made, and the Duty paid, and'

without the Calks containing such Quantity of Pilchards at the least, and being marked, and such Permit

obtained as aforesaid, and of the Cask or Vessel in which such Pilchards shall be found, and also the Sum

of forty Shillings for every twenty-five Gallons of Pilchards so fold or removed, and so in Proportion for

a greater or less Quantity, to be recovered from the Person or Persons who shall so fell, remove, or carry

away, the fame; one Moiety thereof for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other

Moiety to the Officer or Officers who shall seize, sue, or inform for the fame, to be sued for, recovered*

and levied, in such Manner and Form, and with such Power of Mitigation, as any Fine, Penalty, or For-

feiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, and mitigated, by any Law of Excise, or by Action of Debt,.

Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster; and all and every

Officer and Officers of his Majesty’s Customs, Excise, or Duties upon Salt, are hereby authorised and im-

powered to seize all such Pilchards so fold in less Quantities than herein-before mentioned, or removed or

carried away before Eotry and Payment of Duty, and all other Things performed as aforesaid, and the

said Casks or Vessels wherein they shall be found.

IV. And be it further enacted. That no Person or Persons purebafing Pilchards to fell by Retail shall, at

any one Time, buy a less Quantity than twenty-five Gallons, and shall also be obliged, upon Demand,

or Inquiry made of him or them for that Purpose, by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, in.

some reasonable Time of the Day, to discover to such Officer or Officers the Name or Names, and Place

or Places of Abode, of the Curer or Vendor of any Quantity or Quantities of Pilchards then in his Poflef-

fion ; and that if any such Retailer shall purchase a less Quantity of Pilchards than is before mentioned, or

shall, upon such Demand or Inquiry, refuse to discover the Name and Place of Abode of any such Curer or

Vendor, every Person so offending shall, in each Cafe, forfeit the Quantity or Quantities of Pilchards so

purchased, or respecting which such Demand or Inquiry shall be made, and the Cask or Casks (if any)

wherein the fame shall be contained, and also the Sum of forty Shillings, to be recovered by the Ways or*

Means, and in Manner herein-before mentioned or directed.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Salt delivered Duty-free fos

curing Pilchards for Exportation, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, shall in the Account which, after

the End of every Fishing Season, they are to deliver in Writing into the Salt-office, containing the Quan-

tity of Fish exported, or entered and shipped to be exported, on which the Salt taken away, after its De-

livery into the foie Custody of the said Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, has

been used or consumed, as by the former Law is directed (and under the Penalties thereby prescribed),

exp refs also the Quantity of Pilchards entered, for Home Consumption, on which such. Salt has been used.

or consumed.

Consumption, en which such Salt has been used. ,

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Duties of Excise on*Salt fwbich now*

amount to three Shillings and Four-pence per bushel on home-made Salt^and six Shillings and Eight-pence'

per

