t3°4

Mncrialf fray

b- t k',n from

Write Grounds,

• . f

cr frorr. private

Grounds,

making 9a*ir-

lor Da-

nces. t

Kpada to be

made to Quar-

ries, &c. for

getting Mate-

rials,.

Persons wilfully

destroying the

Works, to be

committed.

Heft or Munro,

Ac. may make

Bye-laws for

deepening, &c.

the Harbour ;

which flnll be

hung up in a

conspicuous

PI ce in Find-

horn.

Sating the

Right to the

Ferry over the

River Findhorn,

Persons prose-

cutcH for exe-

cuting this A&,

m <y plead the

fame, and reco-

ver full Colli.

C, 70. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A. D. 1778,

Composition do notextend to remit above one Moiety of the Penalty infliCied and directed to be levied by

fh;s Act, and that every such Mitigation or Composition shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Persont

pfiending reipedively, for so much of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as shall be so mitigated, lessened*

or remitted.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaiJ, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

said H 'oicr Munro and his Forelaids, or their Agents and Servants, to open Stone Quarries, Sand, Clay,

and Gravel Pits, and to dig, gather, take, and carry away, from such Quarries and Pits, any Stone, Sand,

Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, in and oat of any Wade or Common Grounds lying within the said

Barony of Muirtoun, for carrying on, executing, and repairing the several Piers, Quays, and Breads,

and other Works already built, or authorised to be built by virtue of this Act, without paying any Thing

for such Waste and Common Ground opened and used as aforesaid; and that in case the said Hcflor Munra

and his Forefaids shall judge it improper and inconvenient to open, dig, and carry away. Stones and Gravel,

CUy and other Materials, from the said Waste or Common Ground, and that sufficient Materials for the

Purposes aforesaid cannot easily be got from the same, that then it shall and may be lawful to, and in the

Option of, the said HcElor Munro and his Forefaids, their Deputies, Agents, Officers, or Servants, to

open, quarry, and dig, such Stones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials aforesaid, and to carry the

fame in and out of any Grounds within the said Barony of Muirtouny where such Materials are or may

be found, and from Time to Time to cause the lame to be carried oft', or so much thereof as the said HeSfor

Munro and his Forefaids, and their Agents or Servants, shall judge necessary for the Purposes aforesaid,

and for keeping the said Works in good Order and Repair; the said Heft or Munro and his Forefaids

making reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage done to the Surface of the Giound, and for the Value of

the Stones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials so to be carried in and out of the aforesaid Ground,

to the Tacksmen, and other Parties interestvd in such Grounds to which such Damage shall be done or

occasioned, and Materials carried away in Manner aforesaid.

XXIV. . And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

said He£1 or Munro and his Forefaids, and their Agents and Servants, to make, life, and maintain Roads

from the said Waste and Common Ground, or other Grounds aforesaid, opened for quarrying and dig-

ging Stones, Sand, Gravel, Clay, and other Materials, to any Part of the River or Firth of Findhorn, or

from the said Pits and Quarries so to be opened as aforesaid, direCtly to the Harbour of Findhorn, and to

make the fame through any Ground belonging to any Person or Persons whatsoever (not being the Ground

on which any House ftarids, or any Garden, Orchard, and Walk or Walks planted, or Avenue to any

House) ; the said Hector Munro and his Forefaids making reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage done to

the Ground through which the said Road or Roads pais, to the Proprietor, Liferenter, Tacksman. and

other'Parties concerned and interested in such Grounds to which such Damage shall be done or occanoned

as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever

shall, after the said fifteenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, maliciously,

wilfully, or wantonly, demolish, break down, dtftroy, or set on; Fire, any of the Jettees, Piers, Quays,

Breads, or other Works, constructed or to be constructed in, or belonging to, the said Harbour oirind-

horny or any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, lying or being therein, every such Person or Persons so offend-

ing shall be committed ; and the Court and Courts, by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be

indiCted and tried, shall, and hereby have Power and Authority to commit such Person or Persons to the

neared Prison or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time, not exceeding

twelve Months, as the said Court or Courts shall think proper.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,* That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said Hector Munro and his Forefaids, to make, ordain, and establish, such Orders, Rules, and

Bye-laws, for the better deepening, clearing, cleansing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Findhorn

aforesaid, and for the better regulating, governing, and managing the Jettees, Piers, Quays, and other*

the Works ereCted or to be ereCted, made or/fet up, in the Harbour aforesaid, and for the-better exe

cuting the other Purposes of this Act; and also, from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, to repeal,

add to, amend, or alter, such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, as to them shall seem meet, fitting, and re-

quifite, and to fix and appoint reafqnable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding forty Shillings Sterling, so^

the Non-observance or other Breach of all or any such Rules or Bye-laws, or any Part of them, to be

recovered and applied in such Manner, and according as the Penalties under five Pounds Sterling are or-

dained to be recovered, levied, and applied ; and the said HeRor Munro and his Forefaids shall cause the

said Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, to be printed and distributed, and hung up in the most conspicuous

Place of the Town of Findhorny and to pay the Expence and Charge thereof out of the Rates and Duties

aforesaid.

XXVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend,

or be construed to extend, to alter, abridge, or leften, the Right of the said Hettor Munro, his Heirs and

Assigns, Proprietors of the said Barony of AIuirtouny to Ferry-boats and Dues upon and across the said

River and Bay of Findhorn; any Thing herein contained to.the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in case any Suit or Action shall

be commenced against the said Heeler Munro and his Forefaids, or any other Person or Persons, for any

Thing done in pur Usance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in such Suit or Action, may produce

this Act, and plead that the said Things were done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And

if it shall appear so to be done, that then the Defendants (lull be absolved from every such Suit, Action

or ACtions, and shall have full Costs and Expences in the Defence thereof awarded to them from and

against the Prosecutor or Profscutors of the fame.

Q XXIX. And

