544

C. 29*

Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1780.

All Power*,

Clauset, &c. ap-

pointed by for-

mer A&trelatios

to Stamp-dutiei,

to be in Force in

raifinf, collect-

ing, &c. the new

Duties imposed

by this Act.

Receiver* general

of Stamp-duties

to keep a Sepa-

rate Account of

the new Duties,

and pay them in-

to the Exche-

quer, Sec.

A Separate Ac-

count to be kept,

in the Auditor's

Office, of all

Monies produced

by this Act.

How to be ap-

plied.

Perfoos sued in

the Execution

of this Act,

may plead the

General issue,

and recover

Treble Gafts.

Preamble*

Goods the Pro-

duceorManofac*.

tort of Grenada

or the Grena-

dines, on Board

Neutral Vessels,

bound to any

Neutral Port,

not liable to Con-

demnation at

Prixe.

Mailer of cvtcy

such Vessel, be-

fore he leaves the

said Islands, (hill

be fornifhedwith

a Maoifeft spe-

cifying the Par-

ticulara of hit

Cargo, Stc.; 1

which Mantfeft

ft a 11 be fobfenb-

td by fisc Per-

every Person To offending, and being thereof lawfully convi3ed, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer

Death as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles,

Clauses', Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or ap-

pointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp-duties on Vellum, Parchment, and

Paper, shall be of full Force and Effe3, with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and shall

be applied and put in Execution for the ratting, levying, c0lle3ing, and securing the said new Rates and

Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this A3, as fully, to all Intents and

Purposes, as if the fame had severally and respectively been hereby enacted, with relation to the said new

Rates and Duties hereby imposed.

VIII. And be it further efia3ed by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates and Duties herein-

before granted, shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Time

being of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distin3

Account of the several Rates and Duties, and pay the fame (the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and

accounting for the fame, being dedu3ed) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Uses and Purposes in

this A3 mentioned, at such Time and in such Manner as any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parch-

ment, or Paper, are dire3ed to be paid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the

Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer,* a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising

from the said several Rates and Duties, and pa.id into the said Receipt as aforesaid. shall be entered separate

and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Ac-

count whatsoever; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall, to-

gether with such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues as shall be granted by any Act or Acts of this Session

of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other

Charges and Expences as are dire3ed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of

Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a

Lottery.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any

Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in

pursuance of this A3, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, fqch Person or Personsshall

and may plead the General Iffiie, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if

upon the Trial a Verdi3 shall pass for £he Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be^

come nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or then*

against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to protest Goods or Merchandise, of the Growth, Produce, or manufacture of the

Islands of Grenada and the Grenadines, on Board Neutral Vessels bound to Neutral Ports,

during the prclent Hostilities. ' 1

4 XTJ HE R EAS, during the present Hostilities with France, the Islands of Grenada and the Grenadines

4 V y have been taken by the French King: And whereas it is just and expedient to gitfe every possible

4 Relief to the Inhabitants and Proprietors of Estates in the said islands:’ May it therefore please your

Majesty that it may be enacted > and be it en*3ed by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Confer^ of the Lords Spiritual and Temrporal, and Commons, in this-present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, T-baty. ‘from and after the passing of this present A3, no

Qood$ or Merchandise of the Growth, Pf§y4u4e* ot Manu£a3ure.of the said Islands of Grenada or the

Grenadines, which shall be found on Board imytNevtral Ship or Vessel bound from any of the said Islands

so any Neutral Port, nor any such Ship oh yeft|d oil Board which such Goods or Merchandise shall be

laden, if taken by any of his Majesty’s Ships (ft Afcflel&of War, or by any private Ship or Vessel having

Letters of Marque or General Reprisals, shall be liable to Confiscation or Condemnation as lawful Prize;

any Thing in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Sea-

qien, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty s Navy, or any otherLaw or Statute, to the con-

trary thereof In anywise notwithstanding.

4 II. And. in order to-ascertain that the said Goods and Merchandise are really and bona fide of the

4 Growth, Produce or Manufa3ure of any of the said Islands,' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Matter, Commander, or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall,

before his Departure from any Port or Place in the said Islands, be furnished with a Manifest in Writing,

specifying the Particulars of the whole Cargo of such Ship or Vessel, with the Maiks and Numbers of each

Package containing the fame, as also the Port or Place to which such Ship or Vessel is bound 5 which Ma-

nifeft mall subscribed by any five of the following Persons; (videlicet) Charles Grants William Jchnfton,

Alexander Scott, James Stewart, William Niccoll, William Lucas, Alexander Symfon, Samuel IP Miami, John

Nelson, George Campbell, Robert Threlfal^ Hfnry Palmer, John Pegus, Alexander Frafer, James Wilkinson,

John Lessly, David Mill, Thomas Campbell, Edmund Thornton, Fergus Paterson, James Campbell, Alexander

Cockburn, David Young, Alexander Campbell, Ninian Home, Edmund Proud foot, James Baillie, Patrick Max-

well, Tl)omas Townsend, Robert Bogle, Richard Oliver, James Taylor, William Smith, Alexander Stewart,

Frederick Cor far, Robert Lang, John Castles, Andrew Irvin, Robert Harvey, Peter Gordon, Andrew Grant,

J.ofeph Camming, John Urquhart, Peter Pegus, John Grant, Walter Todd, all of which Persons reside in

the

