4io

Sale of Ttmbei

Trees, &c.

Preamble.

Recital of the

Navigation Act

I* Car. II.

C. 46—48, Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.'

cutors, Administrator*, and Assigns, such a fair and reasonable Allowance or Proportion of all Monies

which shall, at any Time during the Term and Interest of such LefVee or Leffecs under their respective

Leases, arise by Sale of Timber Trees, or other Trees, or Wood, within the Lands so to be held and oc-

cupied by him, her, or them, as shall be settled and agreed upon between the said Surveyors respectivelyv,

and the said Lessee or Lessees or any of them; and also for allowing unto such Lessee or Lessees, at the

End and Expiration of their respective Leases, a like fair and reasonable Allowance and Proportion in

Money for all Timber and other Trees which shall be then left (landing and growing in and upon their

respective Farms, according to the Value of such Timber and other Trees respectively; which Agreement*,

being confirmed by Order of the said Chancellor and Council^ shall be valid and effectual to all Intents

and rurposes whatsoever.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the County of Pembroke.

/ ,

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments;

and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Quali-

fications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to in-

demnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have

been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and

for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons

as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attorniesand

Solicitors.

44 Preamble. Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to Act 1 Geo. I. Act 13 Car. II. Act

44 25 Car. II. Act 30 Car. II. Act 8 Geo. I. Act 9 Geo. II. Act 18 Geo. II. and Act 6 Geo. III. before the passing

44 of this Act; and who shall, on or before Dec. 25, 1779, qualify themselves, shall be indemnified against

44 Forfeitures. Not to indemnify any Person for any Penalty incurred by neglecting to qualify himself.

44 Persons producing Appointments and Admissions before Dec. 25, 1779, shall be confirmed, and qualified

44 to act as Clerk, Officer, or Member of Corporations, &V. may enjoy all Offices into which they have

44 been elected; and shall be indemnified from all Penalties and Damages incurred by reason of Omiffi >ns.

44 Not to extend to restore Persons to any Office avoided by Judgment. Persons who shall cause Affidavits

44 to be filed before Michaelmas Term, 1779, are indemnified and discharged from Penalties. Persons pro-

44 fecuted and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the General Issue.”

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to explain so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King

Charles the Second, intituled, /In At1 for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Na-

vigationt, as relates to the Importation into this Kingdom, and other his Majesty’s Domi-

nions, of Goods and Commodities, of the Growth or Production of Africa, Acts, or

America, which are manufactured in foreign Parts; for preventing Matters of Ships re-

moving their Vessels out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays, in the Port of

London, before the Goods are discharged, or their Vessels are cleared by the proper Offi-

cer inwards or outwards; and for allowing the Officers of the Customs and Excise to

make use of Lights on board Ships in the Haven, Dock, or Bason, at the Port of King*

fion upon Hull.

4 \X7 H ER E A S determined by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in*

VV tituled, An Act for the encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and Navigation; it was, amongst other

Things, enacted, That no Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of

4 Africa Asia, or America, shall be imported or brought into England, Ireland, Wales, the islands of

4 (juernfey or Jersey, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, from any other Place or Places, Country or Coun*

4 tries, but only from those of the said Growth, Production, or Manufacture, or from those Ports where

the said Goods and Commodities can only, or are or usually have been first shipped for Transportation,

and from n me other Places or Countries, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of all such of the aforesaid

€ Goods as shall be imported from any other Place or Country, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning

of the said Act, as also of the Ship in which they were imported, with all her Guns, Furniture, Am-

4 munition, Ta(kle, and Apparel: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether such Goods, if carried from

the Place or Country of the Growth or Production into any foreign Parts of Europe, and manufactured

4 there, may not be imported from thence into this Kingdom, and other of his Majesty's Dominions in

the said Act mentioned: And whereas the Importation of such Goods and Commodities so manufactured

4 would be very prejudicial to the Trade and Navigation of Great Britain, and would tend to the Ruin of

4 several Artificers and Labourers, whose Families arc supported by the manutaftu'ing such Goods and

4 Commodities in this Kingdom;' be it therefore enacted by the King’s moil b.xcellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prel'ent Parlia-

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June,

one

