A..D. *779* ' Annoi d^dmoaona Q^q^qit III;. C. 69. 471

Attornies and Solicitors shall be subject to thp several Pro?efRg, Qrdert, Judgments, and Executions of

the said Court of Requests, in the same Manner as any other Persons are subject to the fame by this or the

said former Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority.aforesaid. That no General Meeting shall be held Direction» for

*s aforesaid. for aoy of the Purposes in this or the f^M former Act, without the Order of three or more of holding General

the Commissioner.s made upop one/of thq Court-days in the said; former Act mentioned, whilst they shall Meeting*,

be in Court; which said Order shall be in Waiting, 2wd4 shall fppcify the particular Time and Place, and

*lfo the Purpose of such General Meeting, and shall be regiftefed i>y the Clerks then present in Court, on

one of them, and Notice thereof in Writing, or in Print, shall be delivered to, or left at the ufuai Place

of Abode of, all the said Commissioners respectively, by, the Beadles of the said Court, or by any other

Person or Persons the Comnwffioneis requiring such General Meeting shall direct, four Days at least before

the holding of each and every such General Meeting respectively.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Victualler, or Person or Persons whomsoever who shall No viOuaiicr,

fell Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors by Retail, Ih^ll be capable off acting as a Commissionef in the Exe- *5: caP-bl^of

Cution of this or. thp said former Act. . SK.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expencea of procuring and passing of this Experce* \>f thii

present Act shall be paid, fati$fiea, and discharged, out of the first Monies which shall be raised as afore* a a how to be

said, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act. Paid*

XXVIII. Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Thi* Aanotto

the Precinct of the Tower within; nor to restrain the ancient Court of Record held for and within the pXte“dA° lfh!

Liberty of the T^Werof London, from holding Plea of any personal Action which shall arise within the t^ww within*

said Liberty, or to take away^ alter, pr abridge, any Jurisdiction, Authority, Privilege, Immunity, or &c.

Exemption, which the Chief Governor of the Tower, or his Deputy pr Deputies, or any Officer or Mi-

nifter or any Inhabitants wfthin the said Liberty, enjoys or enjoy, or pught to'enjoy, by virtue of any

taw, Usage, Prescription, Grant* Charter, Coitjmrffion, or otherwise, any Thing herein or in the said re-

1 cited Act contained to the contrary notwithstaoding.

XXIX* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be com- LimitttWatf

tnenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or on account of any Action«.

Order, Determination, Judgment, or Decree of the said Commissioners, until twenty Days Notice shall

be given thereof in Writing, to be left at the Office of the Clerks of {he said Court, or after sufficient Sa-

tisfaction or Tepder thereof hath been made to the Party or Partita aggrieved, or after three Calendar

Months next after the Cause of Action (hallarife; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and

Suits, and every of them, may plead the General.Issue, apd give this Act and the special Matter in Evi* OenerU issue,

deuce at any Trial or Trials which shall be hiad thereupon: And if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuited,

pr if a Verdict or Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then, and in either

of the said Cafes, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy Double Cofti,

for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any

Cafes by Law.

XXX. And be i^ enacted by the Aqthority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act.

public Act; and shall be taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, JufUces, and other Persons whomsoever,

Without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for the more effectually preventing the pernicious Practices of Smuggling in this

4 Kingdom; and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the

Laws of the Customs and Excise, upon the Terms therein mentioned.

€ XT WHEREAS, in Defiance of the several Laws of Customs and Excise already made, and of the Preamble*

VV Penalties 'and Provisions from Time to Time enacted for the Punishment of Offenders against

4 such Laws; and notwithstanding the Grace and Clemency lately offered to Persons who had been guilty

4 of Smuggling Offences, great Quantities of prohibited and uncustomed Goods, and particularly of Tea,

c foreign Brandy, and other foreign Spirits, continue to be illegally imported into and landed in this King-

4 dom; and fuen Goods are run, carried, and conveyed, from the Sea Coasts through the Country, as well

4 by secret Frauds and clandestine Practices as by open Force, and by Gangs of daring and dissolute Per-

4 fons, armed with offensive Weapons, and aflpeiated and assembled to carry into Execution their evil

and pernicious Purposes, in SubVerfion of all Civil Authority and Power whatsoever: And whereas it

4 is become highly necessary, for the Preferyation of the public Revenue, the Protection of the fair Trader,

and the Quiet and good Ord$r of the Kingdom, that foroe further Provisions should be made for the ArterAu ,

4 better preventing such illegal Practices, and for deterring all Persons from committing such Offences, or l7*l\ f?ny so-

from being aiding and amfting therein;’ be it enaftea by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and reign Spirituous

with the Advice and Cpnfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parlia- Liquo* be

ment aflfcmjbled, and by the Authority of $he fame, That, from and after the first Day of Augujiy one imP°'led fr°p

thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, where any foreign Brandy or other foreign Spirituous Liquors inaVelfel

shall be imported or brought into Great Britain^ or into any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, containing jeV

from any Part of Europe, in any Veil'd or Calk which shall not contain sixty Gallons at the least (ex- th*n6oGaUont,

cepting only for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board the Ship or Vessel in which the the fame ihali be

fame shall be imported, not exceeding two Gallons far each Seaman), then not only the said Brandy, and f(?rfe“c.c<» "Jth

pther foreign Spirituous Liquors, but also the Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall be so imported, of ^cc ,p> Gun,#

' P P P whatever (Eiception.)

