506

Domtnt-

6M beyond Sea,

an«i ilierwardl

inipnited invo

G.en Bri'V.A.

Pieamble,

Recital of an

Ad is Cat. II.

az & 13 Car. II.

and 15 Car. Ila

4 Gao. III. Cap.

*5-

7 Geo. I. C?p.

mi.

C. 10. Anno vicesimo Georgii III, A.D. 1780.

Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Importation, a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of Office

of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and Naval Officer, or any two of them, at the Port

or Place where such Tobacco Oiall be condemned; and if there’shall be no Collector or Comptroller, or

Naval Officer, at such Port or Place, then under the Hand and Seal of the Governor or Commander in

Chief, or the British Consul redding there, certifying that such Tobacco hath been taken and condemned,

as Prize; which Certificate shall express the Quantity, Number, and Marks, of the Package of such To-

bacco, and by what Ship the fame was taken, and when and where the fame was condemned; on Failure

whereof, such Tobacco shall be subject to the fame Duties and Restrictions as it would have been liable to

if this Act hat not been made.

CAP. X.

An Act to allow the Trade between Ireland and the British Colonies and Plantations in

America and the West Indies, and the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, to be

carried on in like Manner as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the said Colo-

nies and Settlements.

4 TI WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles

the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, it is,

4 amongst other Things, enacted. That, for every Ship or Vessel which shall load any Commodities, in

that Act particularly enumerated, at any English Plantation in America, Asia, or Africa, being the Growth,

4 Product, or Manufacture thereof, Bond shall be given, with one Surety, to the Value of one thousand

4 Poands, if the Ship be of less Burthen than one hundred Tons, and of the Sum of two thousand Pounds,

4 if the Ship be of greater Burthen, that the fame Commodities shall be brought by such Ship or Vessel to

4 some other English Plantation, or to some Port in England ox Ireland, or Principality of Wales, or 1'own

4 of Berwick upon Tweed: And whereas, by another Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-second and

4 twenty-third Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the planting of

4 Tobacco in England, and for regulating the Plantation Trade, it was, amongst otherThings, enacted, T hat

the Word Ireland should be left out of all such Bonds: And whereas, by several subsequent Acts of

4 Parliament, made in this Kingdom, which are now in Force, the said enumerated Commodities, and

4 several other Articles which are particularly enumerated in such subsequent Acts, are to be carried to

4 some other British Plantation, or to some Port in Great Britain only: And whereas, by another Act of

4 Parliament, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An At1 for

the Encouragement of Tade, no Commodity of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture Qf Europe

4 (excepting some particular Articles which are enumerated in that Act, and in other subsequent Acts of

4 Parliament which are now in Force), can be imported into any Land, Island, Plantation, Colony, Ter-

4 ritory, or Place, belonging to, or in the Possession of, his Majesty, in Asia, Africa, or America, but

4 what shall be bona fide, and without Fraud, laden and shipped in Great Britain, in Ships navigated ac-

4 cording to Law, and carried directly from thence, and from no other Place or Places whatsoever: And

4 whereas by another Act of Parliament, made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, inti—

4 tuled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the Rritish Colonies and Plantations in America $ for continuing,

4 amending, ana making perpetual, an Act pojfied in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled, An- Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar

4 Colonies in America \ for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said

4 Act, towards defraying the Ex pence 5 of defending, protecting, and securing the said Colonies and Plantations ;

4 j'or explaining an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An

4 Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plant*

4 ation Trade; and j'or altering and dishilowing several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and mor/

4 ejj'cftually preventing the cl an define Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, ana

4 improving and securing the Trade between the fame and Great Britain; it is, amongst other Things, en-

* acted. That any Officer of the Customs may flop any British Vessel arriving from any Port of Europe,

4 which shall be discovered within two Leagues of the Shore of the British Colonies in America, and take

4 from thence and seize, as forfeited, any Goods (except Salt, Wines, Horses, Victuals, and Linen

4 Cloth, as therein particularly mentioned) for which the Master shall not produce a Cocquet or Clearance

4 from the Collector or proper Officer of his Majesty *s Customs, certifying that the said Goods were laden

4 on Board the said Ship or Vessel in some Port of Great Britain: And whereas by another Act of Par-

4 liament, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for the fur-

4 ther preventing his Majesty s Subjects from trading to the East Indies under foreign Commijjwns; and for cn-

4 couragin? and further securing the lawful Trade thereto; and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal,

and thtlfie of Thanet; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That no Commodity of the Growth, Pro-

4 dust, or Manufacture of the East Indies, and other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, shall be im-

4 ported or carried into any Land, Island, Plantation, Colony, Territory, or Place, to his Majesty or the

4 Crown of Great Britain belonging, or which should thereafter belong t;o his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-

4 cefiors, in Africa ox America, but such only as shall be bona fide, and without Fraud, loaden and shipped

in Great Britain, in Ships navigated according to Law: And whereas it is expedient to allow the Trade

4 between Ireland and the British Colonies in America and the Wefi Indies> and the British Settlements on

the Coast of Africa, to be carried on in like Manner, 2nd with equal Advantages to his Majesty’s Sub-

4 iefts in Ireland, as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the said Colonies and Settlements :*

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Ex-

cellent

