A.D. 1777. Anno decimo feptimo Ghoxgii III.

C. 52.

129

* II* And whereas by a Clause in an Act, passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty R^tal of an

* Queen Anne (intituled,' An Act for laying several Duties upon all Sope and Paper made in Great Britain, or oil° Annac*

* imported into the fame; and upon Chequered and Striped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Cal/icoes,

c Linens, and Stuff's printed, painted, or fained; and upon several Kinds of St amp t Vellum, Parchment, and

* Paper; and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets, and Advei’tifcments; for raifng the Sum of Eighteen

4 Imndred thousand Pounds, by Way of a Lottery, towards her Majestys Supply ; and for licensing an additional

4 Number (f Hackney Chairs ; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Vice ; and for better securing her

4 Majestys Duties to arise in the Office for the Stamp-duties by Licences for Marriages and otherwise \ and for

4 Relief of PerJ'ons who have not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due Time, or have loft Exchequer Bills, or Lot-»

c tery Tickets ; and for borrowing Money upon Stock (Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company), for the

1 Uje of the Public) ; it was enacted, That every Person whatsoever, who should make any Sope in Lon-

4 don or Westniinjhr, or in any Parts within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, should, monthly and every

4 Month; and all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who should make any Sope in any other Part

4 of Great Britain, should, once in every six Weeks, make a true Entry, in Writing, at the next Office

4 for the said Duties, of all the Sope by him, her, or them Severally made, within such Month or fix

4 Weeks respectively ; which Entries were to be made in Manner as therein exprefl'ed : And by one other

4 Clause in the (kid recited Act, it wis further enacted, That all and every Person, who should make any

4 Sope in London or Westminster, or within the Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, should,

4 wfthin four Weeks; and all and every Person whatsoever, who should make any Sope in any other Part

4 o{Great Britain, should, within six Weeks after he, (he, or they should have made, or ought to have

4 made, such Entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the said Duties upon Sope, which should be due from

4 him, her, or them respectively; and that all and every such Makers of Sope, who should refuse or ne-

4 gleft to make such Payment as aforesaid, should forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, double the Sum

4 of the said Duty: And whereas the Allowance of so long a Time for the making of the Entries, and for

A the Payment of the Duties as aforesaid, hath been found prejudicial to the Revenue, and also to the fair

4 Trader, as evil-minded and indigent Persons have been encouraged thereby to make Sope, and have made

4 Entry of the Sope by them made, but have neglected to pay the Duty when due, and before the Time

4 that the Duty could be recovered have absconded from their respective Dwelling-places, or by other Me-

4 1 hods have evaded the Payment of the fame be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the

twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-Seven, the above-recited Clauses, and

every Article, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be, and are hereby repealed, and made null

and void.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth

Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, all and every Person whatsoever, who shall

make any Sope, shall, weekly and every Week, .make a true Entry in Writing at the next Office for the

.Duties on Sope, of all the Sope by him, her, or them Severally made within each Week; which said En-

tries shall contain the Weight of all the Sope mentioned therein respectively, and what Quantity thereof

was made attach Boiling in that Week, on Pain to forfeit for every Neglect the Sum of fifty Pounds:

Which Entries shall be made upon Oath by the Maker of such Sope, or by their chief Workman or Ser-

vant employed in making the same, according to the best of their Knowledge and Belief; unless such

Maker, Workman, or Servant, be a known Quaker, and the Solemn Affirmation of such Maker, Work-

man, or Servant, to the fame EffVft, in case he or she be a known Quaker, shall and may be taken instead

of such Oath ; and the said Entries, Oaths, and Affirmations, to verify the fame, shall, for such Sope as

* flrall be made within the Limits of the chief Office of Excise, be made with, and administered by, such

Officer or Officers as shall be appointed by the Commissioners for the Duties on Sope in England, or the

major Part of them, for the Time being ; and for all Sope made in all other Parts of Great Britain, with

and by the Collectors and Supemfors of the District or Division within which the respective Makers of

- Sope shall inhabit, without any Fee or Charge whatsoever to be taken or demanded for the fame.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons what-

.soever, who shall make any Sope in Great Britain, shall, within one Week after he, (he, or they shall

make, or ought to have made, such Entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the Duties for Sope which shall

be due from him, her, or them respectively ; and that ail and every such Maker of Sope, who shall refuse

or neglect to make such Payment as aforesaid, shall forfeit and Jose, for every such Offence, double the Sum

of the said Duty whereof the Payment shall be so refused or neglected ; and that no such Makers of Sope,

after such Default in Payment made, shall fell, deliver, or carry out any Sope, until he hath paid and

cleared off his Duty as aforesaid, on Pain to forfeit double the Value of such Sope so delivered or car-

ried out.

V. Provided always, That no Maker of Sope shall be obliged to go or fend further than the Market Proviso.

Town where his or her Sope is made, or the next Market Town to the Place where his or her Sope is

made, for the making of such Entries, or the Payment of the said Duties.

4 VI. And, for the better preventing the Frauds frequently committed by divers Makers of hard Sope, The Furnace-

4 who light Fires under their Coppers, Pans, or other Utensils by them respectively used for the boiling or door of every

4 making of Sope, in the Absence of, and without the Knowledge or Privity of the Officers for the Duties ^aking of

4 on Sope be it enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven him- Sope> n»a»i be

dred and seventy-seven, the Furnace-door of every Copper, Pan, or other Utensil used by any such fanned by the

Maker of Sope for the boiling or making of Sope, shall, and they are hereby required to be securely locked

and fattened by the Officers of Excite who survey such Trader, as soon as the Fire is dampt or drawn from

under every such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil; and proper Locks and Keys, and all other necessary

. Faftcnings for securing the said Coppers, Pans, and other Utensils, shall be provided by the respective Sur-

veyors and Supervisors of Excise of the several Districts or Divisions in which such Makers of Sope (lull

VOL. XIII. Part I. ' S respectively

After Jane 1

4777,rhe above*

recited Clause*

shall be repealed.

All Personi who

/hall make any

Sope, after the

Day abovesaid,

/hall enter the '

fame weeklr at

the next Office,

See.

on Penalty of

Sol.

Entries to be

made on Oath,

&c.

Makers of 'Sops

to pay the Unties

within a Week

after Entry.

Penalty

Offirsr as fjon as

the Fire isd2Diprf

&c.

