A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii IIJ. C. 1$, 16, 509

CAP. xv.

An Act for repealing so.much of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the tenth Year of

his Majesty's Reign, intituled, 4 An Act for building a new Partfh Churchy and declaring the

4 present Pariflj Church a Chapel, for making a Ccemetery, or Church-yard; and for building

4 an House fcr the Use of the Minijler of the Pariflj of Saint Mar.y-le* bone, in the County of

1 Middlesex;* as impowers the Vestrymen of the said Parish to build a Church upon a

certain Parcel of Ground, in the said Parish, belonging to Henry William Porlm,n3 Esquire,

heretofore Parcel of a certain Clol'e, called The Fifteen Acres.

4 TX/^REAS in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, Preamble.

4 VV1 An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the tenth Year of his Majesty's AO jz Geo. I IT,

. f Reign, intituled44 An Act for building a'new f art)h Church, and declaring the present Patish Church a recited,

44 Chapel yfor making H Ccemetery, or Church-yard; and for building an House for the Use of the Mini ft cr of

:4< the Parish of Saint Mary-fe-bone in the County of Middlesex it was enacted (amoegft other Things),

4 That it should be lawful for the Trustees therein appointed; o'r any nine or more of them, and they

4 were thereby authorised and impowered to cause a Church, and, if they thought fit, a Steeple also, to

4 be built upon a certain. Piece or Parcel of Ground, belonging to Henry William Portman Esquire, therein

named, and then in Lease to William Baker Esquire (therein also named), situate, lying, and being ifi

the Parrfh.of Saint Mary-le~bone, in the County of Middlesex\theretofore Part or Parcel of a certain

4 Close,^called The Fifteen Acresr therein particularly described: And whereas it has been found inconi

4 nient to build a Church upon the said Piece of Ground; &nd the Vestrymen of the said Parish, who are

4 by the said Act appointed Trustees for building the said Church and Steeple, have agreed, and are wit-

4 ling to relinquish to the said Henry U Uliam Portman, his Heirs and Assigns, all Right given to them by

the said Act to build a Church and.Steeple on the said Piece of Ground May it therefore please yoi/r

Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thatfo much of the said Act,* as authorises and impowefs A Repeal of the

the said Vestrymen and Trustees* or any nine or more of them,.to.cause a Church’ and Steeple to be built Power given to

upon the said Piece or Parcel of Ground belonging to the said Henry William Portman, and then in Lease the Veflrymenof

to the said William Baker, situate, lying, and being in the said Parish, heretofore Part and Parcel of the j^ear i^bone^*

before-mentioned Close, called The Fifteen Acres, containing in Length from East to Weft, on the North tobluirtaChu^cti

and South Sides thereof, two hundred Feet of AflSze (little more or less), and in Breadth from North to on Mr. Port-

South, on the East and Weft Sides thereof, one hundred and fifty Feet of Aifize (little, more or less), min’s Ground,

shall be, and is hereby repealed.; and that the Fee-simple and Inheritance of and in the said Ground, called The Fif»

with the Appurtenances, shall be and is hereby vested in the said Henry William Portman, his Heirs and teen AcrC,«

Assigns, to the only proper Use and Behoof off the said Henry William Portman, his Heirs and Assigns,

for ever, freed and absolutely discharged from all Right or Claim of the said Vestrymen and Trustees df

and in the fame by virtue of the said Act. ,

II. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of the Expences attending the obtaining and passing of Spences ofthit

this Act shall be defrayed by the fid Henry William Portman, and the other Moiety thereof by the Trustees Aa how to be

of the Burial-grounds of the said Parish of Saint Mary-U-bone, out of the Monies arising to them by virtue Pa><*.

of the said former Acts.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall Public Act*

be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without spe-

cially pleading the same.

cap. xvr.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

44 Preamble. 12,000,000l. to be raised by Annuities, and 480,000l. by a Lottery. Contributors to the

44 Sum of i2,cfo,oooo /. to be intitled to certain Annuities; which shall be charged upon a Fund to be

44 established this Session, and collaterally upon the Sinking Fund. Contributors shall be intitled to one

44 Quarter’s Annuity, at 4/. perCent. from January 5, to April 5, 1780; and from that Time shall be

44 paid half-yearly. Every Contributor of 1,000l. shall. Upon Payment of 40/. more, be intitled to four

44 Lottery Tickets. Preamble; reciting that Books have been opened at the Bank, and Deposits made,

44 pursuant to a Resolution of the House of Commons. All Persons who have made Deposits, pursuant

44 to the aforesaid Resolution, are required.to pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions at certain Times

44 specified. Subscribers to the Annuities to be allowed Interest for all Monies paid in Advance. Sub-

44 feribers to the Lottery, on paying in the Whole of their Subscriptions, shall receive Tickets to the

44 Amount thereof. Subforibers to the 12,000,000l. intitled to an Annuity of 4L per Cent*; and also to an

44 Annuity of 1/. i6j. o,d for 80 Years; both payable half-yearly. All Contributors who shall pay in the

44 Whole of their Contribution-money before June 30, 17^, may receive the Half Year’s Annuity due

44 July c, 1-80, on the Annuity of \u 16 j. 3d.; otherwise they shall not receive the said Annuity until

Vol. XIII. Part IV. t Uuu “January

