2^4 C. 56—58. Anno dectmo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778*

jesty’s Subjects reftdirg in that Part of his Majesty’s Dominions) from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be

fitted and cleared out; any Thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

i V^ail'sht’* IX. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the

}yu\i ‘m Ireland*, twenty-fourth Day of June) one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, all Ships and Vessels what-

and owned by ’ soever huilt in Ireland, and owned by his Majesty’s Subjects residing in any Part of the British Dominions

his Majesty’i in Europe, shall be deemed British-buWt, and shall be intitled to the like Privileges and Advantages in all

Turcptan Sub. Respects as Ships built in Great Britain; and all Ships and Vessels belonging to any of his Majesty’$ Sub-

dVemUVrhrti- jf&s reding ,n Ireland\ and not British-built, shall be intitled to the fame Privileges and Advantages in

built, &c. " Parts of his Majesty’s Dominions as Ships belonging to his Majesty’s Subjects residing in Great Britain,

and not British or Irish built, are intitled t6. t ,

CAP. LVI.

An Act to permit the Importation of Cotton-yarn, the Manufacture of Ireland, -into this

Kingdom Duty-free.

Pr'tmbie. 4 T T7 HER E A S by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in-

Act 12 Car, II. tituled, A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Moneys payable

cciled« upon fylerchandize exported and imported^ a Duty was imposed upon all Cotton-yarn imported into Eng-

land: And whereas it is expedient that Cotton-yarn, of the Manufacture of Ireland, should be imported

4 into Great Britain Duiy-free be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,* by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Pur-

Afrrr j-inc 14, Lament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of

,«r7n' of°theft* €June,> onc thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, no Subsidy, Custom, Duty, or other Imposition

M»nuf*aurc of whatsoever, shall be demanded, received, or taken, upon any Cotton-yarn of the Manufacture of Ireland)

Ireland, maybe which shall be imported directly from thence into Great Britain; provided the Master, or Person having

tmpoited into the Charge of the Ship or Vessel importing the fame, shall bring with him a Certificate or Certificates

Great Britain from the Chief Officer or Officers of the Port or Place in Ireland where such Goods shall be put on Hoard,

the^C exPre^ng Marks, Number, Tale, or Weight, of the Goods in each Bale or Package mentioned in

VcfleYbringing the Bill or Bills of Lading, with the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode, of the Exporter or Ex-

v/ith him a pro- porters from Ireland) and the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode, of such other Person or Persons

per Certificate . that shall have sworn the Goods therein mentioned to have been bona fide of she Manufacture of Ireland,

frofn\theO/ficert without Fraud or Covin, and where and to whom the fame are consigned in this Kingdom; and the Master,

wheretheGooda or P*rf°n having the Charge of the Ship or Vessel in which such Cotton-yarn shall be imported, shall also,

vere'put on upon his Arrival, make Oath, before the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Custpms, at the

Bond, fee. Port of Importation (which Oath such Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs, Is and are

hereby respectively authorised to administer), that the said Bales, Parcels, and Goods therein contained,

are the fame Bales, Parcels, and Goods, which were taken on Board, by virtue of the said Certificate or

Certificates so to be produced $ any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LVIL

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight. 500,000l.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Sugar

and Paneles from the British Colonies and Plantations in America into Great Britain.

Preamble.

Act Geo. III.

recited.

Certain Affida-

vits were to be

delivered to the

Collector, See*

by all Per font

flapping any Su-

gars or Fancies,

See, in the Bri-

tish Colonies ia

America.

II 7 H EREAS, by an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (imituled,

1 VV An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for con-

4 tinuing) amending) and making perpetual, an Act paJJ'ed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

4 King George the Second, intituled) 44 An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his

44 Majesty’s sugar Colonies in Americafor applying the Produce of such Duties) and of the Duties to arise

4 by virtue of the said Act) towards defraying the Expences of defending) protecting) and securing, the said Co-

4 ionics and Plantations; for explaining an Act) made in the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the

4 Second) intituled) 44 An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eojlland Trades, and for the

44 better securing the Plantation Trade and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks on Experts

4 from this Kingdom) and more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance oj' Goods to and from the said Co-

4 ionics and Plantations) and improving and securing the Trade between the fame and Great Britain), it was

4 amongst other Things enacted, That, from and after the twenty-nipth Day of September) one thousand

seven hundred and sixty-four, every Person or Persons, loading on board any Ship or Vessel, in any of

the British Colonies or Plantations in America) any Rum or Spirits, Sugars or Paneles, Melasses or

4 Syrups, as of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of any British Colony or Plantation, should, be-

4 fore the clearing out of the said Ship or Vessel, produce and deliver to the Collector; or other principal

4 Officer of the Customs, at the loading Port, an Affidavit to prove the said Rum or Spirits, Sugarsor

4 Paneles, Melasses or Syrups, to be the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the said Colonies or Plan-

4 unions,

