28o

Chief Magi-

stratet of Cities,

Sec, upon Notice

from the Secre-

tary at War, to

enforce this Act

within their Ju-

rifdilHons.

Bailiffs Follow-

ers and Afftil-

anrs, Sec, not

deemed to follow

any Calling,

Labourers, -

haring proper

Certificates, not

liable to be ira-

prefledfrom May

*5, to Oft. 25.

Commissioners

for executing

thia Act within

the Castle of

York.

Commissioners

for executing th's

A & in Threap-

wood.

Officer not at-

tending to re-

ceive Recruit*,

Commissioners

may adjourn,

and order the

Dcttntion of the

imprefTed Men.

Notice of Ad-

journment to be

given to Officer s

attending this

Service. drC.

Officer to pay

Subnfttnce

Money for

every Recruit,

and incidental

Charges.

Continuance of

this Act.

Form prtfenbed

fur making En-

tries purfuanl C*

this Act,

C. 53. Anno decimo octavo Georgi i III. A.D. 1778,

rough, Town Corporate, or Cinque-port, wherein they inhabit at the Time of executing this Act, as

well where Commissioners are specially appointed by this Act, as where they are not.

4 XLIII. And whereas it may often be expedient for his Majesty’s Service, that the Commissioners

4 hereby appointed shall execute this Act in Cities, Towns, or other Places, when it may not be conve-

4 nient to enforce the Execution thereof through the County in which such City, Town, or Place, shall

4 be respectively fituate/ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor or other

Chief Magistrate of every City, Town, or Place, shall, upon receiving Notice for that Purpose from the

Secretary at War, immediately proceed to put this Act in Execution within their respective Jurisdictions,

in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Mayor or other Chief Magistrate had received

such Notice from the Sheriff of the County in which such City, Town, or Place, shall be respectively

situate 5 any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And it is hereby provided and enacted, That no Bailiff’s Follower or Assistance, employed or be?

longing to any Sheriff, Qailiff of Liberties, Marshalsea Court, or any other Person or Persons that shall be

so employed by any one that shall have the Power of executing any Warrant or Process whatsoever, shall

be deemed thereby to follow or exercise any Calling or Employment, or to have a sufficient Support and

Maintenance, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

4 XLV. And forasmuch as great lnconveniencies may happen by impressing Men during the Time of

4 Harveft/be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day

of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, until the twenty-fifth Day of October following,

no.Haryeft Labourer, or Person working at Hay Harvest or Corn Harvelt Work, within the Time afore-

said, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be impressed by virtue of this Act, but shall be free and

exempted from the same during the Time aforesaid; provided they have a Certificate under the Hands of

the Minifies and of one Churchwarden cr Overseer of the Poor, or Elders, of the Parish or Place where

they live, allowed under the Hand and Seal of one Just ice of the Peace of the same County,. Shire, Stew-

artry. Riding, City, or Place; which Certificate (nail be given gratis.

4 XLVI. And, for the more easy and better putting this Act in Execution/ be it enacted by the Au-

thority aforesaid, That any three or more Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution in the several

Ridings of the County of York(being Justices of the Peace), though not all of the fame Riding, may,

within the Castle of York, or Limits thereof, execute the Powers of this Act.

4 XLVI I. And whereas divers Soldiers, who have deserted his Majesty’s Service, have been harboured

in a certain Place called Tbreapwoody Iving within or near the Counties of Chester and Flinty or one of

4 them, and adjoining to the Town of Cuddington in the said County of Chester / be it further enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners hereby appointed for the County of Chester, and the

Officers of the said Town of Cuddington, shall execute this Act in the said Place called Tbreapwoody accord-

ing to the true Intent and Meaning thereof.

XLVIII. And be it.further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any of the Meetings of the

Commissioners by this Act appointed, in any of their Subdivisions, they shall not be attended Dy fomc

proper Officer appointed for the receiving of Recruits, either through Negligence or any unavoidable Ac-

cident, then, and in that Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to adjourn

themselves to some other convenient Day, and they are hereby authorised to give Directions for detaining

in Custody all such Persons as shall have been then brought before them by the Parish Officers to be in-

lifted, or such of them as they shall think duly qualified for his Majesty's Service; and the said Commis-

(ioners shall give Notice to any of the Officers attending on this Service, in the County or Place where

such Subdivisions shall lye, of the Day of such Adjournment; and the said Officer is hereby required,

either to attend himself, or to appoint some other Officer to attend such Commissioners, and to receive

such Persons as the said Commissioners shall inlist into his Majesty’s Service; and the Officers so receiving

the Recruits shall pay, to such Person as the Commissioners shall appoirt. Sixpence per Diem for the Sub-

fistence of every Recruit then enlisted, from the Day of the last Meeting-of the Commissioners to the said

Day of Adjournment, the fame to he charged to the Account of the several Regiments or Companies into

which the said Recruits shall be inlisted, together with such Charges and Expences as shall appear to the

said Commissioners to have been incurred on account of the detaining the said Persons, from the Day of the

former Meeting of the said Commissioners to the Day of such Second Meeting, not excesding three Pounds.

XLIX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Thing herein

contained, shall be and continue in Force until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

L. And be it fur;her enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Entries which the Commifi-

sioners of the Land Tax are by this Act required to make, of the Names and Descriptions of ali Volunteers,

and alfoof all irr.prefied Men, together with the other Particulars herein-before disedled, be made accord-

ing to the Form hereunto annexed.

Rerruk*$ Name. Parish. Heighth. Age. Defctiption of the hecruits. For what Corps p^elTed. for what Corps tn- teieJ volun- tarily. Sum paid. By whonJ patd. Offiiei who re- ceived or refused the lletniiT, and on what Day. On what Grounds r etu fed.

Feet. Inches.

CAP.

Digi d by

