442

No Assessment

or Surcharge,

made by any

AflelTor, Ac.

flull be im-

peached for any

Miftalte in the

Servant! Names,

&c.

Regulations re-

lating to Mar-

ten, Ac. who

have different

Places of Refi-

dence.

Penalty on Maf-

ters for not re-

turning Servants

in one Parish,

according to

Lifts, See. de-

livered in ano-

ther.

All the Powers,

Rules, Penalties,

Sec, in the re-

cited Acts (not

hereby altered),

to be obferred

in executing the

said Alts, and

this Act.

Penalties and

Forfeitures how

to be recovered.

Persons sued in

executing thic

Alt, may plead

the General

Issue,

and recover

' Treble Cofti,

Preamble.

C. 60; Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

4 Matter orMiftrefs ought to be assessed and charged be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That no Assessment or Surcharge, made or to be made, by any Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveys

ors, by virtue of the said Act, or this present Act, shall be impeached or affected by reason of any Mistake

or Variance in the Christian or Surname, or either of them, of any Servants, or in the Description of their

Employments ; but that all such Assess'ments and Surcharges shall be valid and effectua!, to all Intents and

Purposes, notwithstanding any such Mistake or Variance, provided the Person or Persons intended to be

described shall be a Servant or Servants, in respect of whom the Master or Mistress ought to be assessed

within rhe Meaning of the said Act.

4 XVII. And whereas, by the said Act of the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty, Notice is taken,

4 that many Matters and Mistresses have, or may have, different Places of Residence, or may have Servants,

4 in respect of whom such Matters or Mittreffes may be liable to be rated or assessed, stationed or redding

4 in different Places, and Relief is therein provided to prevent such Matters and Mistresses from being all

4 felled in more Places than one for their respective Servants, which has been found to be attended with

4 considerable Difficulties, and afforded Occasion for many Evasions j* be it further enacted by the Autho-

rity aforesaid, That every such Master or Mistress, when he or she is called upon by the Assessors for a List

of his or her Servants, in each Parish or Dittrift where he or she has a Place of Residence, as directed by

the said recited Act, shall at the fame Time return a List, or make a Declaration, signed by him or her,

of the Number of Servants they mean to pay for at every other Place, specifying the particular Parish or

Parishes wherein he or she means to pay for such other Servant or Servants ; and the said Assessors shall

enter the fame at the End of their several Assessments, and deliver them to the Surveyor for the District,

that he may transmit the Particulars thereof to the Commissioners for managing the Affairs of Taxes ; and

on Failure of the Delivery of such Lift, or making a Declaration, in the Manner above-mentioned, by

any Master or Mistress, the Assessors or Surveyors shall, and are hereby required to surcharge such Master

or Mistress for every Servant who has been retained by any Master or Mistress respectively, within the

Parish for which the Assessment is made, during the Year ending the fifth Day of April preceding the making

such Assessment.

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if it shall be discovered that any Serva'nt or

Servants have not been returned by a Master or Mistress in one Parish, according to the Lifts or Declara-

tions delivered in another, in order to their being brought regularly into Charge by the Assessors, the Master

or Mistress of such Servant or Servants shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Pounds, one Half to his

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the

fame.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities,

Rules, Directions, Penalties,' Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, not hereby altered, contained

in the said recited Acts, made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty, and in the last Session of Par-

liament, or either of them, for raising, levying, collecting, and paying the Duties thereby granted, shall

be in full Force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the whole King-

dom of Great Britain, for raising and levying, collecting and paying, the several Rates and Duties on Ser-

vants, and on inhabited Houses, by the said Acts, and this present Act granted, as fully and effectually, to

all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame or the like Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, For-

feitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this

present Act.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures to'be incurred for any Of-

fences against this Act, for which there is no particular Way of levying herein prescribed or appointed*

shall be recovered in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, with Costs of Suit, by Action

of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or

more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any

Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in

pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall

and may plead the General Ifltie, and give the foecial Matter in Evidence, for his or their Defence; and

if, upon the Trial, a Verdict shall pais for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be-

come nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Qofts awarded to him or them

against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LX.

An Act for establiftiing certain Payments to be made to the Vicar of the Parish of Saint

Michael in the City of Coventry for the l ime being in Lieu of Tithes; and for repealing

so much of an Act of the fourth and fifth of Philip and Mary as relates to the Payment of

Tithes in the said Parish.

4 f I 7 HEREAS the King’s Majesty, in Right of the Crown of these Realms, is Patron of the Vicar-

* VV age of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Michael in the City of Coventry : And whereas there

4 have been certain Rates and Payments made to the now Vicar, and his Predecelfors Vicars of the said

4 Parish of St, Michael, which compose the principal and almost the whole of the Emoluments arising to

4 the said Vicar ; but the fame are now become an incompetent Provision, and inadequate to the Duty re-

4 quired to be performed in the said Parish: And whereas, by a Statute passed in the fourth and fifth

4 Years

