206

Excrption in

Favour of Wine#

imported for

private Ule.

Preamble.

The. General

Turnpike Aik

13 Geo. ill.

recited.

So much of the

recited Act re-

pealed as orders

a double Toll

tolre paid for

all Carriages

whose Wheels

are of less

Breadth than

fix Inches,

Trustees may

release all Lef-

fees of Tolls

f ratal their

Contrails at

Michaelmas

fKxt

Preamble,

Recital of an

Ad 22 Geo.il.;

C 28, 29. Anho decimo octavo Georgii III. A. D. 1778.

other Package containing the fame (except as herein-after is provided); and the fame shall and may be

seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs, and prosecuted in any Court of Record at IVcJl-

tninfler, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively ; one Moiety of which Forfeiture (after de-

ducting the Charges of Condemnation and Sale of such Wines) shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall seize and pro-

fecute such Wine.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any French

Wines may be imported in Bottles, or that any Wines may be imported in smaller Casks than is herein-

before limited, without Fraud or Concealment, for private Use, and not by way of Merchandize; any

Thing in this Act, or any other Law, Custom, or Usage', to the contrary notwithstanding.

«%

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Ma-

jesty’s Reign, intituled. An Act to explain., amend, and reduce into of ,

the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Bri-

tain called England, and for other Purposes j as is to subject Carriages, having the Fellies

of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than fix Inches, to the Payment of double

Toils •, and for vacating Contrafts for leafing Tolls.

* 117 H E R fe A S byr an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of hi* present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

* VV An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for

4 regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part ofQrtzi Britain called England, and for other Purposes; it was

4 enacted, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, onfc thousand seven hundred and

4 seventy-six, a double Toll should be paid for the Passage through Turnpike Gates of all Carriages having

4 the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than fix Inches from Side to Side 5 and for the

4 Horses, or Beasts of Draught, drawing the fame: And whereas, by an Act passed in the sixteenth Year

4 of the Reign of his present Majesty, the said double Toll was suspended until the twenty-ninth Day of

4 September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight: And whereas great Inconveniencies will arise

4 if the said Provision be suffered to take place;’ may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be en-

acted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame, That so much of the said Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, as

enacted, That the Trustees appointed by virtue, or under the Authority, of any Act of Parliament made

for repairing or amending Turnpike Roads, or such Person or Persons as they should authorise, should and

might, and were thereby required to demand and take, for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage,

having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than fix Inches from Side to Side, at the

least, at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and for the Horses, or Beasts of Draught, drawing the fame, from

and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-ftx, double the

Tolls or Duties which were or should be payable for the fame respectively by any Act or Acts of Parlia-

ment made for amending or repairing Turnpike Roads,' before any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Car-

riage respectively, shall be permitted to pais through any Turnpike Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, where

Tolls should be payable by virtue of any such Acts; and which, by an Act made in the sixteenth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, was impended until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand

seven hundred and seventy-eight; shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it QnH and may be law-

ful for such Trustees, and they are hereby required, to release all Lessees of Tolls, within their respective

Jurisdictions, from their respective Contrafts at Michaelmas next 5 provided forty Days Notice shall have

een given in Writing, by any such Leflfee or Lessees, to the Treasurer or Clerk of any such Trustees.

respectively.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for impowering the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamer*

at Greenwich^ in the County of Kent, to exchange certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements,.

Tithes, and Hereditaments, belonging to them in the Parishes of Alnwick, EmbUton, and

Warkworth, in the County of Northumberland, for other Lands belonging to the most

Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, in some one or more of the open Common Fields

at Corbridge, in the said County pand to empower the said Corfiraiflioners and Governors

to grant Leases, in Manner therein mentioned-

€ T 17 HEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made and pasted in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of

4 \ V his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for vesting the several Estates of James-

4 late Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Ratclifte, deceased, comprizedin several Settlements therein mentioned*

4 in Trustees for an absolute Efiate of Inheritance for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich ; and for

4 raising certain Sums of Money out of Part of the said Estates for the Relief of the Children of the said Charles

4 Ratcliffe; several Baronies, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments

f (having been the Estate of the said James late Earl of Derwentwater and Chariet Ratcliffe^ and having

4 become

