j88

Tart of an Act of

9 Anns repealed.

Terfons sued for

any Thing done

in pursuance of

thii Act, may

plead the Ge-

neral Issue,

and recover

Treble Coda.

Preamble.

After July 5,

lyStf, an addi-

tional Duty of

sd. perPound to

be paid 00 Im-

portation of

Starch, and on

Hair Powder

made of Starch,

&c.

which Duty {hall*

be Liable to the

additional 5 per

Cent, g' anted by

19 Geo. III.

Cap. 25.

Ho Drawback to

be ail med on

Exportation.

Hew Duties to

be levied and

recovered a« the

former one*.

After July 5,

17S0, an addi-

tion-! Duty of

] d. per Pound to

be paid for all

Starch n ade in

Great Britain.

The afore ft id

Du i?$ to I e paid

so< all Sta'ch n

H md on July 5,

I7S0.

Starchrmk-ts,

£/c to make due

1 htry of such

‘ tcclr, on Pe-

nalty of 501, and

Forfeiture there-

of i

0.52. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. . A.D. 1780.=

Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be

entered, separate, and apart from all other Monies paid or payable , to his Maj'efty, his Heirs or Sue-*

ceflors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer

as aforesaid, shall be a Fund far the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and

Expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of tl&laft Session of Parliament*

intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and ft* establishing a Lottery^

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the

ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post-*

office for all her Majesty s Dominionsy and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Kevcnues thereof for the Service

of the Wary and other her Majesty's Occaftonsy as retrains any Persons, other than the Postmaster-general

for the Time being, and the respective,Deputies and Substitutes of such Postmaster-general, from pre-

paring or providing, or from letting to Hire, or furnishing Horses or Furniture for riding Pod within thin

Kingdom, {hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made void.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority afarefaitL That if any Person or Persons shall, at any

Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in

pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall

or may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his and their Defence ; and

if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiff#

become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him. or them

against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LI I.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Starch and Hair Powder im-'

ported, and upon Starch made in Great Britain, and upon Sweets.

* Most Gracious Sovereign, ,

c TIJ E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

4 VV assembled, towards raising, by the most easy Means, the necessary Supplies to defray your.Ma-

4 jesty’s public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the fc-*

4 veral Imposts and Duties herein-after mentioned and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may,

4 be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common?, in this present Parliament assembled*

and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hun-

dred and eighty, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, hie

Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Starch, and upon Hair Powder made of Starch, or other Powder

that will serve for the same uses as Starch, which, from and after the fifth Day of Jufy, one thousand feveiT

hundred and eighty, shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain (over and above all

Customs, Subsidies, and Duties, already imposed thereupon), the Sum of two Pence for every Pound

Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity ; which said additional Impost or Duty {hall

be paid down in ready Money, without any Discount or Allowance, on Importation; and shall be alfo1

subjeeft and-liable to an additional Impost or Duty of five Pounds per Centum, in the same Manner as the"

additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum is granted to his Majesty, by an Act made in the last Session of

Parliament (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of several Dutier

under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Exeije in Great Britain), are directed;

to he collected and paid.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Part of the said Duties

herein-before granted, shall be repaid or drawn back upon the Exportation of the said Starch, Hair

Powder, or other Powder 5 and that the said Duties shall be raised, levied, recovered, and paid, in fuchf

Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, as the former Imposts or Duties of Custom on Starch

and Hair Powder imported, are now raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, by any A& or Acts of

Parliament now in Force (except where any Alteration is made by this A&), as fully and effectually, to

all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, and Provisions, in such Acts, had been re-

peated and again enabled in the Body of this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and upon all Starch of what Kind

soever, which, at any Time after the said fifth Day ofjuly^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall

be made within the Kingdom of Great Britain, there {hall be raised, levied, collected, and pud unto and

for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty of one Penny for every Pound

Weight, confiding of sixteen Ounces of avoirdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity;

the fame to be paid determined by the Makers thereof respectively-

IV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all Starch which any Starchmakers,

or any Person or Persons in Trust for him or them, or for his, her, or their Use, shall be poffdled of, and

interested ;n, upon the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, for Sale, there shall

be yielded and paid to his Majesty the like respective Rates as are by this A<£I to be paid for the like Sorts

of Starch respectively, to be made or imported after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred

and eighty ; and that all and every the said St^rehmakers, and all and every other Person and Persons who,

in Trust for them, or any of them, or for the Use of them, or any of them, shall be poflcflbd of, or have

in his, her, or their Custody or Post’eflion, or in his, her, or their Workhouse, Warehouse, Stoichouse,

Shop-room, or other Place or Places whatsoever, upon the said fifth Day of July* one thousand (even*

2 bundled

