and of Prrfom

keeping Hor£ra

for Hire or La-

bour, Sec,

Truflres to ap-

point Officer*.

Penalty on De-

faulters.

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. C. 7. 175

every Parish within the said two Districts severally, whether the fame be occupied by the Owners or by

Tenants ; and in case two or more Possessions {hall stand valued in cumuio, or together* the said Trustees

shall call the Proprietor* or his Factor, to give in a Division of said Cumuio Valuation* proportional among /

the different Poilessions, which State {hall be subject to the Revisal of the Meeting; or in case of Neglect*

they (lull by an Inquiry into the Proportion that the different Possessions bear to each other, divide the

total Valuation of the Whole, so valued in cumuio^ proportionably among the Parts* and thereby ascertain

and fix the Composition in Money for Statute Services and Labour, to be required from every Occupier

of Land, as herein-after mentioned : And also exact Lifts shall be made up of all Persons keeping Horses

for Hire or Labour, and the Number of Horses kept by each Person: And likewise exact Lifts shall be

made up of all Persons whatever chargeable with Statute Labour, as herein-after mentioned : And the

said Lifts shall be made for every Parish respectively* within the two Distiifts aforesaid, and {hall be from

Time to Time revised and altered as a Change of Persons and Circumstances may require: And also the

said Trustees may and {hall appoint fit Persons to be their Clerks, Collectors, Cashiers, or other Officers,

during their Pleasure, with reasonable Allowances for their Care and Pains, such Allowances for the

whole Officers not exceeding five ter Centum of the whole Money levied ; and such Collectors and Cashiers

shall find Security for their good behaviour and faithful accounting, and shall account every six Months,

oroftener, if required by any five Trustees upon Oath before two Justices of the Peace of the said County :

And in case any such Collector, or Cashier, shall, after ten Days Notice given him for that Purpose,

under the Hands of any five or more Trustees, refuse to give in such Account or Accounts, and to swear

to the Truth thereof, or shall refuse to pay the Balance due thereon to the Person or Persons appointed by

the said Trustees to receive the same, then, and in such Cafe, it {ball and may be lawful for any two

Justices of the Peace for the said County or District to commit the Offender to the County GaoJ, there

to remain until such Account shall be fully paid and faiisfied, or until he shall be liberated therefrom in

due Course of Law.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees for each of the respective

Districts shall enter their Proceedings, and an exact Account of the Money received by virtue of this Act,

and of the Application of it, in a Book to be kept by their Clerk, which all Heritors of the said County

shall have Liberty to inspect gratis.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, who

by Law are chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads by Statute Service, shall still remain

chargeable in so far as to be compelled by the Trustees or Commissioners to pay a Conversion in Money,

as is by this Act declared.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons inlhe actual Possession of

their own Lands, are and shall be deemed chargeable in the same Manner as Tenants who occupy Lands,

and that all Carters and Carriers, and other Persons keeping Horses for Hire or Labour, shall pay a Com-

petition for themselves* and for such labouring Horse or Horses as shall be employed by them respectively,

as herein-after mentioned ; and that all Householders, Cottagers, Labourers, and Tradesmen, and their

Servants and Journeymen (Apprentices only excepted), shall pay a Composition in Lieu thereof, as by

this Act is herein-after directed.

IX. Provided, That no Servants hired by the Year, or Half-year, nor Cottars who work as Servants

by the Year, and whose Mailers shall be subjected to pay a Composition for the Land wherein such Ser-

vants and Cottars reside, or other labouring People hired by the Tenant x>r Proprietor by the Year, shall

be liable in any Composition in place of Statute Service.

c X. And whereas it hath generally been found that a reasonable Composition in Money, in place of

4 Labour, is more useful and effectual for the Purpose of repairing the Roads, as well as more easy and

4 convenient for the Persons liable by Law in Statute Services, than their being called out and obliged to

4 perform the actual Service required by the Laws now in Force relative to Highwaysbe it therefore

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person chargeable to such Statute Services, shall

hereafter, in Lieu thereof, pay such a Conversion in Money or Composition for the fame, as shall be

fixed by the Trustees of each District at their said Annual Meetings rcipcftively, not exceeding the Rates

following; (that is to say) All Occupiers of Land, whether Heritors or Tenants, shall be liable to pay

yearly a Composition in Money for the Lands occupied by them respectively, by the valued Rent of such

Land, not exceeding fifteen Shillings Sterling for each one hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent; but the

Tenant in Lands now let for Pasture only, shall be entitled to a Deduction from his Rent of the Com-

position Money paid by him for his Possession of the said Pasture Lands* which the Heritor or Landlord

shall allow* and be burthened with : And all Carters* Carriers, and other Persons keeping Horses for Hire

or Labour, shall* by way of Composition for Statute Service* pay at the Rate to be fixed as aforesaid, not

exceeding Ten-pence Sterling per Day for each Horse, and Five-pence Sterling for each Man per Day.

Provided always, That so far as the said Carter*, Carriers* and other Persons keeping Horses for Hire or Prorlfo.

Labour* shall lent any Lands and be a defied in the Quality of Tenants for the Lands occupied by them

respectively, they shall be entitled to a Deduction out of such Assessment to the Extent of the Rate or

Composition to which they are hereby made subject in respect of I heir Hoifes* and die Composition to

be demanded and exacted from Householders : And all the before-mentioned Pei foils in the fame Class

chargeable with Statute Services, shall be at the Rate to be fixed as aforesaid, not exceeding Five-pence

Sterling per Day for each of the fix Days Labour: And the Whole of the aforesaid Sums shall be paid, by

equal Moieties* on or before the twenty-fifth Day of June and the twenty-fifth Day of December yearly,

to a Colirftor or Collectors to be appointed by the said Trustees* and who are to keep an exact A.ccount

of ahe Money so collected* -and shall be allowed a suitable Gratification for their Trouble.

XI. And also be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector of the Land Tax, or Cess, CorwHVn Mo-

ot each Royal Borough in the said County for the Time being* shall be annually bound to collect the n*y»« Rwi

A a 2 Conversion Boroo*h‘10

Proceedings t*

be entered in a

Book.

Those liable in

Statute Service,

to pay Conver-

fion Money.

What Persont

are chargeable

therewith.

Provide.

The Statute La-

bour of the

County to be

converted into

Money,

