A.D. 1778/ Afano decimo octavo Georgii III.' C. 43, 44, 233

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the last Sefljon of Parliament, the Recovery of S»:r.!l

Debts, within the several Parishes of Surfleet, Gulberton, Quad ring, Donnington, Bicker,

Swinefliead, Wigtoft, Sutterton, Algarkirke, Fofdyke, Kirton, Frampton, Wiberton,-

and Brothertofr, within the Hundred of Kirton, and County Lincoln.

‘ \\7H ERE AS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the move Preamble.

4 f W easy and speedy Recovery of f mall Debts, within the several Parishes of Surfleet, Gofberton, Quad ring, ,7 Geo. Ill,

4 Donnington, Bicker, Swinelhead, Wietoft, Sutterton, Algarkirke, Fofdyke, Kirton, Frampton, cap. 6a. recited,

4 Wiberton, and Brpthertoft, within the Hundred of Kirton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of

4 Lincoln: And whereas the Right Honourable Brownlow Earl of Exeter and Baron of Burghley, Lord of

the Soke of Kirton, in the County of Lincoln aforesaid, and his Ancestors, Lords of the said Soke for

the Time being, have for a great Length of Time had and been entitled unto a Court of Pleas every

'three Weeks, or so often a9 was requisite, for the Recovery of Debts or Damages under forty Shillings,

in all personal Actions arising within the said several Parishes of Surfleet, Gofberton, £hiadring, Don~

4 nington, Bicker, Stvinejhead, IVigtoft, Sutterton, Algarkirke, Fofdyke, Kirton, Prampton, Wiberton, and

4 Brothertoft, as Parcel of the Soke of Kirton aforesaid: And whereas the said Act has unneceilarily, and'

4 without any public Utility, taken away the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and thereby destroyed the

4 Right and Inheritance of the said Earl of Exeter therein \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the parting of this Act, the aforesaid Act, and the and repealed,

several Matters and Things therein contained, shall be, and is and are hereby repealed. ,

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained This Act not to

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect any Order or Decree, made by virtue of the aforesaidv- ettend to any

Act, for Payment of Money; but that such Order or Decree shall stand, continue, and be in full Force, order

and be carried into Execution, in the same Manner as if this Act had not passed; any Thing herein con- ^i^Money.

tamed to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for building a Stone Bridge across the River Tyne, opposite the Town of Hexham,

in the County of Northumberland, and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and

from the same.

TT J HERE AS, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace of our Lord the King, held by. Ad-

journment in and for the County of Northumberland, at the House of James Hindell in Cambo,

4 on Thursday the sixth Day of February, which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred

and seventy-seven, before Gawen Aynfey, Walter Trevelyan, John Tweddell, William Charleton, Francis

4 Tweddell, William Bainbridge, Gabriel Hall, James Allgood, Shaft 0 Fa ugh an, Ralph Smith, and Bacon

4 William WaJlelL Esquires, his Majesty’s justices of the Peace, assigned to keep the Peace in and for the

4 said County, Henry Errington of Sandoe Esquire, then and there proposed to the said Court, That he

4 would, for the Considerations after mentioned, build and erect, or cauie to be built and erected, a Stone

4 Bridge across the River Tyne, oppoiire to Hexham, at about fifty Yards below the Boat-way, and nearly

in a Line with a little Bridge that crortes the Mill Leet, and to land on the North End upon the Ciofe,

4 East of the Boat-house, that is situated betwixt that and the Lane; and which said Bridge, when built

and finished, should consist of nine Arches, and should be of the following Dimentsions; (that is to say)

4 To extend between the Abutments five hundred and eighteen Feet, and, including the Abutment Walls,

4 five hundred and sixty eight Feet; to be twenty Feet wide over all, and about eighteen Feet between

the Parapets; to be gravelled over in the Manner of a good Turnpike Road; and the Heighth of the

4 Road over the Middle Arch to be thirty-one Feet above the Surface of the River, in its ordinary State,

4 with proper Ascents to be formed at each End of the Bridge; that at the South End to be wharfed up

4 with Walls extending fifty Yards, with a Breastwork or rough Parapet thereon, so that the Slope should

4 not be steeper than one in twelve; with a single Arch across the Mill Lect; the Whole to be executed

in a substantial Manner, and according to a Plan of the fame to be delivered in by John Smeaton Esquire;

and that the fame should be built, and the Works carried on, from Time to Time, under the Direction

and Inspectionof the said John Smeaton; and that he the said Henry Errington would complete the Whole,

and find and provide all necelLry Materials for the fame, over and above all the Timber, Stone, Iron,

and other Materials whatsoever, which had been prepared and provided by and at the Expence of the

4 said County, for the Purpose of building a Bridge a little higher up the said River, upon Payment of the

4 Sum of five thousand seven hundred Pounds by the said County, and to be allowed all the said Timber,

4 Stone, Iron, and other Materials, as above mentioned; the fame to be paid in Manner following; (chat

4 is to say) Three hundred Pounds within one Month after the Execution of the Agreement; two hun-

4 dred and eighty Pounds on finishing each Pier and Abutment, respectively, Springer Heighth; and two

4 hundred and fifty Pounds at the keying-in or doling each Arch; and the Remainder when the said

4 whole Bridge should be completed agreeable to the said Plan: And also, at the said Seliions, John Donkin

4 of Sandoe Gentleman, Agent to the said Henry Errington, did then and there (for and on the Behalf of

4 the

Preamble.

Mr. Errington*!

Proposal to

Quarter SciTion*

for Northumber-

land, Feb. 6,

1777, 10 build a

Bridge over the

T yne at Hex-

ham,

and a Bridge of

one Arch across

the Mill Lcct.

Mr. Erring*on*3

Agent pr<,poled

to 014K.C a pubs

