12

Chuse for rpgti-

)a'in<i ihe Price

o' the Fite

Piatt!.

Peblic Att.

Preamble

rccring 16

Oco. HI.

Cap. 5.

C. 7. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

of the Benefit or Profits thereof, or shall declare anyTruft thereof, to or for any Number of Persons,

exceeding the Number of five; or shall open, or cause to be opened, any Book or Books for public Sub-

scriptions to be made fry any Number of Persons, exceeding the Number of five, in order to the railing

any Sum or Sums of Money, under Pretence of carrying on the said Liberty or Privilege hereby granted ;

or shall by him or themselves, or his or their Agents or Servants, receive any Sum or Sums of Money

whatsoever, of any Number of Persons, exceed ing in the Whole the Number of five, for such or the like

Intents or Purposes; or shall presume to act as a Corporate Body, or shall divide the Benefit of the Liberty

or Privileges hereby granted into any Number of Shares, exceeding the Number of five; or shall commit

or do, or procure to be committed or done, any Act, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, during such Time

as such Petfon or Persons shall have any Right or Title, either in Law or Equity, which (lull be contrary

to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act of Parliament, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better securing certain Powers and Privileges in-

tended to be granted by his Alajcfy, by two Charters, for A finance of Ships and Merchandizes at Sea, and for

lending Money ut>on Bottomry, and for refraining feveinl extravagant and unwarrantable Practices therein,

mentioned; or in case the said Power, Privilege, or Authority, (hull at any Time become vetted in, or in

Trust for, more than the Number of five Persons, or their Representatives, at any one Time, otherwise

than by Dcmife or Succession (reckoning Executors and Administrators as and for the single Persons whom

they represent, as to such Interest as they are or shall be intitled to in Right of such their Testator or In-

tettate) 5 that then, and in every of the said Cafes, all Liberties and Advantages whatsoever hereby granted,

shall utterly cease, determine, and become void; any Thing herein-bd'ore contained to the contrary

thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it hereby enacted, That any Objection which might have been made to the said Invention

not being a new Invention, within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act of the twenty-first of James

the First, sufficient to invalidate Letters Patent, may be made in Bar to any Action brought by virtue or

in consequence of this Act.

V. Provided always, That it shall not be lawful for the aforesaid David Hartley, his Executors, Ad-

ministrators, or Assigns, to a(k, demand, or take, any greater Price than Sixpence by the Foot Square

for the Plates of Metal, mentioned in the above-recited Specification, commonly called Fire Plates, unless

the said Plates of Metal shall be made of Copper, or of any other Metal except Iron, or unless they shall

exceed in Weight ten Ounces avoirdupois to the Foot Square.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed,

and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and

other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. VII.

An Act for enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of

Great Britain, to grant Commissions to the Commanders of Private Ships and Vessels*

employed in Trade, or retained in his Majesty’s Service, to take and make Prize of all

such Ships and Vessels, and their Cargoes, as are therein mentioned, for a limited Time.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the last Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act to

prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, MafTachufet’s Bay, Rhode

4 Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the Three Loxver Counties on Delaware,

4 Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the pre-

sent Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in ihe fourteenth Tear of the

4 Reign of his present Majesty, 44 to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods,

44 Wares, arui Merchandize, at the Town and within the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of Mafjii-

44 chufet's Bay 5” and also two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for refraining the Trade and Com-

4 mtree of the Colonies in the said Acts refteftively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed

and authorised by his Majesty to grant Pardons, to ijj'ue Proclamations, in the Cafes, and for the Purposes

4 therein mentioned; it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That all Ships and Vdills of or belonging to

the Inhabitants of the Colonies therein mentioned, and all other Ships and Vessels which shall be found

4 trading in any Port or Place of the said Colonies, or going to trade, oncoming from trading, in any such

4 Port or Place, shall become forfeited to his Majesty, together‘with their Cargoes, Apparel, and Fur-

4 niture, as if the fam- were the Ships and Effects of open Enemies; and that the Flag Officers, Captains,

4 Commanders, and other Commissioned Officers in his Majesty’s Pay, and also the Seamen, Marines,

and Soldiers on board, shall have the foie Interest and Property of and in all and every such Ship, Vcttll,

4 Goods, and Merchandize which they shall seize and take (being first adjudged lawful Prize in any of his

Majesty’s Courts of Admiralty), to be divided in such Proportions, and after such Manner, as therein

4 prescribed: And whereas many Ships and Velills belonging to his Majesty’s loyal and weil-affcfted

4 Subjects have been armed and equipped by the Owners thereof for their own Security, against the rebtl-

4 lious and piratical Attacks of the Inhabitants of the aforesaid Colonies, and several Vessels belonging to,

and fitted out by, the Rebels, have been taken without any Commission from his Majesty, the Property

4 of which Ships, and their Cargoes, though forfeited to his Majesty, is not by Liw veiled in the Captors:

4 And whereas it is just and expedient to vest, under proper Regulations, the Property of all such Ships

and Vefills so taken in the Captors, and to provide some Encouragement* for the Defence of the Property

4 of his Majesty’s loyal Subjects, as well as for taking and destroying Ships fitted out in an hott le Manner

4 by the Inhabitants of the rebellious Colonies be it therefore enacted by the King’s meft Excellent

7 Majesty,

