A. D. xj7$. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. C» 51.* 353

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Bonds, so to be executed and indorsed, and delivered to

the said John Leman% John Newnham, and Edward Hawkins^ shall be numbered in arithmetical Progref-

fion ; and the fame shall or may be fold or disposed of; and the Holder or Holders of such Bonds respec-

tively may, on Nonpayment of the Annuities thereby secured, commence and prosecute any Action or

Actions upon any such Bonds, and recover thereupon from the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens;

and the Monies arising by virtue of the said Bonds shall, in the first Place, be applied in paying and de-

fraying the Cq(Is, Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act,

and afterwards towards defraying tha Expences of making the said Openings, and to or for no other Use,

Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Annuities shall, from Time to Time

(until the Whole shall be redeemed), be redeemable by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens,

either wholly or in Part, in such Order as they shall think proper, upon six Calendar Months Notice for

that Purpose to be first published in the London Gazette; at the Expiration of which Time the Proprietors

of such Annuity or Annuities shall (upon delivering up to the Chamberlain of the said City of London for

the Time being, at his Office in the Guildhall in the said City, the Bond or Bonds so given for the fame)

be entitled to receive from the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, the Sum of one hundred Pounds,

for, and in full Satisfaction and Redemption of, every four Pounds ten Shillings of such Annuities ; and

<very such Sum of four Pounds ten Shillings of such Annuity or Annuities, in respect whereof such Notice

shall be given, shall, from and after the End of the said six Calendar Months, cease, and be no longer

paid or payable, unless the same Sum of one hundred Pounds shall be demanded pursuant to such Notice,

and not paid ; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Fund created by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of

JCing William and Queen Mary; and by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of King George the Second,

and by the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, in Part further continued and augmented,

shall be, and the fame is hereby charged and made chargeable with the Annuities which shall be payable

Under or by virtue of this Act; subject nevertheless, and without Prejudice to the Payment of the lntcreft

on the Principal Debt remaining due to the said Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, and of the

Interest on the Principal Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds, by the said Act of the

seventh Year of his present Majesty charged upon the said Fund, and also the Annuities which are or shall

be payable in respect of the Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds directed to be borrowed and

raised upon the Credit thereof by the last-mentioned Act, according to the true Meaning of the fame Act;

and the fame Fund shall be, and is hereby charged and made chargeable with the Payment also to the said

Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of all such Sum and Sums of Money a? they shall advance and pay

in Redemption of the said Annuities, or any of them, in pursuance of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted. That the Person or Persons who shall expend and advance Money for

paying the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, shall be in titled to, and shall receive

Entered for the fame, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the Money so expended and

advanced shall be repaid, out of the said one thousand five hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act; and all

Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially

pleading the same.

CAP. LI.

An Act for applying the Sum of four thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Surpluses of a

certain Fund, commonly called The Orphans Fundy towards completing the paving of

the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of

Surrey.

Bonds to be

numbered, and

ir.ay be fold.

Application* of

the Money'

arising from

Sale thereof.

Annuities to be

redeemable by

the City on fix

Months Notice.

t

/

The Orphans

Fund charged

with the Pay-

ment of the

Annuities.

Persons ad-

vancing Money

to pay Expencei

of this A&, to

be allowed In-

terest for the

fame.

Public Act.

* \\T HEREAS an Act was passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Act

4 VV fir paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough 0/* South wark, and certain Parts ad-

* jacent; and for cltanfing, lightings and watching the fame; and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages,

4 adjoining thereto ; and for preventing Annoyances therein : And whereas an Act was made in the fifth and

4 sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Orphans

4 andtther Creditors of the City of London, whereby a Fund was established for the Purposes therein men-

€ tioned; which Fund, and the Receipts and Disbursements thereof, are under the Management and Di-

* rection of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London : And whereas by several Acts,

4 made in the twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, the seventh Year of his present Majesty, and this pre~

4 (ent Session of Parliament, or by some of them, the several Provisions for supporting the said Fund have

€ been continued and augmented, and several further Sums of Mdney charged thereon, for defraying the

* Expences of several public Works within the Cities of London and JTeJiminster, and elsewhere: And

4 whereas great Progress has been made in paving the said Town and Borough of Southwark, and Parrs

* adjacent; but the Commissioners for executing the Act have not been able to complete the lame, owing

4 to the Extent of the Works, and the Insufficiency of the Monies applicable thereto : And whereas it is

4 reasonable that the Sum of four .thousand Pounds, out of the Surpluses of the said Fund, should be ap-

4 plied towards the completing the paving of the said Town and Borough, and Parts adjacent :* May it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the Mayor and Commonalty

and Citizens of the City of London shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, yearly and every

Vol. XIII. Part II. L 1 Year,

Preamble.

R-ciral of

6 Geo. III.;

end A(\ 5 tr 5

Gol. & Mar.

' IUC V.OI

C.OO g

Cry of London

to pay A :inu-

itv ct i to I. to

the Comm if-

