A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 14.

181

further into Execution, than is hereinafter mentioned and provided, until the fame shall have been con-

firmed by Parliament.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to facilitate the

good Purposes of this Act, his Majesty may lawfully enable the said Commissioners, or any three of them,

from Time to Time, to order and proclaim a Ccfl’ation of Hostilities, on the Part cif his Majesty’s Forces,

by Sea or Land, for any Time, and under any Conditions or Restrictions ; and such Order and Procla-

mation to revoke and annul in the same Manner and Form.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by such Letters Pa-

tent as aforesaid, to authorise and empower the said Commissioners, or any three of them, by Proclama-

tion under their respective Hands and Seals, from Time to Time, to suspend the Operation and Effect of

a certain Act of Parliament, made and passed in the sixteenth Year of the K.eign of his present Majesty,

for prohibiting all Trade and Intercourse with certain Colonies and Plantations therein named, and for

Acts of Parliaments for regulating the Trade of the Colonies or Plantations, the said Sufpenuon shall

take Effect; and the said Sufpenuon and Proclamation, in the same Manner and Form, to annul and

revoke. '

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Ma-

jesty, by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, to authorise and empower the said Commissioners, or any three

of them, to suspend, in any Places, and for any Times during the Continuance of this Act, the Opera-

tion and Effect of any Act or Acts of Parliament which have passed since the tenth Day of February,

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and which relate to any of his Majesty* said Colonies, Pro-

vinces, or Plantations in North America, so far as the fame does relate to them; or the Operation and

Effect of'any Clause, or any Provision or Matter therein contained, so far as such Clauses, Provisions,

or Matters, relate to any of the said Colonies, Provinces, or Plantations.

VI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful for his Ma-

jesty, by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, to authorise and empower the said Commissioners, or any three

of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to grant a Pardon or Paidon* to any Number

or Description of Persons within the said Colonies, Provinces, or Plantations.

4 VII. And, that no Let or Hindrance may happen from the Vacancy of the Office of Governor and

c Commander in Chief in any of the said Colonies, Provinces, or Plantations respectively, or from the

4 Absence of such Officer from his Government,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, to authorise and empower

the said Commissioners, or any three of them, in any of the said Colonies, Provinces, or Plantations re-

spedhrcly, wherein his Majesty hath usually heretofore nominated and appointed a Governor, to nomi-

nate and appoint, from Time to Time, by any Inftmment under their Hands and Seals, a proper Person

to be the Governor and Commander in Chief in and for any such Colony, Province, or Plantation ; to

have, hold, and exercise the said Office of Governor and Commander in Chief in and for such Colony or

Plantation respectively, with all such Powers and Authorities as any Governor of such Province heretofore

appointed by his Majesty might or could have exercised, in as full and ample Manner and Form as if fueft

Governor and Commander m Chief had been nominated and appointed by his Majesty* Letters Patent qr

Commission; and for that Purpose, if need be, to revoke, annul, and make void, any Commiftton qr

Letters Patent heretofore granted for appointing any such Governor and Commander in Chief.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue to be in Force until the first Day of June$

cue thousand seven hundred and seventy*nine.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathine of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

called England^ for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March> one thousand seven hundred

and seventy-eight; and for filling up Vacancies in the Militia, in the Cafes therein mentioned.

44 Where the Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver-general of the County is to issue four Months Pay

44 in Advance, according to the Establishment of Pay here set down; with Half a Year*s Salary to the

44 Regimental and Battalion Clerks ; and the Allowances to the Clerks of the General and Subdivision

44 Meetings; and Pay for Cloathing of the Militia. Where Pay has not been issued, no Pay to be issued

44 till the Liord Lieutenant, or Deputies, shall have certified to the Treasury and Receivers-general the

44 Inrolment of Three-fifths of the Men and Officers. The Money is to be paid by the Receiver-general

44 to the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion (except the Allowances to the Clerks of the Meetings)*

44 -upon producing the Warrant of his Appointment; and for Independant Companies to the respective

44 Captains, or to their Order ; according to the Lfhblifbment laid down in the Militia Act of 2 Geo. III.

44 A second Payment is also to be made within three Months after the first, and a third within three

44 Months after the second. Receipts of the Persons to whom the Money shall be so paid to discharge the

44 Receivers-general. The Regimental and Battalion Clerks are to pay in Advance one Month’s Pay to

44 the Adjutant; and two Months Pay to each Captain for the Serjeants and Drummers; and for the

44 Serjeant-major and Drum-major t\vo Months Pay to be paid to the Commanding Ollicer of the Com-

44 pany to which they belong. Captains to distiibutethe Pay accordingly, and account for the fame yearly

44 to the Clerk, or Receiver-general if an lndepcndant Company, according to the Form specified in this

44 Act; and pay back the Surplus Monies in his Hands. On Discharge of Serjeants or Drummers as

44 unfit for Service, no Pay to be issued till others are appointed ; nor any Payment made to such as are

Vol.XIIL Part JI. B b 44 discharged

finally binding

until confirmed

by Parliament,

Commissioner*

may order a Cef-

lation of HofH-

litiea by Sea or

Land*

His Majesty nay

empower the

Commissioners

to suspend, by

Proclamation,

the Prohibitory

Act of 16

Goo, 111,;

or any other Act^

or Part of an

A&, relating to

America, passed

fiocc Fej. 10,

*7«j.

His Majesty may

empower the

Commissionert

to grant Para

dons i

and to appoint

Governors in

those Provinces,

Ac. wherein his

Majesty hath

ofually appoint*

cd them.

Coetlnnatcfi rf

tha Aftr

