^60 C. 38.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1780.

In case f.ffl-

cient Jury Hull

not appear upon

Return of the

Warrant. Com-

iri (Tinners rray

ad}»'utn thr !n-

«ju 0, and issue

their Warrant

for summoning

other Jurors in

Room of De-

faulters,

rommissioners,

after the Inquest

stall he taken,

jo$y adjourn^ &c.

Commissioneri

to gire Notice

previous to their

ref^ t&ive Meet-*

ingi.

flow they art to

proceed if Own-

ers make De-

fault in appear*

»AS*

Dn Payment of

thr Sutnsafleflei

by Jury* Sec.

Tru(te:a to be

deemed seised

of the PremHe*,

for the Use of

his Majesty,

Commissionert

to examine into

Complaints of

Owners of ad-

joining Lands,

dec. and to make

an Estimate of

the Damages

received.

How the Pro/ha

of Lands vested

in the Trustee|

Aall be applied.

Commissionert

*c\ Jivble ^Q tho

Tenaltiei men-

tioned in an A&

ofas Car. II.;

Or in x <3ul Sc

Mar. Cap. 8;

and 14 Gul.

III. Cap. 6 j

1 Gast* L Cap.

to impose a Fine upon each and every of the Jurors so impannelled, summoned, and returned, and (with-

out lawful Excuse, to be allowed of by the said Commissioners then fitting, or the major Part of them)

making Default, or refusing to be sworn, not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great

Britain-> which Fine and Fines, so to be imposed and set, the said Commissioners are hereby authorised

and required to eftfeat into his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, to be levied to the Use of his Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case a sufficient Jury shall not appear*

upon the Return of the said Warrant or Warrants to take the Inquest, it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to adjourn the said Inquest to any future Day*

not exceeding fourteen Days, nor less than four Days, from the Adjournment thereof, and to issue out

their Warrant or Warrants for impannelling, summoning, and returning an equal Number of Jurors to

those so making Default, who, together with the Jurors before returned by the Sheriffs of the respective

Counties upon such second Warrant or Warrants afterwards to be ifltied, or upon any future Warrant or

Warrants, Adjournment or Adjournments, which the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them,

are hereby authorised to issue and make from Time to Time, until a sufficient Jury can be had, shall inquire

as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, That twelve good and lawful Men shall be sufficient to take the Inquest aforesaid;

and that in case twetve or more, not exceeding twenty-three in the Whole, shall appear, and be sworn, to

take such Inquest, then and in such Cafe the said Commissioners shall continue and fit from Day to Day,

until the said Inquest shall be taken, and, after the Inquest shall be taken, may adjourn to some future

Day for making their Judgments and Decrees thereon.

VII. And, to the Intent that no Person or Persons may have any Cause or Pretence for not appearing

c to make out their Claims or Title to the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any rart or

1 Parcel thereof,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That five or more of the said Commifi-

sioners shall give Notice, in Writing, twenty-one Days at lead before their Meeting at each Place, which

Writing shall be affixed at the Gates of the respective Docks of Plymouth and Sheerness, and on the Door

of the respective Town-halls of Plymouth and Rochester, and on the respective Church Doors of the Pa-

fifties wherein the Town of Gravesend and Tilbury Fort are situate, and shall Jikewife be publiftied in the

London Gazette; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to appear, or, when he or they shall

appear, shall wilfully refuse to shew his or their Deeds or Writings relating to the Premises; that then the

said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and the Jurors to be impannelled and sworn upon /itch

Inquest, shall proceed, upon the best Information they can get or have, to make such Iriquest, Judgmerits,*

and Decrees, as before directed j and all such Judgments and Decrees, being entered and certified as afOTe-

said, shall be final and oonclusive.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately from and after the Time

that Payments shall be made of the Sum and Sums of Money so to be agreed for or assessed by the said

Jury, and decreed and adjudged by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to the Owners

and Proprietors of the said Lands, Tenements* and Hereditaments, herein-befOre mentioned* or to any

or either of them, the Trustees herein-before mentioned shall be deemed and adjudged to fluid seised of

such Part and Parcel of the said Premises as shall be so paid for, to and for the Use of his Majesty, hre

Heirs and Successors, forever, freed and discharged of and from all and all Manner of Right, Title,

Claim, and Demand whatsoever, that can or may be made by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or

Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, upon the Complaint of any Owner or Owners, Oc-

cupier or Occupiers, of any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, adjoining to any Part of the

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,' by this Act vested in the said Trustees, that'he, she, or they have

received any Damage by the erecting or completing of the said Fortificatioris and Intrcnchments, or of any

of the Works thereto belonging, to examine into and hear every such Complaint, and shall make an

Estimate of such Damage, and shall return such Estimate with, and in the Manner they are berem*before

directed to*return the aforesaid Judgments and Decrees.

t X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no private Building or Buildings shall be

made or eroded upon any of the Lands vested by this Act as aforesaid; and that the whole Profits arising,

or that shall hereafter arise, from the said Lands, be* and are hereby appropriated and applied for and to-

wards the E red toil* smd Reparation of the respective Fortifications and Intrehchments of each Phce, and

to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and ail and fingujarthe Premises shall be, and are hereby enacted

and declared to be, undienable from the Crown; neither shall any Part of the Premises b6 demised of

demifeable, otherwise than during Pleasure only. 1 '

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Commissioner, who shall be employed in the Exe-

cution of this Act, shall be liable, for or by reasonof such Execution, to any of the Penalties mentioned

in an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for

preventing Dangers which may happen from Topifty ReeufanU\ or in one other Act, made in the first Yeas

of the Reign of King IVilVtam and Queen Maty* imittffed, An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Sufrre*

macy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths 5 Or in one ot her" Ad, Made in the Parfirfm^nt bolderi in thd

thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of the late King IViUbam the Third, intituled, An Act for

abe better Security of his Majesty's Person, and We Successionof the Crown in the Protefldnt Line; and for ex tin-

guishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abet-

tors \ or in one other Act, made in the Parliament begun and holden in the fifft Year of the Reign of King

George the First, intituled, An Act for the better Security of his Majesty's-Person and Governments and the

Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protefttints j atfd for eMtingwjlirg the

Hopes of the pretended Prince of W ales, and hisoptrianll fecntAbitUrsJ. it; u;

' t XII. Provided^

