A.D. 1779- Anno decimo nono Georg 11 III.

C. 58.

431

of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and deter-

mine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a'summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party or

Parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Judgment of

the said Justices, in their faiu Quarter Sessions, shall be conclusive upon all the Parties, to all In.crus and

Purposes whatsoever.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained fh ill extend, or be construed

to extend, to repeal the said Act of Philip and Mary, so far as respecL any Arrears of Tithes, or Easter

Offerings, to the Vicar of Trinity, in the City of Coventry, that have become due or payable on or before

the passing of this Act.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself

aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Methjd of Relief

hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justi es of the Peace at any General Quarter

Session of the Peace to be holden for the said City and County of Coventry, within four Calendar Months

after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given,

ten Days Notice at least, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter

thereof, to the Party meant to be appealed against, and, within four Days after such Norice, entering into

Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said City and County of Coventry, with two suffi-

cient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of, and to pay such Cods as shall be

awarded by, the Justices at such Quarter Session ; and the Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such

Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally deter-

mine the causes and Matters of such Appeal, in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties ap-

Sealing, or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such

uftices at such Quarter Session shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against

any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty-one Days Notice shall be

thereof given to the said Assessors, or after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the

Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months after the Fast committed ; and every such Action

or Suit shall be laid or brought in the County or Place where the Matter shall arise, and not elsewhere;

and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit, shall or may, at his or their Election,

plead specially, or plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any

1 rial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act;

And if the fame shall appear to be so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought before twenty -

one Days Notice shall be thereof given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as

aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the fame as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other

County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or i/the Plaintiff

or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or De-

fendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrcrjudgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the fame as any

Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law.

XVIII. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to bq a Public

Act ; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whotnfo-

ever, without being specially pleaded. ,

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for preserving the Navigation of the River Lett, in the Counties Hertford, Effete,

and Middlesex.

whose Determi-

nation shall be

final.

Arrem of

Ty hes <v Faftef

O fierinps C ' be

paid to the Vi-

car.

Gf e*al Appeal

to th* Quartet-

Scifijns,

on giving 10

Day% Notice.

Limit atteti it

Adioni,

■General fflTtie.

Treble Code,

Pa bliAft.

improving the said River, from the said Town of Ware, to the New Cut or River made by the Mayor, Com-

monalty, and Citizens of Con don; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; the Governor and Com-

* pany of the New River, in Oonsideration of a Quantity of Water supplied out of the said River Lee^

4 for the Use of the said New River, are directed to pay to certain Trustees appointed in and by the said

1 Act, for the Care and Marlagement of the Navigation of the River Lee, two annual Sums of Money,

4 amounting together to the Sum of three hundred and Fifty Pounds, to be applied in preserving and im-

4 proving the Navigation of the said River Lee: And whereas, by an Act made in the seventh Year of the

4 Reign of his present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford

4 to toe River Thames ; and for extending the said Navigation to the Flood-gates belonging to the Town Mill,

4 in the said Town of Hertford ; certain Persons therein named, together with the Trustees appointed in or

4 by virtue of the said Act of the twelfth Year of his late Majesty, were appointed Trustees for putting

* the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty in Execution, and divers Powers and Authorities

4 are given and granted to the said Trustees, for making, extending, improving, and maintaining the said

4 Navigation, and for making and maintaining certain new Cuts or Canals to communicate with the said

* River Lee; and by the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, the said annual Sum of three

4 hundred and fifty Pounds is vested in the said Trustees, together with certain Rates and Duties thereby

4 granted, for the Purposes of the said Acts ; and the said Navigation bath been completed for several Years,

4 and is found beneficial to the Public; And whereas the said 1 ruftees have charged the Rates or Duties

K k k z 4 and

Preamble.

Recital of an Act

11 Gey, 11,

ani 7 Gad, ITT.

