A.D. 1778, Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. C. 15. 18$

Customs and Excise to which such Goods are liable; and upon Admission of any such Goods into such Duties to be paid

Warehouses, there shall be paid by the Captors, or their Agents, the following Duties only, which shall when lhf

not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upoil the Exportation of the fame Goods; that is to say. For all arc wwc ou

such Goods (except Wines and Vinegar, and such Goods as are herein-after enumerated) taken^ as afore,-

said, by any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, the Half of the Old Subsidy, granted by the Act of Tonnage

and Poundage, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second;* and the Whole of

the further Subsidy of Poundage, granted by an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty Kihg George the Second, being what is commonly called The Subsidy One thoufandjeven hundred

and forty fieven; and for the like Goods, if taken by any private or other Ship having Commission as afore-

said, the Half of the Old Subsidy, and no more j which Duties shall be collected, paid, and applied, in

the same Manner, and to the fame Purposes, whereunto they are by Law appropriated, subject nevertheless

to the customary and legal Difcbunts and Abatements, and Allowances for Damage: And for every Ton

of such Wine and Vinegar, taken as aforesaid, either by Kis Majesty’s Ships of War, or Ships having

Commissions as aforesaid, the Sum of three Pounds, and so after the fame Rate for any greater or lesser t

Quantity, to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, as Parc of the Duties arising by an Act,

passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act

for granting to his Majesty fieveral additional Duties upon all IVines imported into Great Britain; and for raifiing

a certain Sum of Money by Annuities, and q Lottery, in Manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said

additional Duties). " ‘

IT. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Half of the Qld Subsidy, granted by Duties on cer.

the said Act of the twelfth of Charles the Second, and the Whole of the further Subsidy of Poundage,

granted by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, which is directed by

this Act to be paid for such Prize Goods taken by his Majesty’s Ships of War; and the Half of the Old

Subsidy, granted by the said Act of the twelfth of Charles tht Second, which is directed by this Act to be *'

paid for such Prize Goods taken by private or other Ships having Commissions as aforesaid, shall be payable

ad valorem, and nootherwise, upon the Oath of the Captors, or their Agents, upon the following Goods; *, ,

that is to say. Upon all Sorts of Woollen, Worsted, Thread, Cotton, Linen, and Silk Manufactures,

Medicinal Drugs, and Hats, Handkerchiefs, Checks, Knives, Nails, and all Kind of Hard-ware, not-

withstanding the fame may hare been rated in the Book of Rates of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King

Charles the Second, or the Additional Book of Rates of the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

jesty King George the First; and that the said Duties ad valorem respectively, on the Goods before enu-

merated, shall be levied and collected by the same Rules and Regulations, and under the fame Penalties >« .. ,

and Forfeitures, as arc directed and prescribed in or by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force with

respect to any Goods paying Duty ad valorem.

III. Provided always. That no Duties or Customs whatsoever shall be demanded or taken for any Prize CertainCoot*

Goods, confiding of any Military or Ship Stores, or any Goods which, by any Law now in Force, may J*®*liab,e toanf

be imported into this Kingdom Duty-free; any Thing in this or any other Act contained to the contrary Dutjr*

notwithstanding.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Prize Goods which shall be' Cocxii in

received into any Warehouse in pursuance of this Act, or which are now remairiing in any Warehouse io ar,y Warehaufc*

this Kingdom, where they have been secured under the King’s Locks, by the Permission of the Commis- ”aaf°onfip’v.

sioners of the Customs, shall and may, upon Payment of the respective Duties before directed by this Aftr of th?be-

be exported at any Time directly from them, either by the Captors or their Agents, or by any other Person fore mfntionei

or Persons, without paying any further Duty of Customs or Excise for the fame; the Person or Persons Datie*, be ex-

exporting the fame giving sufficient Security,* in double the Value of the Goods, before the Delivery

thereof out of the Warehouse, that the fame shall be really and truly exported, and not brought back [it

again, or relanded, in any Part of Great Britain, or the Islands.of Guemfiey, ‘Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or 11

Alan, or the lilands of Faro or Ferro; which Security the Customer or Collector of the Port from whence'

she fame are intended to be exported, is hereby required and authorised to take in his Majesty’s Name, and

to his Majesty’s Use.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods Proviso, rdatng

{hall be taken out of any Warehouse wherein they are secured as aforesaid, to be consumed in this King- to Coo^tikea

dom, the Person or Persons so taking out the fame shall first pay up the Remainder of the Duties which hourc[for H^me

would have been due and payable to his Majesty thereon, if the fame had been regularly imported by Way consumption!”

of Merchandise into this Kingdom; and such Goods shall, in all other Respects, be liable to the fame

Restrictions and Regulations to which they would have been subject if this Act had not been made.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge Unmerchaot-

any Wine with the before-mentioned Duty of three Pounds per Ton, which shall, at the Time of land* able wm«n*t

ing the fame, be damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, and which shall be given up by the Cnprors, of 1‘able to Duty,

their Agents, to the Officers of the Customs, to be publickly fold, in order to he dill illed into Brandy, or

to be made into Vinegar, in the Manner directed by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of hir

late Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act for the Improvement efi Us Majesty s Revenues 0/

Vujloms, Excise, and Inland Duties)*

£ b i

CAP.

