A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C. 29, 30. 359

4 Places from whence such Ships do come be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, The said Act

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the fifth Day of Aprils one ^«tnHomutiPeT*

thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and during the present Hostilities with France, but no longer, with France) to

the said recited A d of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second shall not extend, or be prevent the im-

construed to extend, to hinder or prevent any Person or Persons whatsoever from importing into the King- potation of cer-

dom of Great Britain or Ireland, any of the said Goods or Merchandizes herein-before mentioned and

expressed, in Shipping built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Iflsnds of Guernsey% Jersey, or Man% or in theploperty of

any of the Lands, Blands, Dominions, and Territories, to his Majesty, in Africa, Asia, or America, or in Foreigners, pro-

his Possession, so as the Matter, and three-fourths of the Mariners at least, belonging to and navigating tided they are

any such Ship or Vessel, are British, or of the fame Country or Place of which the said Goods are the BritiAor Iri&

Growth, Production, and Manufacture^ respectively, and not otherwise. Gwd»*mported

II. Provided always. That all such Goods and Merchandizes so imported into Great Britain or Ireland, jn fuc|, 5^

in Ships belonging to, and the Property of, Foreigners, although British-built, shall be liable to Aliens liable to Aliens

and all other Duties, in the same Manner as if such Ships were Foreign-built. Duties.

4 III. And whereas several Ships or Vessels British built, which are the Property of Foreigners, and ?whnc/Jof

4 navigated with foreign Mariners, have arrived in this Kingdom since the present Hostilities with France, J^ich hate al-

c laden with some of the Goods and Merchandizes mentioned and exorefled in the before-recifed Ad of ready arrived "

the twelfth Year of the Reien of King Charles the Second, and the Owners of such Goods are prevented since the present

from entering the fame, and some have been seized, with the Vessels importing such Goods, on account Hostilities with,

of their being liable to the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by the said Act: And whereas it is reason- Fr.ance* Aalire-

4 able that the Owners of such Ships or Vessels and Goods should receive the Benefit intended by this fiVof ihis a^!"

4 Adtbe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owners

of such Goods so imported, to enter and pay the Aliens and other Duties due and payable for the said

Goods, without incurring any Penalties or Forfeitures whatsoever, for or by reason of the said recited Act ;

and that the said Goods so entered or to be entered, and the said Ships or Vessels in which they were im-

ported, shall be released and discharged from any Seizure or Forfeiture on account of such Importation,

any Thing in the said recited Act, or any Ad, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Port of Cowes in the yie of

fVigbt, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as Corn,

Grain, and Flour, are allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made

in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An ASt to regulate the bn*

portation and Exportation of Com.

4 TIJ HEREAS by an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn; it is enacted, That in case any Wheat

4 or Wheat-flour, Rye, Pease, Beans, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or Oats, shall be imported into any or either

4 of the Porta in the said Act particularly mentioned, at any Time when the Duties not repealed by the

4 said Act shall be due and payable for such Species of Corn, Grain, or Flour respectively, the fame, upon

4 due Entry thereof, may be forthwith landed from on board the Ship or Vessel, in which such Species of

4 Corn, Grain, or Flour, shall be so, imported, in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the

4 Customs, without Payment of the said Duties, under certain Restrictions and Regulations in the said Act

4 mentioned and prescribed: And whereas it is expedient that Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the

4 Port of Cotvesy at any Time when the Duties not repealed by the said Act shall be due and payable for such

4 Species of Corn, Grain, or Flour, respectively, should, in like Manner, be landed without Payment of

the said Duties May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That in case any

Wheat or Wheat-flour, Rye, Pease, Beans, Barley, Beer, Bigg, or Oats, shall be imported into the

laid Port of Cowes, at any Time when the Duties not repealed by the said Act shall be due and payable for

such Species of Corn and Grain, or Flour, respectively, the fame, upon due Entry thereof, may be forth*

with landed from on board the Ship or Velfe! in which such Species of Corn, Grain, or Flour, shall be

fb imported, in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, without Payment of the

laid Duties; and such Corn, Grain, and Flour, shall be subject and liable to be warehouusd, and to be

delivered in the same Manner, and under and subject to the like Securities, Conditions, Regulations, and

Restrictions, as Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into any or either of the several Ports mentioned in

the said Act are subject and liable to, as fully and eflfedually> to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said

Port of Cowes had been included in the said Act 5 any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof ill

airy-wife notwithstanding.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the Hundred of

Cosford (except the Parish of Hadleigh), and also of the Parish of Poljledy within the Hundred of Bahergh%

in the County of Suffolk. 't t

w

A a a a CAP.

Preamble.

Recitsl of the

Cora A & ij

Geo. III.

Wheat, Wheat-

Hoar, 8cc. may

be imported at

Cowea Duty-

free, subject to

the Regulation!

contained in the

abote-recited

Ad.

