268

Gaol, tf.d

» Section ihf.rc

for Discharge 0/

i’l'ifoueis.

Th* Justice* for

fhp L'iftridt of

Holland in Lin-

colndiire, may

adjourn to the

County .Gaol,

&c. for dif-

charging Pri-

foners.

Justices for the

County of Sur-

rey may afiem-

tle at the

Town-hall of

Southwark for

admiaiftering

Oaths, &c«

Justices of Con-

don, Middlesex,

and Surrey, to

assemble their

respectire Court*

foradm ini ftering

Oath*, &c,

and to give

thirty Days No-

tice of fitting to

discharge Pri-

ioners.

Prisoners who

are kept in

Custody for Pay-

ment of Fee*,

lee, to be dif-

ebarged.

This Act not to

extend to Debt-

ors to the

Crown j

nor to Prisoners

who owe mere

than icco 1. to

one Person, un-

less such Crc.

ditor consent.

Exception.

Crrditnrs of-

per.ng Prisoner’*

l.'il charge, to al-

low him 3 s. 6d,

per Vvcck;

C. 52. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III, A. D. 1778.

other County or Counties where the Prisons are at a Distance from the Place where the Sessions are held),

at the Common or County Gaol thereof respectively, or at some convenient Place near thereto, and they

are hereby required to assemble and meet, and to hold Section, there, by Adjournment from their respec-

tiv'e Quarter Section, from Time to Time, for the Discharge of the respeflive Prisoners therein, according

to the Powers, Limitations, and Dire£lions of this Act.

4 LI. And whereas the Division or DistricEl of Holland in the said County of Lincoln* is distant near

4 forty Miles from the said County Gaol, and it is highly inconvenient and expensive for the Justices of

4 the Peace aefting for the said Division, to be obliged to travel to the said Gaol, for the sole Purpose of

4 discharging the Prisoners under the Powers by this A& given ;* be it therefore enacted, That, for the

several Purposes afore said, the Justices for the said Division or DistridI of Holland may adjourn their ori-

ginal Sessions to the County Gaol, or some Place near thereunto; and that it may 2nd shall be lawful for

any two Justices of the Peace, adlipg either for the Parts of Lindsey% Kcjhvcn, or Holland, to hold such

adjourned Sessions for the sole Purpose of discharging such Prisoners ; Notice of the Adjournment of such

original Section being given by the Clerk of Sessions to such Justices, and who shall attend there to register

the Proceedings of the said Court, so far as the fame relate to or afFcdl the Discharge of any Prisoner de-

tained for Debt in the Division of Holland, and claiming the Benefit of this Act.

4 LII. And whereas the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Surrey, which

4 shall happen after the passing of this Act, may be in the Country, and upwards of twenty Miles from

4 any of the said Prison^;' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be

lawful for such Justices as shall be assembled at the General Quarter Section of the Peace to be holden for

the County of Surrey, next after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn

the said Section to the Town-hall in the Borough of Southwark, for the Purpose of administering the Oaths

required to be taken and subscribed by this Act, by the several Gaolers within the said County wherein

any Prisoner or Prisoners are confined, and to the discharging such respective Prisoner or Prisoners con-

fined therein, according to the Powers, Limitations, and Directions of this Adi/

4 LIIL And whereas the next General Quarter Section of the Peace for the City of London, ard Ge-

4 neral Quarter Sections for the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, will aot be held until the Middle of

4 July, which will be the Means of detaining in Prison a Number of Persons who, with their Families,

4 are in the greatest Distrefsbe it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful

for any two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the City of London and the Counties of Surrey and

Middlesex, to assemble their respective Courts as soon as may be after passing this Act, for the Purpose of

administering the Oaths, and other the Matters required by this Act, and to appoint such Day or Days

for the Discharge of Prisoners as they shall fee proper; and every Person or Persons so cleared at such

Meeting as aforesaid, shall receive all the Benefits accruing to him by this Act, in the same Manner as if

such Business had been done at any General Quarter Section, or General Section of the Peace, or Adjourn-

ment thereof; any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwith flan ding; and such Justices are hereby re-

quired to cause to be inserted in the London Gazette, Notice of the Day or Days on which they will fit,

for the Discharge of such Prisoners, and other the Purposes directed by this Act (which Notice shall be

inferred in the London Gazette thirty Days previous to such Time).

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Debtors and others, who were in

Prison on or before the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

eight, or since, in any of the Gaols of this Kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their Fees,

Rents, or other Demands due, or claimed as due, to the Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison respectively, or

to any other Officer of such Prison, and upon no other Account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, (he,

or they, taking the Oath by this Act required to be taken by Prisoners.

LV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this Act shall

not extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge any Person out of Prison, seeking his or her Discharge

under this Act, with respect to any Debt or Penalty with which he or she shall stand charged at the Suit

of the Crown, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other Public Officer, upon any Bail Bond entered into for

the Appearance of any Person prosecuted for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parlia-

ment relative to his Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, Excise, or Sdlt Duties, or either of them.

LVI. Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to discharge any Person out of Prison, feeicing his

or her Discharge under this Act, who shall be charged in Custody by any Body Politic or Corporate, or

by any one Person, on or before the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy eight, in any Sum exceeding the Sum of one thousand Pounds, befiJes Interest and Colls, and

whose Discharge shall be in Court opposed by such Body Politic or Corporate, or one Person; (except

such Person or Persons who shall have been bound in Security for any other Person or Persons to a larger

Amount, and it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of the Court, that such Person or Persons so bound, or

giving, or joining in, such Security, hath or have not received, or applied to his, her, or their own pro-

per and separate Use or Benefit, any Part of the Sum or Sums of Money so due and owing as aforesaid;

and also except such Person or Persons who now is or are, and was Or were, Prisoner or Prisoners in the

actual Custody of any Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison in this Kingdom respectively, at the Time of

passing the late Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and who was or wdre deprived taking or receiving the

Benefit of the said Act, arising from their Debt or Debts to any one Creditor exceeding the Sum of one

thousand Pounds as aforesaid ; provided such Debt or Debts due to any one Creditor do not exceed the

Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds, besides Interest and Costs) : And if any such Body Politic or

Corporate, Creditor or Creditors, to whom a Sum exceeding one thousand Pounds shall be owing, shall

oppole the Discharge of such Prisoner (except as aforesaid), and shall infill that such Prisoner be continued

in Gaol; that then, and in such Cafe, such Body Politic or Corporate, or Creditor or Creditors, of-

posing the said Prisoner’s Discharge as aforesaid, shall, at his, her, or their proper Costs and Charges,

2 allow

