6l2

C. 66.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

If Defendant, in

any Summon*,

4)oet not enter

A ppcinocC|

Plaintiff may do

it, and proceed

thereon.

Penalty on Jury-

men for Non*

appearance.

Ho Plaint*, dec.

gull be removed

from the Court;

(eicept Plaints

in Replevin.)

Public Act*

A.D. iy8o<

4 whereas very extensive Trades and Manufodures arc carried on by Persons redding or dealfog within the

4 Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley% Gutfeley% Cahirley, Bat ley ^ Birjlal, Mirfeld, Hartijhtal

4 ram Clfton, Aimondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton% and Huddersfield, and the Lordfh ip or Liberty of Ton^

4 in the Weft Riding of the County of 2V£, many of whom frequently contract Debts of forty Shillings

4 and upwards, to the Amount of five Pounds, making in the Whole a large Sum of Money yearly:

4 And whereas the said Parish of Khhley is situate within the said Manor : And whereas, notwithstanding

4 Justice hath been from Time to Time administered in the said Court Baron in the most impartial Manner,

4 yet the Method of com pell in g Debtors to appear to Actions commenced in the said Court Baron, and

4 of bringing such Adionsto Blue and Trial, and the Method of compelling Persons to attend as Jury-

4 men on such Trials, are very dilatory, and often ineftedual for those respective Purposes, and by Reafoa

4 thereof, and of the Expence attending the Prosecution of causes to Judgment in the said Court Baron,

4 many honest Creditors are often discouraged from attempting to recover just Debts, and thereby many

4 evil disposed Persons, who have contracted small Debts within the said Manor, 'often refuse Payment

4 thereof, and set their Creditors at Defiance: And whereas the regulating the Pradic$ and Proceedings

4 of the said Court Baron, and extending the Jurisdiction thereof to hold Pleas for Debts and Damages,

4 within the Jurisdiction of the said Court Baron, not exceeding five Pounds, would much contribute to

4 promote Industry, support and encourage useful Credit, and be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants, ;

4 and others, living or trading within the Jurisdiction of the said Court Baron:’ Be it therefore enacted,

That, from and after the passing of this Act, k shall and may be lawful to and for the said Cours Baron

of the Manor of Kighley, within the Jurisdiction thereof, and the Steward and Deputy Stewards thereof,

to proceed and bold Plea, not only m any Plaint, Suit, or Action, for any Debt or Damages not exceeding

forty Shillings, but also in any Plaint, Suit, or Action, for any Debt or Damages not exceeding the

Sum of five rounds, which hath accrued, or shall hereafter arise or accrue, within the Jurisdiction of

the said Court, and to proceed to Judgment* Trial, Verdict, final Judgment, and Execution, in every

such Plaint, Suit, or Action, in the fame or The like Manner as they have heretofore done in any Plaint,

Suit, or Action, for any Debt or Damages not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, with full Power of

awarding Costs to either Party, and proceeding for the Recovery thereof as well as for the said Damages,

and of exercifuig all such other Liberties and Privileges whatsoever, a a they have heretofore done in any

Plaint, Suit, or Action, for Debt or Damages in the said Court, notwithstanding any Thing herein con-

tained to the contrary. i

XLI. And be it further enacted. That if the Defendant or Defendants in any Summons, or Preempt I

in Nature thereof, issued from the said Court Baron, or by the Steward or Deputy Steward thereof, shall 1

not (having been served therewith as hereinafter mentioned) appear at the Return thereof, or within one

Hour after calling or opening the Court held next after issuing such Summons or Precept, then and in fitch

Cafe it shall be lawful for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein (Proof being made on Oath in open Court,

that stich Summons or Precept hath been duly executed, by Delivery of a Copy thereof to the Defendant

or Defendants, or leaving the fame at his, her, or their Dwelling-house or Housea, five Days at the least

before the Return thereof) to enter a common Appearance for such Defendant or Defendants, and to pro-

ceed thereon as if such Defendant or Defendants had entered his, her, or their Appearance in pursuance \

of such Summons or Precept, notwithstanding any Law, Usage, or Practice to the contrary. 1

XLII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every rerfon duly im-

pannelled and fommoned to serve upon any Jury in the said Court Baron, who shall not appear and ferye J

on such Jury (after being three Times called, and Proof being made on Oath that the Person so making

Default hath been duly summoned), shall forfeit and pay, for every such Default, such Fine, not exceeding

the Sum of five Pounds, as the Steward, or other Officer holding the said Court, shall from Time to

Time think reasonable to impose or set, unless just Cause for such Defaulter’s Absence shall be made appear

to the Satisfaction of such Steward, or other Officer of the said Court; which said Fine or Fines, if not

paid on Demand thereof, shall, together with the Costs of levying thereof, be recovered by Distress and

Sale of such Defaulter’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Steward or

Deputy Steward of the said Court Baron, and (nail be applied as other Fines of the said Court have beta

heretofore payable or applicable.

XLIIL And be it further evaded. That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Plaint, Suit, of

Action, to be entered or commenced in the said Court Baron for any Debt or Damages under five Pound*

arising within the said Manor, or any Judgment or other Proceedings to be had thereupon, (hill be re*

moved or removeable by any Writ of Recordarifacias Loquelam, Certiorari, false Judgment, or otherwise

howsoever; but such Judgments in the said Court Baron shall be final and conclusive to all Inteati and ,

Purposes whatsoever.

XLIV. Provided nevertheless, that all Plaints in Replevin shall be had and proceeded in, and retomreiMe,

in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made. ,

XLV. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be* public i

'Ad; and be judicially taken Notice of as such,. by all Judges, Justices, and other Petfon* whomsoever, 1

without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Hamlet of Mile-end New Town* in the "l

Parish of Stepney, in the County of middle]ex; for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets,

and other open Passages and Places, within the said Hamlet, and removing Nuisances and Aontytneet J

therefrom, and preventing the like for the future ; for consolidating the Highway Rates with other Rates i

within the said Hamlet; and for paving and regulating Great Garden Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary J

Matfellon otherwise Whitechapel, in the said County, and removing a Bar now Handing across theiame, j

and other Nui&nces and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future* \

AN

e

GoogI

