39 2

on Prralty of

forfeiting such

Hen p, and

double the value

thereof.

In case of Dif-

pute whether

the Hemp be

the Pioduce of

Irel«n*f, the

Onus probandi

to lie on the

Owner.

Penalty on im-

porting foreign

Hemp as Iiiih

Hemp, and de-

manding p P e-

mium lor the

fame.

Preamble,

Martinmas

Term, in the

Court of Ex-

chequer in Scot-

land, to begin

Nov. *4, and

end Dec. to;

and Candlemas

Term to begin

Jan. 15, and

cjrffcb. 3.

Preamble;

After July 5,

1*79, no Per-

fbn, within the

Limits of the

Fxcise Office in

London, shall

Snake Entry of

any Wcrkhouse

for making

Starch, un'efi (

he rtjill occupy

a Tenement of

jo I. a Tear,

aid pay Panih

Rates j

and no Perf n,

in ar.y other

Pa t of the

Kingdom, shall

ir.&ke such En-

try, mile's he

fb.ali pay o

Church and

Poor.

R-c'tal cf an

Act jo Anns.

C. 3#—40. Anna fcinib n,ottof Georgii Til. A.D.

\ -

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforeftfid, That if any Person or Persons, their Agents

oV Ash^ns, shall be found fraudulently to export such Hemp without paying such Premium to the Collec-

for or chief Officer of the Customs'in Manner aforesaid, fitch Person or Persons shall forfeit and lose all1

ftjch Hemp, and double the Value rhereof; one Moiety whereof (Hall1 be to the Use of his Majesty, his*

JHfirs and Succdfors, and the other Moiety to the Informer or Pfofceutor, to' be prosecuted in any of his,

Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westmnftery of in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively, wherein

no EiToin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than cme Imparlance, shall be allowed. '

IX. Provided always. That if any Doubt Or Dispute shall arise whether the Hemp, or any Part thereof,

so to be exported, is of the Growth, ProduT, or ManufaTure of Ireland> or of foreign Growth, Product, or,

Manufacture, the Onus probandi shall lie on the Owner or Claimer thereof^ and not on the Informer or

Prosecutor; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Matter or Owner of any Ship or,

Vessel shall clandestinely import or receive in such Ship or Vessel, to be imported into Great Britain, any

Hemp, knowing the fame to be foreign Hemp* and shall demand or receive for any such foreign Hemp the

Reward or Premium hereby granted, such Matter or Owner shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds,

to be sued for and recovered in Manner as aforesaid; and the Ship or Vessel in which such foreign Hemp

shall be so fraudulently imported, with all her Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be forfeited

to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for altering the Times of holding the Martinmas and Candlemas Terms in the Court

of Exchequer in Scotland.

4 T T J FI EREAS the Terms of Martinmas and Candlemas, as they are at present kept, for the fitting

of the Courrof Exchequer in Scotland, have been found inconvenient: And whereas it would

be more convenient for the Subjects of Scotland that the said Terms were altered \ be it therefore

enabled by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, ill this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That Martinmas Term, for the said Court of Exchequer, shall, at all Times hereafter, begin on the

twenty- fourth Day of November, and end upon the twentieth Day of December and that Candlemas Term,

for the said Court, shall, at ail Times hereafter, begin bn' the fifteenth Day of January, and end on the

third Day of February, except any of the said Days, upon which tire said Terms are appointed to begin or

end, shall happen to be a Sunday, in which Cafe the Beginning or Ending of such Term in which that

happens shall be upon the Day following.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Town and trough of Burton upon Trent, in the

County of Stafford \ and for removing and preventing Obstrudlions find Annoyances therein.

CAP. XL.

An Act for better securing the Duties on Starch.

c T T JH EREAS, notwithstanding the many Laws made for securing the Revenues on Starch, ant! for

prOtedling the fair Trader, many gross Frauds are daily practised by evil-minded and indigent

4 Persons, who are encouraged in such Practices, not only from the great Length of Time allowed by those

4 Laws for the Payment of the Duties on Starch, but also for want of some further Regulations in the

4 Manner of carrying on the Starch-making Business; for Remedy whereof,’ be it enaTed by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after

the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, no Person or Persons whatsoever, re-

siding within the Limits of the Head Office of Excise in London, shall be permitted to make Entry of

any Workhouse or Place for the making of Starch, as required by the Statutes in that Cafe already made

aind provided, unless such Per son er Persons shall occupy a Tenement or Tenements of the yearly Value of

ten Pounds, or upwards, and for which he, she, or they'shall accordingly be a fie fled in thir own Name,

and shall also pay to the Parish Rates; and that no Person or Persons whatsoever, residing in any other Part

of the Kingdom where there are Rates to Church and Poor, shall be permitted to make any such Entry,

unless such Person or Persons shall be assessed and pay to Church and Poor, in the several Parishes and

Places in which they shall respeTively reside; and that no Entry of any Workhouse or Place for making of

Stanch, already made or hereafter to be made as required by the Statutes in that Cafe made and provided,

shall be of any Avail to any Person or Persons not so qualified, or for any longer Time than the Person or

Persons so making Entry shall be qualified as aforesaid; and every Person making Starch, and not qualified

as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding any Entry by him or them made, be deemed and taken 10 be Pei suns

making Starch without Entry, and shall be subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as Persons making

Starch without Entry arc, by the Statutes in such Cafe made and provided, now subject unto.

II. And whereas, by an AT passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anns

4 (intituled, /in Ait f>r laying additional Duties on Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, and new Duties

4 on Starch, Cffce, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver lVirey and Policies of Injur ance, to feettre a yearly Fund for

4 Satisfaction

