C. 5 3. Anno decimo feptimo Ge o roi i III* A. D. 1777.

4 Reverend Clerk, the present Incumbent of the Redtory, Vicarage, &c. of

4 s within the said Diocese, and the kepresenta-

€ lives of the last Incumbent (in case of his Death) or the said - (in case of his*

4 Resignation or Promotion) concerning the due Proportion to be paid by each of the said Parties, of the

4 Principal and Interest which accrued due within the Year in which such Death or Avoidance happened,

• according to the Direction and true Intent and Meaning of the said Act; and having heard and duly con-

4 fidered the said Matters so referred to me as afore said, do award, adjudge, and determine. That the said

4 shall pay, in respect of the Interest and Principal which became due within

4 the Year aforesaid, the Sum of and that the said

4 {hall pay, in respect of the fame, the Sum of being the Remainder thertof,

4 according to the Provision and Direction of the said A ft. Given under my Hand, this

4 Day of

APPOINTMENT of the NOMINEE (to be wrote on Parchment):

U7 E whose Names are subscribed, being the Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, of the Redory, Vi-

VV carage, idc. of within the County of and Diocese of the

Bishop of do hereby nominate and appoint of

to receive the Money authorized to be raised by an Act, passed in the

seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled. An Act to promote the

Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more Jfeedy and effectual building, rebuilding,

repairing, or purchasing Houjes, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the life of their Benefices.

for the rurpose of building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing, theParfonage House, <bV. (as the Cafe*

shall be) to the said Redtory, Vicarage, tltc. belonging, and to pay and apply the fame, and to enter into

Contrails with proper Persons for such Buildings or Repairs, and to inspect and take Care of the Execu-

tion of such Contrails, and to take such Receipts and Vouchers, keep such Accounts, and do and per-

form all such other Matters and Things, which Nominees are authorized and required to do and perform

in and by the find Act, the said having given Security for<he due Application

thereof, according to the Direction of the said Act. Given under our Hands, this

Day of

FORM of ORDER of the Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, for laying out or applying the Surplus Money.

4 \\T E whose Names are subscribed, being the Ordinary, Patron, and Incumbent, of the Redtory,

4 ▼ V Vicarage, iAc. of in the County of and Diocese of

4 the Bishop of do hereby order. That the Sum of now re-,

4 maining in the Hands of ^ the Person nominated and appointed to receive and apply

4 the Money raised for building, repairing, ZAc. theParfonage House, ZAc. belonging to the said Redory,

4 Vicarage, ZAc. under the Act of Parliament, passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty

4 King George the Third, intituled. An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Pro

4 vision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairingy or purchasing Houjes, and other necefr

4 fary Buildings and Tenements, for the XJfe of their Benefices, {hall be [paid to , being

4 the Person entitled to receive the Money now remaining due on the Mortgage made of the Glebe Lands,

« Tythes, and other Profits and Emoluments of the said Living, apd applied in Part of Payment thereof.

4 pursuant to the Direction of the said Act] or [applied in building or repairing, ZAc. (describing the fame)

t upon the Glebe belonging to the said Living. ] Given under our Hands, this

< Day of

FORM ^CERTIFICATE from the two Clergymen.

4 \\T E, the Reverend A. B. of in the County of # Clerk,

4 and C. D. of Clerk, being two Clergymen within the Diocese of the Bishop

* of do hereby certify to the said Bishop, pursuant to the Directions and

4 InstrudBons sent by him to us, That we have made Enquiry into the State and Condition of the Build-

4 ings upon the Glebe belonging to the Redory, Vicarage, ZAc. of within the said

* Diocese, at the Time the Reverend Clerk, the present Incumbent thereof,

* entered upon the said Living, which was in or about the Year of our Lord

4 and do find [That the fame have been kept in due and common Repair, without any wil-

4 ful Neglect, (if the Cafe is so)] or [That the fame have, by wilful Negligence, been suffered to go to

4 Decay, and that they have liiftained Damage, from a Want of common and ordinary Repair, to the

4 Amount of Pounds] and we have also enquired into the Money received by the said

4 for Dilapidations, from the Rcprelentatives of the former Incumbent, and do

/ 4 find. That he hath received the Sum of for such Dilapidations; and [that he

4 hath expended the Whole, or thereof (as the Cafe may be) in the necessary Repairs of the

4 BuildingsJ or [that the fame hath not been laid out or expended in repairing the Buildings] upon the

4 Glebe belonging to the said Living* Given under our Hands, this Day of

FORM

