A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. C. 21. 519

shall be reasonable and necessary for the building and repairing Houses and other Works, and except such

Rubbish as shall be necessarily occasioned by such Buildings or Repairs, so as the Owner of such Build-

ings and Scaffoldings do put up a Light upon or near such Rubbish or other Things that shall lie in the

said Streets, Lanes, or Passages, during the Night-time), it {hall and may be lawful for the said Com-

missioners, or any (even or more of them, either at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, or at

any Meeting to be held upon Complaint made of any such Annoyance, Nuisance, or Obstrudtion, tocaufc

the fame to be altered or regulated, removed, taken, and carried away, and deposited in such Place or

Places as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall direct and appoint, there to remain

until the Person who shall have occasioned any such Annoyance, Nuisance, or Obstruction, {hall have paid

and discharged all Costs, Charges, and Expences, attending the carrying away and depositing the fame

as aforesaid, as also the Sum of ten Shillings for such Offence.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any seven For appointing 1

or more of them, shall and may appoint a Peace Officer, or any other Person, to take and remove any proper Person to

Benches, Stalls, or other Nuisances, that shall be put or placed on or over any of the said Footways at jemoveNtti-

any Time, and also to take such Person or Persons who shall put and place such Nuisances as aforesaid *ncc,#

before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City, who is and are hereby required to examine

such Person or Persons, and upon being convicted of the said Offence such Person or Persons shall forfeit

and pay the Sum of ten Shillings.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, from and To prevent An-

after the passing of this Act, shall wilfully or negligently drive or wheel any Carriage, Wheelbarrow, or novances by

Other Wheel-carriage, or shall run any Wheel without a Carriage, upon the Foot Pavement, or shall ride, jjriv,n* wheel-

drive, or lead, any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Afs, Mule, or other Beast, upon the Foot Pavements (ex- f^paJemeat*.

cept at such Places where it shall be necessary to cross into any House, Stable-yard, or Road, and then

only for such Time as shall be needful for the Purposes of eroding), or mall fasten or tie by the Bridle or

Halter, or shall leave unfaftened, or suffer to remain on any Pretence whatsoever, any Horse, Mare,

Gelding, Afs, or Mule, on the Foot Pavement of any of the Streets or Lanes in the said City, or

within the Liberties thereof, every Person offending, in any or either of the Cafes aforesaid, shall

forfeit and pay the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence; which said Penalty shall be recovered, and

Offenders proceeded agairrft, in the Manner directed by the first-recited Act with respe& to Drivers of

Carts.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Saturday after Forfweepingthe

the passing of this Act, every Person and Persons who shall inhabit the front Part, or shall be the Occu- Footway*,

pier of the greatest Part, of any Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Building, or the Owner or Proprietor of

any Wall adjoining to the Foot Pavement or other Footways within the said City, or the Liberties thereof,

thall fwcep and clean, or cause to be swept and cleaned, the said Footways at least twice in a Week;

that is to say, in the Forenoon on H^ednesday and Saturday in every Week, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum

of two Shillings and six Pence for each and every Neglect therein.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, liable For preventing

to be rated to the Assessments to be made by virtue of this Adf, shall, from and after the passing thereof,

wilfully or negligently suffer the Severn Water to run to Waste after the Ciflern, Tub, Barrel, or other

Vessel, used by them for the Reception of such Water, shall be full, or after such Person or Persons

shall or might have saved a reasonable and sufficient Quantity of Water for their Use, or after Notice

given to them or their Servant to prevent the fame by any Commissioner acting under the said first-recited

Adf, or by the Turncock or other Servant of the said Commissioners, every Person or Persons so offending

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall hoop, fire, cleanfc, wash, or feald To prevent boop.

any Cask; or hew or saw, or cause to be hewed or sawed, any Stone, Wood, or Timber; or bind, make, &c.

or repair any Wheel; or (hoe, bleed, cleanse, or dress, or turn or drive loose any Horse or Horses; or ln lhcSuc«».

wet, flack, or mix any Lime; or wet, mix, or make any Mortar (except as herein-before mentioned) ;

or throw at any Cock or Fowl in the Manner called Cock throwings or set up any Cock or Fowl to be

thrown at in such Manner; or shall make, or assist in the making, any Fire or Fires commonly called

Bonfires; or shallfetto or let off or throw any Squib, Serpent, Rocket, or Fire-works whatsoever, in any

of the Streets, Lanes, or public Ways, within the said City or Liberties thereof; every Person so offend-

ing, in any or either of the Cafes aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five

Shillings, over and above such Penalties which are Inflicted on any or either of the said Offences by any

Law or statute now in being.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall kill, (laughter, singe, feald, dress. To prevent ki 11.

pr cut up, any Beast, Swine, Calf, Sheep, Lamb, or other Cattle, or cause the fame to be done, in ing Swine, &c.

any open or public Street, Lane, or Way, within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, or hang up, or inthcSuocu,

cause to be hung up, any Beast, Swine, Calf, Sheep, Lamb, or other Cattle, or any Part or Parts there-

of, or any Sort of Goods or other Things whatsoever, on or over any of the Footways in any of the said

Street*, Lanes, or public Passages (except in the Street called Hoe Sharrblesy and the Market-place called

The New Shamblesevery Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay Penalty,

the Sum of five Shillings; and if any Swine, Beast, or other Cattle, shall be found wandering about the

said Streets, Lanes, or Ways, or any or either of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Of-

ficer or Officers of the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to impound such

Swine, Beast, or Cattle, in the common Pound in the said City, or such other Place as shall be appointed

for thatPurpose by the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and the fame to detain in the

said Pound or Place, until the Sum of five Shillings, and the Expences of impounding such Swine, Beast,

or Cattle, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and in case such Penalty and Expences shall not be paid within

X x x 2 three

e

