57l

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. C. 47, 48.

the Mailer or Commander of every such Vessel, as by any Law now in being may be requifice to such

Vessel or Cargo, which shall be as valid and tft'eftual as those taken or granted in the like Cafes by his

Majesty’s Governors, and by the Ofhcers of his Majesty’s Customs in America.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enattco by the Authority aforesaid, That such Importation

and Exportation as aforesaid of the above-mentioned Provisions, Goods, Wares, Merchandises, and

Prize Goods, into or out of any such Town, Tort, or Place, shall be futjeft to such Limitations, Re-

ftfiftions, and Regulations, as may have been, or shall be established by the Commander in Chief of his

Majesty’s Forces in America, or by the Commanding Officer of his Majesty’s Troops in such Port, Town,

or Place.

VII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That the said recited Act, made in the sixteenth

Year of his Majesty’s Reign, shall continue in full Force and Erfcft to all Intents, and in all Rei'pests,

except so far as the fame is heieby varied in favour of Ships or Vessels, and their Cargoes, proceeding ac-

cording to the Terms of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this present Act shall continue in Force to the first Day of June,

which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eigluy-one, and no longer.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever and wherever the Civil Government shall be

restored, by putting any Province, Colony, or Plantation, or any Port or Place, County, Town, or

Distridt, at the King’s Peace, this Act shall cease and determine in such Province, Colony, or Plantation,

Port or Place, County, Town, or District.

‘ X. And whereas, before the passing of this Act, divers Persons, Vessels, Cargoes, and other Eff’edls,

4 may have been seized, detained, damaged, or destroyed, in pursuance of Orders, Regulations, Restric-

4 tions, and Limitations heretofore 1 flued and establishid by the Commanders in Chief of his Majesty’s

4 Forces in North America,* or by Per suns acting under their Authority, for the public Service, and for sup-

4 pressing the Rebellion in North America be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all

such Acts, Matters, and Things, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be legal, to all Intents,

Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever; and that all Actions and Suits, Indictments, and Informations,

which have been, or shall be commenced or prosecuted, and all Molestations, Prosecutions, and Proceed-

ings whatsoever, and Judgments thereupon, if any be, for or by reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing,

adviseJ, commanded, appointed, or done, with respect to such Orders and Regulations, by ths said Com-

mandeis in Chief, or by any Person acting under their Authority, shall be discharged and made void ;

and that every Person, by whom any such Ad, Matter, or Thing, shall have been so advised, commanded,

appointed, or done, for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, shall be freed, acquitted, and indemnified*

as well against the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as against all and'every other Person and

Persons; and the Court, in which any such Action, Suit, or Proceeding, shall or may be commenced or

prosecuted, shall allow to the Defendant or Defendants the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity above

provided, in a summary Way, upon Application to the said Court, and shall make such Order between

the Parties, with respect to the Colls of the Suit or Proceeding, as to the said Court shall seem just.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments;

and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qua-

lifications within the 'Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes ; and to

indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions

have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid ;

and for allowing them Time to provide Admilfions duly damped ; and to give further Time to such

Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to At-

tornies and Solicitors.

o

4< Preamble. Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to A ft 1 Geo. I, Act 13 Car. II,

44 Act *5 Car. II, Act 30 Car. II, Act 8 Geo. I, Act 9 Geo. II, Act 18 Geo. II, and Act 6 Geo. Ill, before

44 the passing of this Act; and who shall, on or before Dec. 25, 1780, qualify themselves, shall be indem-

44 nified against Forfeitures. Not to indemnify any Person for any Penalty incurred by neglecting to

44 qualify himself. Persons producing Appointments and Admissions before Dec. 25, 1780, shall be con-

41 firmed, and qualified to act as Clerk, Officer, or Member of Corporations, tsfe. may enjoy all Office*

44 into which they have been elected; and shall be indemnified from all Penalties and Damages incurred

44 by reason of Omissions. Not to extend to restore Persons to any Office avoided by Judgment. Per-

44 fons who shall cause Affidavits to be filed before Michaelmas Term 1780, are indemnified and dif-

44 charged from Penalties. Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the Gc-

44 neral Mue.”

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for repairing, lighting, watching, and cleansing, the High Street or Road, called GoswelUstreet,

leading from Aldersgate-bars, without Aldersgate, London, to the House of Woodhouse Coker Gentleman*

near the Turnpike at the End of the said Street or Road, in the County of Middlesex; and also Bull-

yard, Glasshouse-yard, the North Side of Fans-alley, Mount-mill, and TVi How-court, contiguous to the said

Street or Road, on the East and Weft Sides thereof; and for removing Nuisances therefrom, and pre-

venting the like for the future.

The Importation

and Exportation

of Good9 as

aforesaid /hall be

subject to the

Regulations of

the Commander

in Chief, &c.

The recited Act

16 Gee. 111. to

continue in

Force, except as

heieoy altered.

Continuance of

this Act.

This Act tocesfe

in any Province,

See here the _’i-

vil Government

fl;a)l be re/lured#

Commanders in

Chief in Ame-

rica, and all Per-

font aft ng under

them, indemni-

fied for all Acts

done by them in

suppressing the

Rebellion there*

CAP.

