A. D,1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. C. 51. 587

to hear and determine any Offence against this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty thli Aa, if the

not amounting to twenty Pounds; which said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised and required, upon Penalty n«t

any Information exhibited, or Complaint made, in that Behalf, to summon the Party accused, and also e*coed 20

the Witnesses on either Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fast ; and upon due Proof made there-

of, either by the voluntary«TJonfession of the Party, or by Oath of one or more credible Witness or Wit-

nelles, to give Judgment or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture, according as in and by this Act is direct ed,

and to award and issue out his Warrants, under his Hand and Seal, for the levying any pecuniary Pe-

nalties or Forfeitures so adjudged, on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof,

in case they shall not be redeemed within fix Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any); and

where the Goods of such Offender cannot be found Efficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Of-

fender to Prison, there to remain for the Space of three Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be

sooner paid and satisfied; and rf any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Personi ad-

judgment of any such Justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount of the grimed »P*

Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgment

shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County,

Riding, or Place, who are hereby impowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally

to hear and determine the fame ; and in case the Judgment of such Justice shall be affirmed, it shall be

lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons to pay Costs, occasioned by such Appeal, as to them

stall seem meet.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be fam- Penalty on wjr-

moned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching neflVs who shall

any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or of the Person or Persons 10 *PPea^

accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, ed cximia~

without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice '

or Justices of the Peace, or appearing, shall refuse to be examined on Oath, and give Evidence before

such Justices of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person

shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Manner,

and by such Means, as are herein-before directed as to other Penalties

LUf* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Summonses HTued by any Justice Summonf« of

of the Peace, in pursuance of this Act, against the Owners or Proprietors of any Diligences, Coaches, or the P'oprietort

other Carriages, required to be licensed by this Act, that shall be left at the Inn, or other Place, where &cDicft vviVh^th«

the Diligence, Coach, or other Carriage shall put up, with the Book-keeper, or other Person who shall Book* keeper,

keep the Books for taking Places in such Diligences, Coaches, or other Carriages, shall be deemed good &c. be*

Service on the Owners or Proprietors of such Diligences, Coaches, or other Carriages, although such -deemed good

Owners or.Proprietors shall not have a Residence or Habitation at such Inn or Place. Senwcc,

LI Vk And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That a Conviction in the Form, and to thie t

Effect following (mutatis mutandis), as the Cafe (nail happen to be, shall be good and effectual, to all .r ,

Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without stating the Cafe, or the Fafts or Evidence, in any particular

Manner ; that is to say:

* DE it remembered, that on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

* ^ at in the County of A. B came before me C. D. Esquire, one of his Ma* Form of Coa-

4 jesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County, residing near the Place where the Offence was com- vision,

* mi tied, and informed me that E. F. of on the Day of now last past,

c at irv the said County [htrt set forth the Fast for which the Information is laid] ; whereupon

4 the said E* F. after being duly summoned to answer the said Charge, appeared before me on the

4 Day of at in the said County, and having heard the Charge con-

* tained in the said Information, declared he was not guilty of the said Offence [or, as the Cafe may happen

\ 4 to beJ, did not appear before me puriuant to the said Summons [or, did neglect and refuse to make any

4 Defence against the said Charge], but the fame being fully proved upon the Oath of G. H. a credible

4 Witness [or, as the Cafe may happen to bs]^ acknowledged and voluntarrlv con felled the fame to be truer

*• and it maniftftly appears tome that he, the said E. F1 is guilty of the Offence charged upon him in the

4 said Information; I do therefore hereby convict him of the Offence aforesaid, and do declare and ad-

4 judge that he, the said E, F. hath forfeited the Sum of of lawful Money of Great

4 Britain for the Offence aforesaid, lo be distributed as the Law directs, according to the Form of the

4 Statute in that Cafe made and provided. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of

LV. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he j,ftice may

shall fee Cause, to mitigate and lefien any such Penalties as he shall think fit, reasonable Costs and Charges t)k,ate the Pc* }

of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the fame, being always naUie*.

allowed over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to less than

a Moiety of the Penalties incurred, over and above the said Costs and Charges; any Thing contained in

this Act, or any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVJ. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties herein-before Rccetver-Rene*

granted shall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Time being of r*\ of Sump-

the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of to Par tte

the several, Rates and Duties, and pay the feme (the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting

for the fame, being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as £4Cilcqufr#

the l>«rties now charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid ; and that in Auiilortok,p#*

jho Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt shall be provided and kepi a Book or Books, in which all the

fc| ante Actcuot

v Monies thereof.

