TH E

STATUTES at Large, ©V.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Decimo Septimo.

* AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twenty-ninth Day of November, Anna

% A-\ Domini one thousand seven hundred -and seventy-four, in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of

c A- our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France,

4 and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, fife.

4 And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the thirty-first Day of October% one thousand

4 seven hundred and seventy-llx $ beiqg the third oession of the fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service

of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven. 4 r.

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Dutie^upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven*

1 CAP. Ill

An A&for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. IV.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. V.

1

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary

IJlingtoHy in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Workhouse for the said Parish.

4 IT7 HEREAS the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, are very Pieamkle,

4 W numerous, and are maintained and supported at a great Expence by the said Parish, and the

4 Workhouse of the said Parish is too small for the Reception o? the Poor thereof: And whereas thegrant-

4 ing proper Powers for the governing, maintaining, and regulating the said Poor, and providing a proper

• Place for their Reception, will tena to the more effectual Relief of such as by Age and Infirmities are

4 rendered incapable of supporting themselves by their Labour, to the better Employment of the able and

4 industrious, to the proper Correction and Punishment of the profligate and idle, and to the Education of

4 the poor Children in Religion and Industry; and thereby the said Poor, instead of being wholly supported

4 by the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and being fullered to live in Idleness and Debauchery, may be

4 brought to contribute to the Support and Relief mutually of each other, and be of some Advantage and

4 Credit to the Community : And whereas the Churchwardens and Overseed of the Poor of the said Parish

4 for the Time being are seised or possessed, in Trust for the Poor of the said Parish, of the Fee*simple and

4 Inheritance of anain a certain Piece or Parcel or Ground commonly called or known by the Name of

4 The Hundred Acre Piece, containing by Estimation one Acre and an Half, or thereabouts, adjoining to a

4 certain Road or Lane in the said rarish, called The Back Road, opposite to a Place called Steward?s-lane,

4 adjoining to the Land of Nathaniel Bifoopy Esquire ; upon which laid Piece of Ground a convenient and

4 proper Workhouse, with necessary Out-buildings, may beerefted and built: But as the Purposes afore-

4 said cannot be put in Execution without the Aid and Authority of an Act of Parliament/ may it therefore

please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers Trustew.

of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Islington for the Time being, Roger Aitham senior Esquire, Roger

Vol. XIIL Parti. B Aitham

