The T I T L E S of the S T A TUT E S.

the Powers, of an Act, made in tire thirty-first Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

for repairing and widening the Reads from the Town of

Stockbridge in the County of Southampton to the City of

XVinchester, and from the said City, through Bellmour

Lane, to the Top of Stephen’s Castle Down, near the

Town of Bishop’s Waltham in the said County, and from

the said City of Winchester, through Otterborne, to Bar-

gate in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton,

91, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the thirty-second Year of King George the Se-

cond, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross*

' at Broken-cross, tn Macclesfield, in the County of Chester,

to the Turnpike Road at Buxton, in the County of Derby ;

and for making and keeping in Repair certain Branches

of Road, to communicate with the said Macclesfield

Road,

9*. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts,

orfe made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads

therein mentioned in the Counties ^Southampton and Dor-

set, and the other made in the Second Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, to amend the said former Act, and

for amending and widening the Road between Ringwood

Gate in the County of Southampton to Woolsbridge, and

from theme to the Great Weslern Road between a Place called

Thickthorn and Cafhmore Inn, so far as the said two

Acts relate to the fifth Division of Road directed to be

repaired and widened by the said 1 aft mentioned Act.

93* An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the thirty-fuft Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and

widening several Roads from Tetbury, and other Places

in the County of Gloucester* so far as the fame relates to

' the Road from Tetbury to the Gates on the Weft of

Symonds Halt Down* and from the House at the Top of

ProeeJIer HiUy where the Turnpike Gate lately stood,

to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester towards Bath* and

from the Field called Bouldown Sleight to the End of a

Lane adjoining to the Road from Horjley to Tetbury* near

Tiltuts Imn5 and for amending and keeping in Repair the

Road from the said Turnpike Road near Howells Down*

across Owlpen Down, to a Lane leading to Lambern Hill$

and from another Part of the Paid Turnpike Road n&r

the Latterwood Turnpike, across Owlpen Down aforesaid j

all in the said County of Gloucffler.

94. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jesty, intituled. An Act for repairing and widening several

Roads heading from the Town of Louth, in the County of

Lincoln.

9$. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Sage

Cross, in the Town of Melton Mowbray, in the County

of Leicester* to the Town of Grantham* in the County

of Lincoln•

96. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his Ma-

jesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for re-

pairing and widening the Road from the Town of Guilde-

ford, to The Directing Post near the Town of Farnham,

in the County of Surrey.7

97. An Act for continuing1 the Term and Powers of so

much of an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Reads fresh

Mold to Denbigh, and from thence to Tal y Cafn and

Conway j andf rom Wrexham to Ruthin, Denbigh, and

* Rhyddian, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Car-

narvon, as relates to the Road from Wrexham to Den-

bigh. *

98. An Act for amending the Road from the Weft End of

Seend Street, to the Horse and Jockey, in the Parlfti of

Box* in the County of Wilts, and certain other Roads

leading out of the said Road ; and for making an addi-

tional Road from the said Road, in the Chapelry of

Seendy to communicate with the Devizes Turnpike Road,

at or near Somerham Brook, in the fame ChapeJry; all-in

the said County, t

99. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

palFed in the thirty-second Year of King George the Se-

cond, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place

called The Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning in the

County of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknow),

and Sunning-hill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish \f

Egham, in the County of Surrey,

100. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of

his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled. An

Act for amending* widening, and keeping in Repair, the

Roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to 'Footing, and from

Ewell to Kingston upon Thames, and Thames Ditton,

in the County of Surrey; and for amending, widening,

and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike

Road at Ewell, across. Ewell Common Fields; to the

Rycgate Turnpike Road, on Borough Heath, in the said

County.

P R I V ATE, ACTS,

Anno 20 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields’,

Meadow*, Common Pafturet, and Waste Grounds,

in the Town ships of Scarrington and AJlafton, in the

County of Nottingham,

z. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paitures, and

other Commonable Lands, in StoneJby* in the County of

Leicester.

3. An Act to enable Mary Ruck* Spinster, notwith-

standing her Minority, to convey, assign, and settle her

Real and Personal Estate on her intended Marriage with

Benjamin Keene Esquire,

4. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-

mon Fields, Common Downs, Common Meadows,

Common Failures, Waste Lands, and Commonable

Places, within the Parish of Leckford Abbotts, and Ab~

bess* in the County of Southampton.

An Act to enable Richard Bourne Esquire, his first and

other Sons, and their Issue Male, and his and their re-

spective Children, to assume and use the Name, and bear

the Arms, of Charletty pursuant to the Will of Arthur

Charlett Esquire, deceased.

6. An Act for naturalizing John Salomon Balthafar Sontag,

7. An Act for inclosing the Open and Common Fields,

Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within

the Parish and Liberties of Barham, in the County of

Huntingdon.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons

and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of

Staveley, in the County of Derby.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Lands

and Grounds called JFhole Tear Lands* Half Tear In-

closuresy Open Field Lands, Breeks* Commons* and Wafts,

within the Parish of Heacham, in the County of Norfolk,

10. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Lands

and Grounds called Whole Year Lands, Half Tear In-

clofurcsy Open Field Lands, Shack Meadows, and a I so cer-

tain Commons, Sever a Is, and Wajles, within the Parish of

Tcttcnhill with VF eft Briggs, in the County of Norfolk.

Mi An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Lands,

