The TITLES of the STATUTES,

the Place of its Growth or Produce, and for granting

an additional Duty on such Tobacco, during the present

Hostilities.

4°- An Act to repeal so much of an Act nfade in the fif-

teenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for settling Bucking-

ham House upon the $htceny in lieu of Somerset House,

and for other Purposes, as enables the Commissioners of

his Majesty's Treasury to apply the Sums necessary for

completing Somerset House, out of the Aids granted for

Naval Services, or out of any of the Revenues arising

from the Receipt of the several Offices to be erected And

established by virtue of the said Act.

41. An Act to continue an Act, made in the twelfth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act

for rendering the Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent

Debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the

Diligence of the Law by Arrestment and Poindings and for

extending the Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes, and for

limiting A ft ions upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

42. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional

Duties upon certain Goods imported into the Isle of

Man ; and for better regulating the Trade and securing

the Revenues of the said Island.

43. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and eighty.

44. An Act to explain an Act of the last Session of Par-

liament, intituled. An Act for augmenting the Militia ;

and to declare valid and effectuafthe Swearing in and

Inrofment of Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers,

In Cafes where all the Provisions of the several Acts now

in being, relative thereto, have not been observed; and

to inde mnify Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates,

and Justices of the Peace, for their Proceedings therein

respectively ; to declare valid and effectual the Commis-

fions granted by Deputy Lieutenants, in the Absence of

the Lieutenant of any County out of the Kingdom, to

Officers commanding Volunteer Companies ; and to in-

demnify Deputy Lieutenants and Officers who #have

granted, or acted under, such Commrffions; and to en-

large the Powers of Deputy Lieutenants in certain Cafes.

45. An Act to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture

of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean

Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland in

•\ British or Foreign Vessels from any Place whatsoever ;

and for laying a Duty on Cotton and Cotton Wool im-

ported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships or Vessels,

for a limited Time.

46. An A<$ to allow the Exportation of Provisions, Goods,

Wares, and Merchandise, from Great Britain, to Cer-

tain Towns, Ports or .Places, in North America, which-

are or may be under the Protection of his MajestyV

Arms; and from such Towns, Ports or Places, to Great

Britain, and other Parts of his Majesty’s Dominions.

47. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices or Employments; and to

indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have

omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications with-

in the Time limited by Law, and for giving further

Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members

and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough

Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to beftamp-

cd according to Law, or having been {lamped, have been

loft or mifUid ; and for allowing them Time to provide

Admissions duly stamped ; and to give further Time to

such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits

of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies

and Solicitors.

48. An Act for repairing, lighting, watching, and clcanf-

ing the High Street or Road, called Gifwell-f.net, lead-

ing from Aiderjgate-bars9 without Aldersgate^ Loi don, to

^he House of Woodhouse Coker Gentleman, j ea die

Turnpike at the End of the said Street r r Road, i i t ie

County of Middlesex; and also hull yard. Cl fs'^uj -

yard, the North Side of Fan's-ahcy, M unt-r.. and

I Vi I low-court 9 contiguous to the fr.»d Street or Road, on

the East and Weft Sides thereof; and for removing

Nuisances therefrom, and preventing the like for the

future.

49. An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lunds, Tenements,

and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the ber-er ftcunrg

his Majesty’s Dock, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham.

50. An Act for exempting the City of Itimheder, the

County of Southampton, the Town of Shrev /bury, and

the County of Salop9 out of the Provisions or an Act:

made in the eighth Year of the Rtign of his late Ma-

jesty King George the Second* intituled, An Act for re-

gulating thi Quartering of Soldiers during the Tune of the

Elect ions of Members to serve in Parliament; so far as the

fame relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elec-

tions of Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited

Time.

51. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the nineteenth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An

Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences

to be taken out by all Persons letting Horses to Hire, for

travelling in the Manner therein mentioned; and certain

Duties on all Horses lett to Hire for the Purposes cf travel*

ling Pq/l9 and by Time; and upon certain Carriages therein

mentioned; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

52. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties

upon Search and Hair Powder imported, and upon Starch

made in Great Britain, and upon Sweets.

53. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans

ot Exchequer Bills, for the Service of tht Year one thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty.

54. An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to

examine, take, and state the public Accounts of the

Kingdom ; and to report what Balances are in theHands

of Accountants, which may be applied to the public

Service ; and what Defects there are in the present Mode

of receiving, collecting, bluing, and accounting for pub-

lic Money ; and in what more expeditious and effectual,

and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in fu-

ture be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the

Public.

55. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the

thirteenth and fourteenth Years f the Reign of King

Charles the Second, as restrains the Removal of Wool*

and other Articles, to certain Times and Hours therein

mentioned.

56. An Act for continuing in the Pbffession of the United

Company of Merchants of England trading to the East

Indies, for a further Time, and'under certain Conditions*

the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lawly obtained

in the East Indies; and for reviving, and continuing for

a further Time, so much of an Act, made in the thir-

teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

tituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the

better Management of the Affairs of the East India Com-

pany, as well in India as in Europe, as hath expired iri

the Course of the present Year; and for indemnifying

the said Company for any Money they have paid, or

may pay, in or about the Building oF three Ships of the

Line for the Service of the Public.

57. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum

of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein

mentioned.

58. An Act for granting further Time for allowing the

S

Drawback

