Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

406

P*rt of the re*

cited Atta rer

pealed.

Fee-farm Rente,

Scc. remaining

unfold by the

Trustees, to be

in the Port’dTion

of his Majesty,

See.

Chancellor and

^Council of the

Duchy of Lan-

caster iru powered

to fell the fa id

Fee-farm Rents,

ICC.

hot not for left

thin *5 Yean

Purehafc,

Owner of the

Lands * hereout

the Rents are

payable, to be

preferred in the

Purehafc there-

of.

Form of Grant*.

C. 45.

A. D. 1779.

c fubie&, upon Descent or Alienation thereof, to the Payment of Fines, either arbitrary or certain, Heriots,

* Reliefs, and other Dues, according to the respective Customs of the said Honours, Manors, or Lord-

4 {hips, over and besides the yearly Quit-Rents issuing and payable thereout: And whereas it would tend

4 greatly to the Relief of the said Tenants, and to the Improvement of their respective Estates, if the fame

4 could be enfranchised and discharged from the said Burthens incident to their respective Tenures; but

4 the fame cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament:’ Be it therefore enabled by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That so much of the said

several recited Acts of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and the twenty-

second and twenty-third Years of the Reign of the fame King, as relates to or concerns any Fee-farm

Rents, or other Rents whatsoever, remaining unfold by the said Trustees, and now in the Survey or Re-

ceipt of the Duchy of Lancaster^ or the Officers thereof, or to the Appropriation of the Money to arise by

any Sale or Sales thereof; and also so much of the said recited A<R of the first Year of the Reign of her

late Majesty Queen Anne, as relates to or concerns any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or He-

reditaments, within or Parcel of the Honours, Manors, or Lordships of the said Duchy of Lancaster, now

held by Copy of Court-roll, of being of the Nature of Copyhpld or of Customary Tenure, or to any Fines

payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon Descent or Alienation of the fame, shall be, and the

lame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all and singular the said Fee-farm Rents*

and other Rents whatsoever, remaining unfold by the said Trustees as aforesaid, and now in the Survey

or Receipt of the said Duchy, or the Officers thereof, shall be, and the fame are hereby declared

to be, in the actual Seisin and Post'ession of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, as

Parcel of the Possessions of his said Duchy of Lancaster^ in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and

Purposes, as if the said recited A£s had not been made.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chancellor and Council

of the Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, to sell and dispose, and thereupon to grant and assure, in

the Name of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, under Seal of the said Duchy, unto or to the Use

of the respective Purchasers of the said Rents, and to their Heirs for ever, all and singular Fee-farm Rents,

Rents Service, Rents Seclc or Dry Rents, Quit Rents, Chantry Rents, Guild Rents, and other Rents,

due and payable to the King’s Majesty, as Parcel of the Possessions of his said Duchy, and now being

within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy, and the Officers of the fame, at and for such Confi-

derations in Money as the said Chancellor and Council shall think fit, not being less than after the Rate of

twenty-five Years Purchase of the gross Amount of any such Rent or Rents; and that the several Grants

and Afl'urances of any such Rent or Rents, to be so made under the Seal aforesaid, being inrolled in the

Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster, within twelve Calendar Months next after the respective

Dates thereof, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, unto the respective Grantees and theif

Heirs; and that all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his and their Heirs, Suc-

cessors, and Assigns, having and taking any such Grant or Afi'urance, and causing the fame to be inrolled

as aforesaid, shall, by Force and Virtue of this A&, be adjudged to be in the actual Seisin and Post'ession

of the Rent or Rents so purchased and conveyed, and shall hold and enjoy the fame in perfect Peace, freed

and discharged of and from all Claims and Demands which can or may be made by his Majesty, his Hein

or Successors, or by any Person or Persons claiming any Estate, Right, or Interest, by, from, or under,

the said Trustees, or the Survivor of them, and of and from all Manner of Incumbrances whatsoever, here-

tofore had or charged upon the fame Rents, and as fully and amply as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

or the said Trustees, or the Survivor of them, or his Heirs, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame;

and shall have and enjoy, under their said respective Purchases, all and every the Benefits and Advantages

for the Recovery thereof, and the Arrears thereof, as are or were given or allowed to Purchasers of any

Rent or Rents in and by the said Adtof the twenty-second Year of King Charles the Second, and by the said

other Adf of the twenty- second and twenty-third Years of the fame King, and in as large and ample Man-

ner and Form as if such Purchasers had purchased the said Rents under the Trustees appointed or authorised

in and by, or under and by virtue of the Powers contained in the said Acts, or either of them.

IV. Provided always, and be it cnadfed. That the immediate Owner of the Lands and Hereditaments

whr reout any of the said Rents are due, payable, or issuing, shall be preferred in the Purchase thereof re-

fptdlively before any other, so as such immediate Owner shall pay and discharge all Arrears of Rent due

fn m him or her, and tender himself or herself in Person, or by his or her Agent, to the said Chancellor

and Council, to contract for the Purchase thereof, and shall perfedfc his or her Contract, and pay the Pur-

chafe Money into the Hands of the Receiver-general of the Revenues of the said Duchy, on or before the

sixth Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, at such Rate as shall be agreed upon, not

being less than twenty-five Y» ars Purchase, as aforesaid.

V. And be it firther enabled, That all such Grants and Assurances shall and may be made in the fol-

lowing Form of Words, or as nearly thereto as may be; (that is to say,)

4 GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender

4 of the Faith, and so forth; To all to whom these our present Letters shall come. Greeting : Know

4 ye, that we, in Consideration of the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain,

4 paid into the Hands of our Receiver-general of the Revenues of our Duchy of Lancaster (as appears by

4 the Receipt of the said Receiver-general indorsed on these Presents), and by and with the Advice and

4 Conf ift of our Chancellor and Council of our said Duchy, do by these Presents grant, bargain, and fell,

4 unto A, B. his Heirs and Assigns, all that Rent of [exPf ejJ^g the Rent or Rents] issuing and payable

4 out of [briejly dejeribing the Lands or Tenements chargeableJ now or late paid or payable by

4 [mentioning

