C. 6?

A.D. 1777* Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 62.

ForaNonfuit, Sixpence.

For every Search in the Books, Threepence.

For paying Money into Court, Sixpence; if by Instalments, Sixpence in the Pound more.

For taking Money out of Court, and acknowledging of Satisfaction in the Clerk’s Book, Sixpence.

For every Attachment, Sixpence.

For every Execution, Sixpence.

For every Warrant of Commitment for an Infulf or Misbehaviour in the Court, or to the Commissioners,

Clerks, or Officers of the Court, one Shilling.

To the SERJEANTS.

For the Service of every Summons, Ol der, or Subpoena, if within either of the Towns of Donington,

Kirton, or Gofberton, and attending the Court, with the Return thereof. Sixpence; if out of either of the

laid Towns, Threepence rrmre for every Mile.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, One Penny.

^ For executing every Attachment, Execution, or Warrant, against the Body or Goods, One Shilling ;

if rut of either of the Towns of Donington, Kirton, or Gojbcrton, Threepence more for every Mile.

For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, or Delinqu.nL to Prison, Sixpence for every Mile.

A Table of which Fees shall, from Time to Time, be hung up by the Clerk of each of the said Courts, in

some conspicuous Part or Parts of the said Court-house or Court-houses, Place or Places, where the said

Commissioners shall meet, fothat all P rfons concerned may fee and examine the fame.

XX. Provided always. That no Costs to he given, awarded, or allowed by the said Commissioners, shall

in any Cafe whatsoever exceed the Sum of ten Shillings.

XXI. And be it further enaftrd by the Authority aforesaid, That, if any of the Clerks or Serjeants of

the said Court, for the Time being, shall take or demand any greater or other Fees or Reward, than what

are herein before mentioned, for his or their Service in the Execution of this Act, he and they shall, for

every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine (not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than ten

Shillings) as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall assess and impose, to be applied

to the Use of the Poor of the Town or P?rish where the Offence shall be committed.

XXII. And be it further enafte 1 by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said Clerks or Serjeants

shall be guilty of any Misbehaviour, either by Neglect or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fees than

before mentioned, or otherwise, in the Execution of their rfspective Offices ; that then, upon Complaint

, and due Proof Thereof, made upon Oath in open Court, the said Commissioners then fitting are hereby <Ji-

rested and required to cau'e th whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned, by an AdverTnement to

be inserted in some public Ntwfnapcr, to meet at a convenient Time and Place; and the Commissioners

then present, not being left than Eleven in Number, (h ill and may examine and consider the M rits of

fuvh Compaint; and if it shall appear to such Commissioners, or the major Pa t of them, that any of the

Clerks or Serjeants have been guilty of such Misbehaviour or Breach of Duty, as aforesaid, in his Office,

it shall and may lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then assembled, to

dilmifs or remove fu< h C!e»k or Serjeant from his said Office, and to nominate and appoint a fir and proper

Person to execute the fain Office of Clerk or Serjeant, in the Room and Place of him so difinified and re-

moved as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commission^r of the said

Court for the Timeb ing, shall he Party to, or inrerefted in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such

Person shall not be capable of acting as a Commissi r.er in the herring and determining fuchC iu.'e, or

making any Order, Decree, or Judgment therein : But after being heard in the said Cause, (hi 11 with-

draw from the said Court, until the fame is finally determined : And if the Clerk or Serjeant of the said

Court, for the Time being, shall be a Party to, or interfiled in, any Ciufe d< pending in the ‘aid Court,

such Clerk or Serjeant shall not exercise his said Office in the said Cause, or in any Thing relating thereto ;

but the Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at such Court, shall and may depute and

appoint another Person to exfcrcife the said Office of Clerk or Serjeant respectively, in all Things relative

to such Cause.

4 XXIV. And, for the better enrorcing the Orders and Decrees from Time to Time to be m rde by the

€ said Commissioners, and that the Commissioners, and the Clerks and Officers of the said Court, may be

€ invested with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse,’ be it enacted

by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall affront, insult, or abuse, all or any of the

Commissioners, Clerks, or Officers of the said Court for the Time being, during their fitting in the said

Court, or in going to, or returning from, the fame, or {hall interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court, or

at any Time shall affront, insult, or abuse, hinder or obstruct, or attempt or threaten to hinder or obstruct,

any of the Clerks or Seri- ants in the lawful Execution of his or their respective Office or Offices, it shall

and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them then fitting, or if not

then fitting, at the next Court to be h'dd in or near the Town where such Insult or Mifdeme-.nor dial! be

committed, to cause a Warrant to be iffied by the Clerk of the fjid Court, or his or their Deputy or De-

puties, directing such Serjeant to apprehend and tr-ke, or cause such Person or Persons so offending as afore-

lai i to be apprehended and t.<ken, before one or more of his Majesty’s Justice or Juffces of the Peace for

the Pa.ts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln ; and upon the Fast alledged being proved, by the Oath of

one or more credible Wirnefs or VVitnelfes, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and di-

rect' d to punish such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, by Fine, not exceeding the Sum of forty

Shilhrgs, nor less than hve Shillings, which shall he immediately paid into the Hands of the said Jurtice or

Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and be paid and applied in like Manner

Vol. XIII. Part I. Y as

161

Table thereof to

be hung up in

the Court-house.

Costs in no Cafe

to exceed ten

Shillings.

Penalty on

taking greater

Feet.

Clerks and Ser-

jeants may be

displaced for

NegleO of

Duly, See.

No Comnruflion-

er, &c to act

wncie interested.

Penalty on in

ful’in§ the

Court.

Googh

