282 C. 55. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 177

u 4^,60S/. 2 s. for three Regiments to be raised in North Britain, from April 25, to Z>rr. 24, 1778;

44 18,071 /. 12 r. for* Infantry, tffc. of Anhalt Zcrbjl; 1,406,923/. 1 j. 4^. 1^. towards extraordinary Ex-

44 pences of the Land Forces, &c. not provided for *; 1,500,000l. for discharging. Exchequer Biils of !aft

44 Session; 1,000; coo/. for paying off the Exchequer Bills of last Session; 19,100l. to makegood to hrs

44 Majesty the like Sum issued in pursuance of the Addresses of the House of Commons; 3,2:0/. for the

44 Civil Establiihmenc of the Island of St.john; 2,8c6/. for the Civil Establilbment of Georgia; 4,701/.

44 10 s. c d. for supporting the Civil Eftublishment of Neva Scotia; 4,950/. for the Civil Kftabliffiment of

44 East Florida; 4,900l. for the Civil Establishment of //"V/? Florida; 2,372/, for defraying ExpCnces at-

44 tending Surveys in North America; I'.co:/, for maintaining the British) Forts, ds’r. on the Coast of

44 Africa; 5, , 50/. for supporting the Civil Establilbment of Senegambia; 105,227/. 8/. 3 */. for the Ex-

44 pences of recoining the deficient Gold Coin; 6,998/. 12 j. 5 ;/. on account of new Roads, id c. in the

44 Highlands of Scotland; 56,680/. 2 s. b d. for Relief of American Civil Officers, tfc.; 6,400l. to Mr.

44 Alcove, for his Trouble in compiling a General Index to the Journals; 3,cco/. to the Rev. Mr. Forjler*

44 for his Trouble in compiling a general Index to the Journals; 3, coo/, to the Rev. Dr. Flex man, for

44 ditto; 500l. to Mr. Cunningham, for dittos 9,075 3 i> d. to make good to his Majesty the like Sum

*4 issued to Duncan Campbell* for the Expence of confining, idc. Convicts on the Thames; 43,621 /. lor.

44 9^. Halfpenny, to the Sinking Fund, to make good the Deficiency on July.5, 1777, idc.; and 38,493 /.

44 zx. 7 d Halfpenny, to make good the Deficiency of Grants for the Service of the Year 1777. The said

44 Aids to be applied only to the Ufcs before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the Application of the

44 Half-pay. By Act 17 Geo. III. a Sum not exceeding 93,616/. 8 s. 4 d. was appropriated to be paid to re-

44 duced Officers. Overplus Monies, above satisfying said Officers, to he disposed of to Officers who were

114 maimed, idc. in the late'Wars, or to Officers Widows and Children, as his Majesty shall direct.

4‘ 31,154/. 17/. 8j. 1 q. remaining in the Exchequer of the Two Sevenths Excise, to be carried to the

41 -Aggregate Fund.”

CAP. LV.

An Act toperrtiit the Exportation of certain Goods, directly from Irelandy into any British

Plantation inyhnctica* or any British Settlement on the Coalt of Africa , and for further

encouraging the Fiftieries and Navigation of Ireland.

Preamble.

ACI 15 Car. II.

recited.

4 tl 7 HEREAS by an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in-

tituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Tradey it is, among other Things enacted, That, from

and after the twenty-fifth Day of March* one thousand six hundred and sixty-four, no Commodity

4 ofthd Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Europe, shall be imported into any Land, Island, Plan-

4 tation. Colony, Territory, or Place, to his Majesty belonging, or whfrh shall hereafter belong unro,

4 or be in the Possession of, hrs Majesty, his Heirs and Sticceflors, in Asia* Africa, or America (Tangier

4 only excepted), but what shall be bona fide, and without Fraud, laden ahd shipped in England* Wales, or

the Town of Berwick upon Tweed: And whereas it is thought proper to allow the Exportation of Goods

4 (except as herein-after excepted) directly from the Kingdom of Ireland* to the British Plantations in

4 America, or into ary of the Settlements belonging to Great Britain on the Coast of Africa d Be it therefore

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parharmnt assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June* one thousand seven hundred and fevtntv-

eight, it shall and may be lawful to export from the Kingdom of Ireland, directly into any of the British

Plantations in America, or the ITeft Indies, or into any of the Settlements belonging to Great Britain on

the Coast of Africa* in Ships or Vdfrls which may lawfully trade to and from those Places, any Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize, being the Produce br Manufacture of Ireland (Wool and Woollen Manufacture

in all its Branches mixed or unmixed, Cotton Manufactures of all Sorts mixed or unmixed, Hats, Glass,

Hops, Gunpowder, and Coals, only excepted); and ail Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Pro-

duce, or P/Ianufacture of Great Brit An* Which have been or may be legally imported from thence into rhe

said Kingdom of Ireland* Woollen Mamdaftures in all its Branches, and Glass, excepted); and all foreign

Certificate Goods, which have been or mry he legally imported from Great Britain into Ireland; any Law,

Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Matter of the

Vefiel exporting

CJocds as above-

iTientioned, to

produce a proper

Certificate to the

Collector, &c. of

the Custemi at

the Port ot hit

Arrival j

and deliver an

Invoice of the

Particulars of

his Lading.

II. Provided always, and it is herrbv further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master, or

Person having the Charge of every Ship or Vessel exporting any such Goods from Ireland to the said Plan-

tations or Settlements, shall, upon his Arrival there, produce to the Collector or other principal Officers

of the Customs, or other public Officer at the Port or Place where he shall arrive, a Certificate, under the

Hands and Seal of Office of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs of the Port in Ireland where he

took in his Lading, that Oath had been made befohe them, by the Exporter of such Goods (which Oath

they are hereby authoiifed to administer), that the Goods mentioned in such Certificate are bona fate of the

Produce or Manufacture of Ireland; or that the fame are of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of

Greot Britain, which had been legally imported from thence into Ireland; or that they are foreign Certifi-

cate Goods, which had been legally imported from Great Britain into beland (as the Cafe may be); and

shall also deliver an Invoice of the Particulars of his Lading to such Officers, in the Manner direviled determined by sn

Act of Parliament, made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to

permit the Exportation of Irish Linen Cloth to the Plantations* and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen

into Ireland; and shall in all other Respects, not altered by this Act, comply with the Regulations prcfcrib-tl

by

