A. D. 1779. Anno decimo nono G rough III.

C. 10. 317

named ; and such High Constables, Headboroughs, or other proper Officers, are hereby required forth-

with to signify the Times add Places so appointed for such Meetings to the several Commissioners residing

within their refoedlive Distrids; add the said Commissioners assembled at such first Meeting shall also give

Notice of the Time and Place of all and ever'y succeeding Meeting, to be appointed as aforesaid, to the Se-

cretary at War, or to the Military Officer or Officers whom they shall have learned, by Notice from the

Secretary at War, or Secretary to the Admiralty, to be directed to attend this Service.

Officers as /hall attend this

Precepts for that

Purpoitf to the

High Constables,

&c.

and to give No-

tice thereof to

such Military

Service.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all reafortable Charges or Expences incurred by fheijff5.to^ al*

any Sheriff, or Deputy Sheriff, in the Execution of this Act, shall be allowed in the Accounts of such ^cunVd

Sheriff at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or repaid by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commis- in the Execution

doners of the Treasury for the Time being. of this a a.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the second Meeting, appointed to be held Proviso relating

in any Subdivision, shall be at so great a Distance of Time as to render it irtcOhVenieftt to issue VVarrants to Second Sub-

for bringing Persons before such Commiffitmert at the second Meeting, then the Commissioners of such ?ivision Mcct-

Subdivision respefdively may adjourn themselves so some convenient Day previous to such second Meeting, ings*

in order to issue their Warrants as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That it shall and may be lawful so artd for Commissioner«,

the said Commissioners, at their Frrft General Metting assembled, to appoint a Clerk to attend them then, *t their First

and at each of their subsequent Meetings, and for the Commissioners of the several Subdtvisions to appoint Meeting, may

a Clerk to attend them at their respective Meetings in each Subdivifiott Wherein Soldiers are to be inhfted, *p?°int a Clerk;

as herein after mentioned 5 and such respective Clerks, as a Reward for theft Labour and Pains in the who/lull rece vt

Execution of this Act, shall be intitled to, and shall receive, for every Man who shall be lifted in pur- *. for every

fuance of this Act, at the Meetings whereon they shall respectively attend, the Sum of two Shillings of ^Ia.n ,iftfd at

lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the respective Officers who shall receive such neW raised 1Ve

Men respedivfcly.

VII Provided always, and be it enacted* That no Person or Persons, hereby appointed to be a Cotfi- Commissioners

missioner or Commissioners for any County, Riding* City, Borough, Cinque-port, or Place, of England, England not

Wales, or Berwick upon Tiuecd (except such as duly qualified therriselves to be Justices of the Peace, or C6m- *° ‘jj1 the^

millioners for executing the said Act for the Land Tax made and passed in the fifteenth Year of his present oVthsVpoinui

Majesty’s Rxign, or any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose), shall be capable, in by a&i

England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, of acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution

of this Act, or executing any of the Powers of the Commissioners herein-mentioned, unlefsit be the Power

hereby given of administering Oaths, until such Time as he or they shall have taken the Oaths appointed

by two Acts of Parliament, one made irt the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

First, (inti uled, da Act for the further Security of his Majesty s Person and Government, and the Succrssion of 1 Geo. I.

the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the

pretended P:ince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors); and the other made in the (fxth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration and Assurance \ and for and 6 Oco. UC,

amending so much of an Act of the sevenlh Tear of her late Majesty §hteen Anne, intituled, 44 An Act for the

“ Improvement Of the Union of the two Kingdoms,” as, after the Time therein limited\ requires the Deliverf

6f certain Lifts and Copies therein mentioned, to Persons indicted of High Treofon or MifprifionofTreason \ which

Oaths it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of the said Commissioners to administer, and they

are hereby required to administer the fame to any other of the said Commissioners: And that rto Person or Per- Nor Commis-

fons hereby appointed to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for any Part of Scotland (except such as duly sioners in Scot-

qualified themselves, according to Law, to be Justices of the Peace or Commissioners there for executing [a,K,»fill

the said Act for the Land Tax made and passed in the fifteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, or any subse- at

quent Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose), shall be capable of acting as a Commissionet or Com- t|,e Law* there

Tniftioners in the Execution of this present Act, in arty Part of Scotlanduntil such Time as he or they re- direct.

spectively shall have taken and subscribed the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration, and have subscribed

the Assurance appointed by Law to be taken artd subscribed by Persons in Offices of Public Trust in

Scotland.

VIII. -Provided always, and be it enacted* That if any Person hereby appointed a Commissioner for Conmvflioner*

any County, City, Riding, Town or Place, in England, Wales, or Berwick uton Tweed (except as before j" England aft-

excepted), Dial I presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act before he shall have taken *ns bcl(?rc lh*y

the said Oaths which by this Act he is required to take, and in the Manner hereby prescribed, he shall for- Cn 1 C

feit to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, forfeit* aool.

Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster% wherein no Essoin,

Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed ; and that if any Person hereby and Commis-

appointed a Commissioner for any Shire, Stewartry, Burgh, or Place, in Scotland (except as before ex- fionen in Scot*

cepted), shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act before that he shall have qua- 50

Jified himself according to the Laws in Scotland, he shall forfeit to his Majesty the Sum of fifty Pounds

to be recovered in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, in the same Manner as any other Penalties are there

recoverable.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Commiffidhef of the Land Qualification of

Tax, not being a Justice of the Peace, or a Magistrate of a Corporation or a Borough, shall be capable of Commissionert

acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or of any of the Powers therein contained, in or for ior Cou^,e*

any County at large within England, or in or for any of the Ridings in the County of York, unless such

Person, by himself, or his Tenants orTrustees, was taxed or did pay, in the same County or Riding, for s

the Value of one hundred Pounds per Annum> or more, of his own Estate, by virtue of the said Act for

Vgl. XIII. Part III. T t the

