S3&

Proviso in case

they are then

unmarried.

Per Tons holding

two Offices not

subje£t to ?n

additional Rate.

Rate payable oat

ex' the Ann i

A nd where no

Ann is eompe-

tent, by the

Heirs, &c.

Rates payable

out of Vacan-

cies*

Intimation to be

made to the Pa-

trons of the re-

spe&lvt Parishes

when these

Rates become

duet

Time when

these Rates bear

Interest.

Penalty ®ti

Presbyteries,

Sec. neglecting

to make inti-

mation.

Rates, Sec. pri-

vileged Debts.

C. 20. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779*

Years of Age* or upwards, shall, if married, or a Widower, having a Child or Children* be liable in

Payment of a Sum equal to two Years and an Half of the Annual Rates to which he is subjeded in vir-

tue of his Option, or in Default of making his Election as aforesaid, over and above the Annua) and other

Rates herein-before enacted, to be paid by the other Ministers of the said Church, or Heads, Principals,

and Mailers in the Universities aforesaid; which Payment shall be made at the Term of Candlemas that

shall first happen after he has, or ought to have, made his Election of one or other of the aforesaid Annual

Rates in the Manner herein*before directed.

XII. Provided always, That if such Ministers, Heads, Principals, or Mailers, or ordained Assistants*

shall, at the Time of their Ordination or Admission, or coming to the Enjoyment of their full Benefice

or Salary as aforesaid, be Batchelors, or Widowers having no Children, they shall not be liable to*the afore-

said additional Tax while they remain unmarried; but in case of their marrying afterwards, they shall be

obliged to pay the said additional Tax at the Term of Candlemas that shall first happen twelve Calendar

Months thereafter.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Minister of the Church of

Scotland, entitled to a Benefice, is also a Head, Principal, or Master, in any of the Universities aforesaid,

and thereby intitled to a Salary, such Minister shall not be liable to double Rates, but shall only be liable

to one Rate in respect of both Offices.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death of every Minister of

the Church of Scotland, and of every Head, Principal, or Master in any of the Universities aforesaid, or of

any Person who once enjoyed a Benefice in the said Church, or an Office in any of the aforefard Univerfi-

ties, and who was subject to one or other of the yearly Rates before-mentioned, a Sum equal to one Half

of his yearly Rate shall be due and payable for the Half Year immediately after his Death, by those who

have a Right to the Ann, where the Ann is by Law competent; and where no Ann is competent, the

fame, shall be paid by his Heirs and Executors; which Half Year’s Rate shall be paid in the Manner

herein-after directed at the first Term of Candlemas which shall happen a full Year after the Ann shall be

due and payable, where the Ann is competent; and where no Ann is competent, at the first Term

Of Candlemas which shall happen one full Year after the Death of such Minister, Head, Principal, or

Master,

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Benefice of the Church of Scotland, and

every Office of Head, Principal, or Master in any of the Universities aforesaid, that are now vacant, or

that hereafter shall become vacant, shall be subject and liable to the Sum of three Pounds and two Shil-

lings of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every Half Year during such Vacancy, payable in the Manner

herein-after directed at the Term of Candlemas happening twelve Calendar Months after the vacant Sti-

pends and Salaries respectively shall become due and payable.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Persons concerned in Payment of the

vacant Stipends and Salaries respectively may be duly apprised of the aforesaid Tax, the Moderators of

Presbyteries, and the Principalsof Univeffities,or their respective Clerks, are hereby required, within three

Calendar Months after these Rates shall, from Time to Time, fall due, to intimate the fame to the proper

Officers of the Crown where his Majesty is Patron, and to other Patrons or their Doers, or to the Heritors

and the Persons themselves, who are liable in Payment of the vacant Benefices or Salaries; which Intima-

tion shall be made by a Writing or Letter delivered to them personally, or left at their Dwelling-houses in

the Presence of two Witnesses; and the said Moderators and Principals, or their respective Clerks, are

hereby further required to acquaint the General Collector or Receiver herein-after named, of their having

made such Intimation by a Letter bearing the Time thereof; and if they shall neglect so to do, they shall

be liable for the full Expences and Damages which the Fund may sustain through such Default.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 7'hat the annual and other Rates payable by the

Ministers of the Church of Scotland, by the Heads, Principals, or Matters, in the Universities aforesaid*

or by those who have ceased, or shall cease to be Ministers, Heads, Principals, or Masters, and also the

Rates payable out of, or in respect of the Ann, and the Rates payable out of the vacant Stipends or Sala-

ries re/bedively as before enacted, shall be paid to the General Collector or Receiver herein-afrer named*,

at his Office in Edinburgh, within eleven Days after the respective Terms of Candlemas herein-befo'e ap-

Pointed; and in Default of such Payment being made within the said Time, the said Ministers, Heads,

rincipals. Mailers, and other Persons respectively liable in Payment of the fame, shall thereafter be sub-

jed to the lawful Interest of such Sums remaining unpaid.

XV1IL Provided always, That if Intimation shall not be made of the Sums payable out of the vacant Sti-

pends or Salaries respectively, to the Patrons or other Persons above mentioned, within the Time herein-

before required and appointed, the Interest of such Sums {hall not be exigible from those Patrons or Persons*

but shall be paid by the Moderators of Presbyteries or Principals of Universities, or their Clerks respectively,

in Default of their having neglected to make such Intimation.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid yearly Rates and other

Sums, payable by the present and future Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and by the present and fu-

ture Heads, Principals, and Matters, in the Universities aforesaid; and the aforesaid Sum of thirty Pounds*

lent on Bond to Ministers now in the Church, and to Heads, Principals, and Masters, now in the Uni-

verfities of Scotland, together with the Interest thereof, shall be privileged Debts, and preferable to all

other Debts of the said Ministers, Heads, Principals, and Masters, not only upon their Benefices and Sa-

laries respectively, but also upon their whole other personal Estate; and that the aforesaid Rates, payable

out of the Ann, or in respect of the Ann, shall be privileged Debts, and preferable to all the other per-

sonal Debts of those who have Right to the Ann, or to the personal Debts of the Heirs and Executors of

the Ministers, Heads, Principals, or Masters, where no Ann is competent; and that the aforesaid Rates*

payable out of the vacant Stipends or Salaries respectively, shall be a preferable Burthen upon the^ vacant

Stipend j

