520

C. 21.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

For paving the

Streets, and re-

moving Obstruc-

ttoot.

Proje&ions in or

over the Foot-

ways of the

Streets to be re-

moved.

Tenants to de-

duct the Ex-

igences out of

their Rents.

I x pence* of re-

moving prcjedl-

ing Windows,

Arc. how to be

defrayed.

If Occupiers ne-

fcleft to do the

Works directed

by this Act,

Co mmilTi oners

ipay cause them

to ie done, and

fr vy the Ex-

pen ces by Dif-

ticfs.

Monies to be ac-

counted 'or be-

tw rn Drr. *$,

and Match 25,

JMrly.

A.D. 1780.

three Days after such Swine, Beast, or Cattle, {hall be impounded, and public Notice thereof given* by

the Common Cryer that such Swine, Beast, or other Cattle, are so impounded for the Cause aforesaid, it

{hall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons as {hall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or

any seven or more of them, for that Purpose, to fell, or cause such Swine, Bead, or Cattle, to be sold,

and after deducing the Charge of impounding, crying, and Sale thereof, the Money arising from the

Sale shall be applied to such and the fame Purposes as the Money arising from the Rates or Assessments is

hereby directed to be applied.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Occupiers of all Houses, Build-

ings, Gardens, and Hereditaments, which do or shall adjoin to any Street, Lane, or Place, within the

said City, shall, at his, her, and their Cods and Charges respectively from Time to Time, within ten Days

next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by the Surveyor to be appointed by virtue of this Act,

cause the Ground before such Houses, Buildings, Gardens, or Hereditaments, in the said Streets, Lanes,

or Places, to be raised or lowered, and well and sufficiently pitched and paved, and all the Gutters or Chan-

nels to be turned and altered, and the Grates already placed or hereafter to be placed over any Sewers,

Drains, Watercourses, or Ditches, to be taken up, removed, altered, or replaced, and all Sewers, Drains,

Watercourses, and Ditches, to be opened, cleansed, repaired, and scoured, which belong to the aforesaid

Houses, Buildings, Gardens, and Hereditaments, and which ought of Right to be done by the Occupiers

or Owners thereof respectively, and the fame, and the several other Works to be done, as herein-after

mentioned, shall be done in such Manner, and in such Form, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or

more of them, {hall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and also the Occupiers of all Gar-

dens or Lands into or through which any Common Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, or Ditches, extend

within the said City or the Liberties thereof, {hall from Time to Time, within ten Days next after No-

tice for that Purpose given by the said Surveyor, cause such Common Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, or

Ditches, to be cleansed and scoured, and all Flood-gates or Stanks made or to be made therein to be

taken up and removed, at the Cods and Charges of such Occupiers respectively; and likewise every Oc-

cupier of any House or other Building, within any Street, Lane, or Place, within the said City, shall

take down, alter, and remove, all Posts, Steps, Bulks, Windows, Shew-boards, Shew glades, or other

ProjedUons, which do or shall encroach in or over or on the Footway in any Street, Lane, or Place afore-

said; and also take away, alter, and remove, all Doors opening in or leading from the said Footways into

any Cellar or Vault, and all Signs, Sign-posts, Sign-irons, P<3es, Penthoules, Boards, or other Annoy-

ances whatsoever, which shall be fixed to or against any House or other Building, or which {hall hereafter

be hung from any such House or other Building, within the Space of ten Days next after Notice in

Writing given by the said Surveyor for taking down, altering, or removing, all such Annoyances as afore-

said, and cause all such Signs and Sign-boards to be fixed and placed close to the Wall, or on the Front of

the Houses or other Buildings to which they respectively belong, at the Costs and Charges of the Occu-

piers of such Houses or Buildings; and all Occupiers of the aforesaid Houses, Buildings, Gardens, Lands,

and Hereditaments, are hereby authorised to dedudfc the Expences attending the several and respective

Works aforesaid out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents; and the Owners or Landlords of all such

Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Gardens, Lands, and Hereditaments, are hereby required to allow the

fame accordingly.

XV. Provided always. That one Moiety of the Expence of removing any Window or Proje&ion

hanging over the Footways in any of the said Streets, Lancs, or Places aforesaid, shall be defrayed by the

Occupier of the Building having such Window or Proje&ion, and the other Moiety out of the Rates or

Assessments granted by this A&; but no Occupier of any House shall be liable to pay more than five

Pounds on account of removing any such Window or Projection.

XVI. Provided also, That in case any such Occupier as aforesaid shall refofc or neglect to do and per-

form all or any of the several Works aforesaid, within the Time and in the Manner before directed, that

then, and in all or any of the Cafes aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commis-

sioners, or any seven or more of them, to cause the several Works aforesaid, or any of them, to be done

in such Manner and Form as they shall think fit to order and direct, and the Charges and Expences at-

tending the fame to be paid by such Occupiers as aforesaid who ought to do and perform the said Works

according to the Directions of this Act; and in case any such Occupier shall refute or neglect to pay all

such Charges and Expences, for the Space of Fourteen Days after such Charges and Expences shall be

demanded of him or her by the said Surveyor, or some other Officer belonging to the said Commissioners,

that then it shall and may be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace for the Lid City, upon Complaint

made to him by such Surveyor or other Officer, to cause all such Charges and Expences to be levied by

Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Occupier so neglecting or refuting as aforesaid, to-

gether with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the

Occupier whole Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That between the twenty-fifth Day of

December and the twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year, a fair and just Account shall be made out of

all Monies received and paid by virtue of this Act, and how, to whom, when, and for what Purposes the

fame shall have been laid out and expended; and a Copy or Duplicate thereof, signed by seven or more

of the said Commissioners so act'embled as aforesaid, shall be deposited with the Clerk to the said Com-

missioners, who is hereby required to permit any Person, rated or assessed as aforesaid, to inspect the fame at

all fcasonable Times, paying one Shilling for such Inspection; and shall upon Demand forthwith give Co-

pies of the fame, or any Part thereof, to any such Person paying at the Rate of three Pence for every one

hundred Words, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words; which Account and

Copy or Duplicate the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby impowered and re-

quired to caytc to be written out and signed, and delivered accordingly.

XVIII.

