A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. C. 8—-11. 179

Liberty to appeal to the Justices at their next subsequent Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorised and

empowered to hear and determine the Matters in Dispute, and whose Judgment therein shall be final and “*u

concJufive. ,

XXIX. Provided always, That it shall be no Objection to any Person aftinjg as a Justice of the Peace Trafteramay

in any Matter or Thing relative to this Act, that he is thereby appointed a Trustee, excepting when a Justicei.

Complaint shall be against him personally, and in that Cafe he shall not fit or aft as'a Justice of the

Peace.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Actions or Complaints for sail Limitation of

and every the Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or for any Wrong done, or Injury suffered in AOiona.

any Matter relative thereto, or in consequence of any of the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall

be commenced within the Space of six Calendar Months after the Penalty or Forfeiture is incurred, or

Wrong done, or Injury fuffered, and not afterwards.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Expence of passing this Act, as (settled Expenses #f this

and allowed at the first Meeting of the said Trustees appointed to put this Act into Execution, shall be

defrayed and levied by a Tax upon the Heritors or Land-owners within the said County of WigUn, ac-

cording to the Valuation of their respective Lands, and to be coll eft ed by the Collector or the Land Tax,

or any other Person appointed by the General Meeting of the Trustees aforesaid for the said County.

And it is especially provided and declared, that no Trustees shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed a public Public Act.

Act; and all Judges and Justices, arid others, are hereby required judicially to take Notice thereof as such,

without the fame being specially pleaded.

CAP. VIII*

> An Act to enable his Majesty to license a Theatre in the City of Bristol

x \\J HEREAS a licensed Theatre or Playhouse is desired in the City of Bristol:* May it therefore Preamble*

W please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That so much of an Act of Par-

liament, made in the tenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act to explain and amend fi

much of an Afty made in,the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, 44 An Act for reducing the

*4 Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into one Act of Parliament;

“ and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and

fending them whither they ought to befent;” as relates to common Players oj Interludes)* whereby all

Persons are discharged to represent any Entertainment of the Stage whatever, in virtue of Letters Patent

from his Majesty, or by Licence of the Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty’s Household for the Time being,

except within the Liberties of Westminster, or where his Majesty is residing for the Time being; be, and

the fame is hereby repealed, with reipeft to the said City of Briftol\ and that it shall and may be lawful HI# Majesty em-

for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre or Playhouse powered to grant

within the said City of Bristol, which shall be entitled to all the Privileges, and subjected to all the Regu-

lations, to which any Theatre or Playhouse in Great Britain is entitled and subjected*

CAP. IX.

An Act for taking down the Parifc Church of Lilford, being a Vicarage united to the Rectory of Achurch,

in the County of Northampton; and for repairing the Parish Church of Achurch aforesaid; and for other

Purposes therein mentioned.

ttert Patent

for eftabiiAing a

Theatre at Bris-

toL

CAP. X.

An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign

of King George the Second, for building a Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy’s

Ferry; and for making, repairing, and widening Roads from thence into the Great Roads at Snaresbrook,

in the County of Essex, and at Clapton, in the County of Middlesex.

CAP. XI.

An Act for repealing an Act, pafifed in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Feign,

intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Government of the Province of the Mafiachuleta

Bay in New England.

4 II 7 HEREAS the Province of the Massachusets Bay had for many Years been governed under a Preamble.

4 Vy Charter, granted by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary: And whereas an Act,

4 passed in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better regulating A&i4 Geo, IlJ*

the Government of the Province of the Massachusets Bay in New England, has been found to create great recited,

Uneafmeffes in the Minds of the Inhabitants of the said Province, and has occasioned Jealousies and Ap-

*4 prehensions of Danger to their Liberties and Rights in several others of the Colonies and Plantations in

4 North America: For quieting and extinguishing such Uneafmeffes and Apprebenfions,’ be it enacted by

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by ana with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral,

