A. D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georg 11 IN. C. 7, 8; 315

Sexton, and other Officers and Attendants as aforesaid, and for the Repairs of the said Church or Ch2pel,

and Church or Chapel Yard, with the Walls, Gates, Oigan, Hells, Clock, and other Things to the fame

respectively belonging or appertaining, and for other the Purposes of this Act, the fame shall he paid by

the find Church or Chapel Wardens or Warden, or his Extcuiois or Administrators, to the said Charles

Roe, his Heirs or Assigns.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Charles Roe, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, Mr. R<* to pay

shall, and he and they are hereby required, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thou- Xu°n Ju Jion

sand seven hundied and seventy-nine, to pay, or cause to be paid, into the Hands of the Vicar of Prefl- of^hTcnapcl"

bury for the Time being, rhe Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be applied for the Purpose of augmenting *of R-i.iow and

the Maintenance of the Ministers of the Chapels of Rest now and Saltersford, witlbn the said rarish of SaUisford:

Prejlbury, or of augmenting the Maintenance of the Minifhr of either of the said Chapels singly, or of

any other Chapel or Chapels within the said Parish, at the Discretion of the Vicar of Piejlbury\or the

T ime being, in the Manner directed by and in pursuance of an Act, made in the second and third Years

of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled. An Act for the making more effectual her Majcjlyt

gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant,

in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the Fir/i Fruits and Tenths, and a If for enabling any ether Perf ns to make

Grant3 for theJame Purpose.

X XiL Provided always. That if the said Charles Roe, his Heirs or Assigns, shall neglect or refuse to pay the On Failure

said Sum of two hundred Pounds for the Purpose aforesaid, in Manner and within the Time herein-before t/blvoid^

directed, this Act shall be, and is hereby declared to be, null and void.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enabled and declared. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, R-*hr?of the

or be construed to extend, to prejudice, impeach, or defeat, any Right, Title, Interest, Claim, or Dc- Vicar^e of

tnand, of the Vicar of the said Parish of Prejlbury, or his Successors, of or to any Tythes, Offerings, Sur- Hreit‘’“ry.n°r ta‘

plice-fees, ()bl itions, Obventions, or other Ecclesiastical Rights, Dues, Fees, Duties, Benefits, or Ad- prcjadic

vantages, arising within the said Parish of Prejlbury, and belonging to the said Vicar or his Successors

slave the Right of Nomination to the said Church or Chapel), but the said Tythes, Offerings, Surplice-

fees, Oblations, Obventions, and other Ecclesiastical Rights, Dues, Fees, Duties, Benefits, and Advan-

tages, shall be paid and payable in the same Manner as they were respectively before the paNing of this

Act, or would or ought to have been, in case the fame had not been made, any Thing in this Act contained

to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV Saving always, to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to all and Cener.il Saving*

every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their respective Heirs, of Rights.

Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than the said Charles Roe, his Heirs and Assigns), all such

I (late, Right, Title, and Inteieft, as they, every or any of them, might have or claim, in as fuss and

ample Manner and Form as if this Act had not been made.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act ; and all Public AftU

Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, arc hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, with-

out ipeually pleading the same.

CAP. vnr.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. IX.

An Act for allowing the Importation of fine organized Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or

VeflTds, for a limited l ime.

* T T WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King Iff Hi am Preamble*

4 VV and Queen Mary (intituled, An Act for the Jifcouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk), amongst

c oth*T Tnings in the said Act contained, the bringing in of Thrown Silk of the Growth or Production

4 of Italy is prohibited, uni .fs imported in such Ships or Vessels, and navigated in such Manner, as in and

4 by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An Act for

c the enecu aging and increasng of Shipping and Navigation), is directed and allowed, and brought from

4 feme of the Ports of those Countries or Places whereof the fame is the Growth or Production, and

4 which shall come directly by Sea, and not otherwise : And whems there is at present very great and

4 immediate Want cf organized Thrown Silk from Italy, for the Use and Purpnfe of Warp in the Silk

4 Manufctftnre, without which the Manufacture cannot be carried on, and many Thousands of Manufac-

4 turers mult be unemployed •/ he it therefore enacted by the King's mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and ConlVnt of the Lords Spiritual and 'Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

sfiembkd, and by 1 he Authority of the same. That it fhdl and may be lawful to and for any Pe ion or maybe" Ported

Persons to import or bring into this Kingdom from any Port or Place, or in any Snip or Vessel whatfo- in any V>fiV,

fofver, until the Exp ration of Twenty Days afrer the Commencement of the n^xt Session of Parliament,

organized Thrown bilk of the Growth or Production of Italy, any Tiling contained in the said recited

Acts, o- any other Act, to the contrary thereof no'wnhfhnding.

il. Provided aiwavs, T hat this Act, nor any Thing herein contained, fh 11 extend to give Liberty to Certain K n^s

Import any Italian Thrown S'lk. that fh 11 be coarser than a So t thereof known and thfc ngmOvd hv the of Thrown Mile

Name of Third Polenta, nor any Soir« of Slks commonly called Tram. of the G owth of Italy nnr any to wni.h the

other Thrown 5rk of the Growth or Production of Turkey, Pefia, East India, or China, under the Penalty nrVby-

of forfeiting all <uth Thrown Si ks as shall he brought over and imported contrary to tee Pu.port, true In- pvcn. 'ftalinot,

tent, and Meaning of this Act 5 One Mtivty whereof to the Use of his Majesty, his ticirs and Successors, exteud*.

doogle

and turn

Piic-, fra li-

mited Time.

