A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. C. 44.

c the said Companies have been enlisted for different Periods of Service than were intended by such Act;

4 for bntcr Security to Persons who have enlisted themselves therein, and for greater Certainty for the

4 future/ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afllmbled, and by the

Authority of the same. That all Persons who have enlisted themselves in any Volunteer Company raised

in pursuance of the said Act, for the Term of three Years unless sooner discharged, or for the Term of

three Years, or as Private Soldiers therein without any Time expressed, shall be entitled to their Discharge

at the Expiration of three Years from the Time of their Inrolment, or at such Time within the said three

Years as the Militia shall be disembodied, or at such earlier Period as his Majesty shall tnink fit to reduce

the Volunteer Companies.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Persons as shall have enlisted themselves in any Volunteer

Company of Militia, raised in pursuance of the said Act, to serve in the fame for three Years, or during the

War, or to serve during the present War, or to serve according to the Provisions of the said Act off the

last Session of Parliament, shall not be entitled to their Discharge till the Militia shall be disembodied, or

till such earlier Period as his Majesty shall think fit to reduce the Volunteer Companies.

Mi.ilia shall be

III. And be it further enacted and declared. That all Persons that dial!, after the first Day of July,

one thousand seven hundred and eighty, enlist themselves in Companies raised or to be raised in pursuance

of the said Act, shall be enlisted to serve till such Time as the Militia shall be disembodied, or till such

earlier Period as his Majesty shall think fit to reduce the Volunteer Companies, and for no other Period

whatsoever.

be enlisted after

IV. And whereas several Persons have been engaged to serve as Militia Men, Substitutes, and Vo-

4 lunteers, in several Militia Regiments, Battalions, and Independent Companies, out of the Counties to

4 which such Regiments, Battalions, or Independent Companies, respectively belong, and not being Na-

4 tives of the fame, and have been sworn in and inrolled by Deputy Lieutenants acting out of their re-

4 spective Counties, or by the Chief Magistrate or Justices of the Peace not of such Counties to which

4 such Corps of Militia belong: And whereas the several Provisions of the Militia Laws respecting the

4 engaging, swearing in, and inrolling, Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, have not in such Cafes

4 been observed / be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the engaging, swearing in, and inroll-

ing of all such Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, previous to the fifteenth Day of May, one thou-

sand seven hundred and eighty, shall be valid and effectual, as if the several Provisions relating thereto had

been observed; and that all such Militia Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, shall be deemed Militia

Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that the said Deputy

Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace, Officers, and Non-commissioned Officers of

Militia, shall be, and they are hereby indemnified for such their Proceedings therein respectively.

4 V. And whereas by an Act passed in the second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An

4 Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the J'tveral Laws now in being relating to the

4 raising and training the Militia^ within that Part of Great Britain called England; certain Powers are

4 given to Deputy Lieutenants in the Absence of the Lieutenant of any County out of the Kingdom,

4 which Powers in certain Cafes have been found to be inefficient;’ be it further enacted, That the

several Powers granted to Lieutenants of Counties by an Act, passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign

of King Gecrge the Third, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual the Laws relating to the

raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to establish certain Re-

gulations with respect to Officers serving in the Corps of Fencible Men dire die a to be raised in that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland, and certain other Corps therein mentioned; so far as relates to the appointing Of-

ficers to command certain Volunteer Companies authorised by the said Act, and also the several Powers

granted to, and the several Acts required from, Lieutenants of Counties, by an Act passed in the nine-

teenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act to explain, amende and render

more effieftual, the several Laws now in being relating to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom; and for making

certain Provisions relative to the Fencible Alen in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; so far as respect

the Qualifications, Removal, or Appointment of Officers in certain Cafes therein mentioned; and also

the several Powers granted to Lieutenants of Counties, by an Act pafl'ed in the nineteenth Year of the

Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Militia, shall, during the Absence

of the Lieutenants of any County out of this Kingdom, be executed by, and are hereby required from,

such Deputy Lieutenants as now are, or hereafter (hall be, appointed in pursuance of the Ad first above-

mentioned.

VI. And whereas Commissions have been granted, by Deputy Lieutenants so appointed, to Officers

4 to command Volunteer Companies, and Doubts may arise whether the Powers of such Deputy Lieu-

tenants extend thereto/ be it further enacted, That such Commissions, granted to Officers properly

qualified according to the Militia Laws, shal lbe, and they are hereby declared to be, valid and effectual;

and the said Deputy Lieutenants and Officers are hereby respectively indemnified for issuing or acting

under such Commissions.

4 D 2

CAP.

S67

When Miliri*

Men, in thr Vo-

lunteer Compa-

nies, /hall be en-

titled to their

Discharge.

Mili'ia Men en-

lifted to serve

during the War,

See. not entitled

to 'heir Dif-

ch?.rge till the

disembodied, &(

Limitation of

the Time rf S?r-

*.cr of all Mi i-

tia Men in Vo

lunteer Compa-

nirs, who shall

July I, 1780.

Preamble ;

reciting that De-

puty Lieutenant*,

Uc, have sworn

in and inrolled

several Militia

Men contrary to*'

some Provisions

of Militia Laws

All such swear-

ing in and in-

rolling previous

to May 15, 1780,

deemed valid:

and the said De-

puty Lieute-

nants, Scc, in-

demnified.

Several Powers

granted to Lieu-

tenants of Coun-

ties by the fol-

lowing A&»,

18 Geo. III«

C'P. 591

79 Geo. III.

Cap. 72.

and 19 Geo. III.

Cap.7S;

shall, during the

Abience of loch

Lieutenants out

of the Kingdom,

be executed by

Deputy Lieute-

nants.

Commissions

granted by De-

puty Lieute-

nants deemed

valid and such

Deputy Lieute-

nants and Of-

ficers indemni-

fied.

