The TITLES of the STATUTES.

40. An Act for better securing the Duties on Starch,

41. An Act for granting a Drawback of the Duties, im-

posed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, upon

all foreign Wines exported from Great Britain to any

British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any Bn-

tish Settlement in the East Indies.

42. An Act to enable the Trustees for putting in Exe-

cution an Act of the niitth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for building a Bridge at Worcester, over

the River Severn, and for opening convenient Avenues to

the said Bridge, to finifn and complete the said Bridge,

and to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Exe-

cution.

43. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of

Small Debts within the Soake of HorncafUe, and Wa-

pentakes of IVraggoe and Gartree (except the Parish of

Great Sturton)9 and within the Wapentakes of Louth

EJke, Ludborough92ndCalceworthy and Parishesof Wrangle y

Leake, L evert on 9 Benington9 Butterwieky Freifhn9 and

Fijhtofty in the Hundred of Skirbeck, in the County of

Lincoln.

44. An Act for the further Relief of Protestant Dissenting

Ministers and Schoolmasters.

4$. An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the

Duchy of Lancojler to sell and dispose of certain Fee-

farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copy-

hold and Customary Tenements, within their Survey,

and to encourage the Growth of Timber on Lands held

of the said Duchy.

46. An Act for building a new Gaol and House of Cor-

rection for the County of Pembroke.

47. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and

to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have

omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications

within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further

Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members

and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough

Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be

stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped,

have be*n lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time

to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further

Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file

Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to

Attcrnies and Solicitors.

48. An Act to explain so much of an Act, made in the

twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

intituled, An Act for the encouraging and encreasing of

Shipping and Navigation9 as relates to the importation

into this Kingdom, and other his Majesty’s Dominions,

of Goods and Commodities of the Growth or Produc-

tion of Africa, AJia, or Americay which are manufac-

tured in foreign rarts; for preventing Matters of Ships

removing their Vefll ls out of the Stream, except to the

lawful Quays in the Port of London, before the Goods

are discharged, or their Vefi'els are cleared by the proper

Officers inwards or outwards; and for allowing the Of-

ficers of the Custorr.s and Excise to make use of Lights

on board Ships in the Haven, Dock, or Bason, at the

Port of Kingjhn upon Hull.

49. An Act to prevent Abuses in the Payment of Wages

to Persons employed in the Bone and Thread Lace

Manufactory.

50. An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds by pri-

vate Distillers, and for the better securing the Duties on

Low Wines and Spirits.

51. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on

Licences to be taken out by all Persons letting Horses to

Hire for travelling in the Manner therein mentioned; and

certain Duties on all Horses let to Hire for the Purposes

S

of travelling Post, and by Time; and upon certain Car-

riages therein mentioned.

52. An Act for taking off the Duty upon all Salt used in

the curing of Pilchards, and laying a proportionable

Duty upon all Pilchards confirmed at Home only.

53. An Act for discontinuing the Duties on Cotton-woolf

the Growth and Product of the British Colonies or Plant-

ations in Americay exported from this Kingdom.

54. An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time*

an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorise, for a

Ihnited Timey the Punishmenty by hard Labour, of Offendersy

vuhoy for certain Crimes, are or shall become liable to be

transported to any of his Mcjcjiy s Colonies and Plant*

ations.

55. An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the

Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in

Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

56. An Act for altering, amending, and enforcing, f

much of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken

out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers 5 and certain Rates

and Duties on all Lanas, Houses y Goods, and other Things,

sold by Auction\ and upon Indent ures9 Leafes, Bonds, Dcedsr

and other Instruments; as relates to the Method of grant-

ing Licences to Auctioneers, and to the collecting ther

Duties on Estates and Goods sold by Auction.

57. An Act for the better providing of a Maintenance for

the Vicar of the Parish of The Trinity, in the City of

Coventry. v

58. An Act for preservine the Navigation of the River

Lee9 in the Counties of Hertford, EffeXy and Middlesex.

59. An Act for repealing the Duties on all inhabited^

Houses, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of

Parliament, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties

upon all inhabited Houses in Great Britain, and for

amending the said Act; and also for amending so much

of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, as imposes a Duty upon all Ser-

vants retained or employed in the several Capacities

therein mentioned.

60. An Act for establift)me certain Payments to be made

to the Vicar of the Parish of Saint Michael in the City*

of Coventry for the Time being in Lieu of Tithes; and

for repealing so much of an Act of the fourth and fifth*

of Philip and Mary as relates to the Payment of Tithes

in the said Parish.

61. An Act for continuing in the Possession of the United

Company of Merchants of England trading to the East

Indies, for a limited Time, and under certain Condi-

tions, the Territorial Accjuifitions and Revenues lately

obtained in the jEa/t Indies; and for continuing, for a

limited Time, so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An

Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Ala-

nagement of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well

in India as in Europe, as will expire in the Course o€

the present Year.

62. An Act to permit the Removal of Lime, and other

Articles necessary for the Improvement of Land, with-

out Cocquet or Bond.

63. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One

thousand (even hundred and seventy-nine.

64. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loan?

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

65. An Act for the further Augmentation of the Salaries

of the Puifnc Justices of the Courts of King’s Bench and

Common.

