A.D. 177 8.Anno decimo octavo Georgii IIL C. 52.

IV. And be it further enacted,* That all and every Person and Persons, whose Narie or Names shall be

inserted in any such Lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, who, upon the said twenty-eighth Day of January,

one thousand (even hundred and seventy-eight, were really and truly Prisoners in the actual Custody of any

Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any Prison respectively of this Kingdom, and did not come into or get his,

her, or their Names entered in the Book of any Gaol or Prison as a Prisoner or Prisoners there, with a

View or Dr fig n to take the Benefit of some Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and who shall take the

Oath herein-after mentioned, and shall perform, on his or her Part, what is required to be done by him or

her by this Act, shall be for ever released and discharged from his or her Imprisonment, in such Manner as

hereafter is provided.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall have been arrested and in

actual Custody of an Officer, for any Sum or Sums of Money by virtue of any Writ or Process, issuing out

of any Court of Record, and held to Bail thereon, and which Bail shall be upon Record, on or before the

tenth Day o{January* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and who shall have, on or before

the twelfth Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, (urrendered him, her, or

themselves, in Discharge of his, her, or their Bail, and shall thereupon have been committed to Prison,

every such Person or Persons shall, upon due Proof of the Premises upon Oath, be discharged from his,

her, or their Impiifonment, in like Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually in Prison on the

twenty-eighthDay of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, subje£t, nevertheless, to

the fame Restrictions and Provisions, and a Compliance with the like Terms, Conditions, and Qualifica-

tions, herein-before impoled upon Persons actually in Custody on the twenty-eighth Day of January, one

thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and also subject to the fame Terms and Conditions relating to

the Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace

of any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, upon the Pe-

tition of any such Prisoner or Prisoners to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, within his or their respec-

tive Jurisdictions, upon every such Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning, and, at the Time of his or her so

petitioning, leaving with the Justice or Justices of the Peace who shall be so petitioned, a true Copy of the

Schedule, containing his or her intended Diicovery of his or her real and peifonal Estate, to be (worn to

at the first or second General Quarter Section next ensuing after every such Petition, or some Adjournment

thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff'or Sheriffs,'

Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any such Prison within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, to

bring before the Justices, at the first or second next General Quarter Session or General Session of the

Peace, or any Adjournment thereof to be held, as the Cafe shall happen to he, next after the Expiration of

ten Days from the Date of such Warrant, for such respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town,

Place, or Liberty, the Bod^ of any Person being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrant or

Warrants of his or'her Detainer, together with a C^pv or Copies of the Cause or causes which he, (he, or

they, is or are charged with in any such Gaol or Prison as aforesaid, at the Time aforesaid; for which

Copy or Copies of Cause or causes, such Prisoner shall apply to the said Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison,

or to the Clerk of the Papers, or other Person who shall make cut and transcribe the fame, at least fix

Days before the Time of his or her Discharge; and such Prisoner shall pay for the fame the Sum of two

Shillings, and no more, for making out, transcribing, and signing the fame; which Warrant of every such

Justice or Justices, every such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Gaoler or Keeper, is and are hereby commanded to

obey.

VII. And be it also enabled. That the Copy of every Schedule which shall be left with any such Justice

or J uffices, shall, within ten Days after the fame shall be so left, be transmitted by the Justice or Justices,

with whom the fame shall be so left, to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Cleik, or other Officer acting as

Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the

fame shall have been so left, there to remain and be inspe<EK*J, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall re-

quire, by any Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall desire to inspedt the fame.

VIII. And be it also enacted, That every such Justice or Justices who shall refuseor omit, for the Space

of ten Days, to transmit the Copy of the Schedule, so left with him as aforesaid, to the Clerk of the Per.ce,

Town Clerk, or other Officer a&irg as Clerk of the Peace, for the County, Riding, Division, City,

Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the fame dull have been so left, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit

and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; which shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record at WcflmirjUr, by Action of Debt, together with Costs of Suit, in the Name of any Per-

son who shall prosecutc for the fame; and one Moiety of which Money forfeited shall, when recovered,

.go to the Party who profccutes for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish in

which the Offence shall be committed.

IX. And be it further enadlrd. That all and every Prisoner and Prisoners, who shall intend to petition

to be disch-itged under this Aff, as aforesaid, shall first cause public Notice to be inserted in three several

London Gazettes* previous to such General Quarter Session or General Session, or the Adjournment thereof,

at which rhe said Prisoner or Prisoners shall apply to be discharged from any Gaol in London, or within the

weekly Bills of Mortality; and if such Prisoner shall be in Custody in any Gaol out of London, or the

weekly Bills of Mortality, then also in some Newspaper, which shall be published,in or near the County,

Riding, Division. City, Town, Liberty, or Place, in the Gaol whereof he or flic shal! be so in Custody;

containing the Name, Trade, and Occupation, and two last Places of Abode, if so many, of every such

Prisoner and Prisoners, and the Prison wherein he, she, or they, is or are confined, and of his, her, or

their Intention to take the Benefit of this Act; and mentioning such Notice in each Gazette or Newspaper,

to be the first, second, or third Notice, according to the Time of publishing each of such Notices; and

for the infciting of each of which said several Notices in the said Gazette, or in any other Newspaper, there

8 shall

' ^.c

257

Persons inserted

in the Lifts

biing Prisonert,

without a frau-

dulent Inten-

tion on Jan. 28,

17

an J conforming

to this A&, shall

be discharged.

Persons aritfted*

for Debt, and

h-rld to Bail, on

or before Jan.

10, 1778, fur-

rendering thorn-

fclvei cn or

before feb. it,

>778,

and conforming

to «hii AO, shall

be discharged.

Justices, on Pe-

tition of any

Prisoner, and

his delivering a

S' hedule of hit

Estate,

may ifTiC their

Warrant for

bringing him tQ-

the (Quarter

SeiTions, Arc.

with the War-

rant of his

Detainer, &c.

Schedule of the

Prilontr’s Estate

to be transmitted

to the Cleric of

the Peace,

for InspeOion

of Creditors.

Any Justice-

omitting for ten

Days to trans nit

a Copy of the

Schedule to tho

Clerk of the

Peace, Arc. shall

forfeit 101.

Prisoners in*

tending to peti«

tion for their

Discharge, are

to jrive previous

Notice thrice in

the Gazette, Arc.

Content* of tht

Notice.

ad. to be pdd

eai h Tirre for

inferring No-

tices. T

ogle

