920

Tabic cf Fees j

To bclning

in the Court*

house.

Cofti in no Cafe

to exceed 15 s.

Penalty on Offi-

cers taking

greater Feet#

Clerk and Ser-

jeants may be

displaced for

Mtfbehariottr*

NoCommission-

er. Set. to act

where inte rest ed.

C. 34. Anno deeimo octavo Gborgi j III. A. D. 1778.

XX- And be it further enpfted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Feds herein-after liVnited

and expressed, and no other, ihadl be taken by the Clerk or Serjeants, or their Successors, tot his and their

several and respective Services in the Execution of this Act; (that is to say)

2# the CLERK.

For entering every Cause, Sixpence.

Forlffuing every Summons, Sixpence*

For every Subpoena, Sixpence.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, Threepence*

For every Hearing or Trial, Sixpence.

For fwcaring every Witness, Plaintiff, or Defendant, Threepence*

For every Order, Judgment, or Decree, Sixpence.

For a Nonsuit, Sixpence.

For every Search in the Books, Threepence.

For paying Money into Court, Sixpence.

— If by Jnftalments, Sixpence in the'Pound more.

For taking Money out of Court, and acknowledge g Satisfaction in the Clerk's Book, Sixpence*

For every Attachment, Sixpence.

For every Execution, Sixpence.

For every Warrant of Commitment for an Insult oi Misbehaviour in the Court, or to the Comm i Stoners*

Clerks, or Officers of the Court, one Shilling.

To the SERJEANTS.

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or Subpoena, if within any of the Towns of Spil/by, Sibfey%

Burgh, and IVainfleet All Saints, and attending the Court with the Return thereof, Sixpence.

---If out of any of the said Towns, Threepence more for every Mile.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, one Penny.

For executing every Attachment, Execution, or Warrant, against the Body or Goods, one Shilling.

— If out of any of the Towns of Spil/by, Sibfey> Burgh, or IVainjlcct All Saint j. Threepence more fojf

every Mile.

For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, or Delinquent, toPrifon, Sixpence for every Mile*

A Table of which Fees shall, from Time to Time, be hung up, by the Clerk of the said Courts, in (bmf

conspicuous Part or Parts of the said Court-house or Court-houses, Place or Places, where the said Coxn-

missioners shall meet, so that all Persons concerned may fee and examine the fame.

XXI. Provided always. That no Cods to be given, awarded, or allowed, by the said Commissioners*

iball, in any Cafe whatsoever, exceed the Sum of fifteen Shillings.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Clerk, or any of the Serjeants

of the said Court, for the Time being, shall take or demand any greater or other Fees or Reward than

what are herein-before mentioned, for his or their Service in the Execution of this Act, he and they shall,

for every such Offence^ forfeit and pay such Fine (not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than

ten Shillings) as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall assess and impose, to be ap-

plied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Clerk, or any of the Ser-

jeants, shall be guilty of any Misbehaviour, either by Neglc<\or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fees

than before mentioned, or otherwise, in the Execution of their respective Offices, that then, upon Com-

plaint, and due Proof thereof made upon Oath, in open Court, the said Commissioners, or the major Part

of them then fitting, are hereby directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be

summoned, by an Advertisement to be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated within the said

Soake and Wapentake, to meet at a convenient Time and Place; and the Commissioners then present, not

being less than eleven in Number, shall and may examine and consider the Merits of such Complaint; and

if it mail appear to such Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that the Clerk, or any of the Serjeants,

have been guilty .of such Misbehaviour or Breach of Duty as aforesaid, in his Office, it shall and may be

lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then assembled, to dismiss or remove

such Clerk or Serjeant from his said Office, and to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person to execute

the said Office of Clerk or Serjeant, in the Room and Place of him so dismissed and removed as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commissioner of the said

Court for the Time being shall be Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such

Person shall not be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the hearing and determining such Cause, or

making any Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, but after being heard in the said Cause, shall withdraw

from the said Court until the fame is finally determined ; and if the Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court for

the Time being shall be a Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Clerk or

Serjeant shall not exercise his said Office in the said Cause, or in any Thing relating thereto, but the Com-

missioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at such Court, shall and may depute and appoint

another Person to exercise the said Office of Clerk or Serjeant respectively, in all Things relative to such

Cause. '

4 XXV. And, for the better enforcing the Orders and Decrees from Time to Time to be made by the

* said Commissioners, and that the Commissioners, and the Clerk and Officers of the said Court, may be

* inverted with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse j’ be it enacted

S by

