*58

0

Co mnr>i (Tinner*

c-’itlh*u(c 1 a t

Court of Justice.

Theii S ylc.

Meeting! ap-

pomicd.

For want of a

fufikicnt Num-

ber to •£!, Clerk

to adjourn the

Court.

Commissioner*

Powers.

When Com mi f-

fioneradie, or

refuse to act,

new ones to be

chosen.

First Clerk* and

Scijeant*.

Visuallers, dec.

not to bold any

Place of Profit.

Clerks and Ser-

jeafits how to be

elected.

t)oty of the

Clcikij

fnd Serjeants.

C. 62. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. A.. D. 1777.

mentioned; and such Commissioners, and their Successors, are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by

the Name and Style of The Court of Requcjls for the several Parishes of Surjleet, Gcfberton, Quadring, Do-

nington, Bicker, Swinejhead, IVigtoft, Sutter ton * Algarkirk, Fofdikc, Kir ton. Fra mp ton, Wiherton, and Bro-

ther toft, within the Hundred of Kirton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln; and they the said

Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and are hereby authorised, impowered, and required

to meet, assemble, and hold the said Court in the Towns of Donington, Kirton, and Gofierton, alternately

and by Turns, once in every Fortnight (to wit) on every Friday Fortnight, or oftener if there shall be

Occasion, in a Court-houie, or some convenient Place, to be provided by the major Part of the Com-

missioners, who shall be assembled at some General Meeting to be held for that Purpose ; which General

Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be for the first Fortnight at Donington aforesaid, on the Friday

Fortnight next after the passing of this Act; and for the second Fortnight at Kirton aforesaid, on the Friday

four Weeks next after the palTing of this Act; and for the third Fortnight at Gofberton aforesaid, on the

Friday six Weeks next after the passing of this Act; and for the fourth Fortnight at Donington again, on

the same Day of the Week ; and io on in Succefiion and Rotation.

II. Provided nevertheless, That in case three or more of the said Commissioners, appointed or to be

appointed by virtue of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to assemble on any of the Days appointed for hold-

ing the said Court, that then it {hull and may be lawful to and for the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court,

or his or their Deputy or Deputies for the l ime being, to adjourn the said Court to some other convenient

Day, within a Fortnight from the Day on which the said Court ought to have been held, or until the next

General Court Day, to be held by Rotation as aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Commissioners so named and appointed,

and their Successors, to be chosen as herein-after is mentioned, or any three of more of them, from Time

to Time afi'embled as aforesaid, shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to hear and deter-

mine all such causes and Matters of Debt as shall be brought before them, in Manner as hereafter is men-

tioned, and to give such Judgments, and to make such interlocutory and final Orders and Decrees therein,

and to award such Execution thereupon, with Colts, both against the Bodies and the Goods and Chattels

of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give or make any such Judgment, Order,

or Decree, as to them shall seem joft and moll agreeable to Equity and good Confidence; and if the Com-

miffiorers, so assembled, shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question that may come before them,

the Commissioner present, whose Name (lands first on the Lift of the Commissioners directed to be kept in

the Court-house or Place where they shall respectively meet, shall have the casting Vote.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from Time to Time, and as often as

it shall be necessary, either by the Death of any of the said Commissioners herein-before particularly

named, or of any of their Successors, to be chosen in Manner herein-after mentioned, or by his or their

refusing or neglecting, for the Space of twelve Months, to act herein, it shall and may be lawful to and

for the Commissioners hereby appointed, and such their Successors, or any eleven or more of them, to meet

and assemble together, at any Time after such Death, Refusal, or Negle£t to ad, and to elect and appoint

one or more Commissioner or Commissioners in the Stead and Place of such Commissioner or Commissioners

dying or refusing to ad; and every such Commissioner so elected and appointed shall be, and is hereby

enabled to ad in the Execution of the Powers granted to the Commissioners hereby appointed, as fully ana

effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they had been particularly named in this Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That John Atkinson and Jonathan Gleed, Gen-

tlemen, shall be, and are hereby constituted and appointed Clerks of the said Court of Reauefts ; and that

Stiles Mapletoft, William Steevenfon, and James Rohertfon, shall be, and are hereby constituted and ap-

pointed Serjeants of the >said Court of Requests; who shall continue Clerks and Seajeants of the said

Courts so long as they shall behave themselves well in their respective Offices.

VI. Provided always, That no Commissioner, or any Person or Persons who shall keep any Victualling-

house, Ale-house, or other House of any public Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer,

Ale, spirituouspr other strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of holding the Office of Clerk, or any

other rlace of Profit belonging to the said Court.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall happen that the Place

of Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court shall become vacant, either by Death, Resignation, or Mifbeha-

viour, the Commissioners for the Time being, or any eleven or more of them, shall meet at some conve-

nient Place, as soon as conveniently may be after such Vacancy shall happen, and a Majority of the said

Commissioners so met, are hereby authorised and required to chuse and appoint another fit Person to be

Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court during his good Behaviour.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks herein-before named and

chosen, and their Successors, so from Time to Time to be chosen and appointed, or his or their lawful

Deputy or Deputies, shall make and cause to be fixed up in some convenient Part of each of the said

Court-houses, fair and complete Lifts in Writing, of the Commissioners herein named and appointed, or

to be elected and appointed as aforesaid ; and shall also, and are hereby impowered and required to ifltie,

or cause to be issued out, all Summonses, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, and Precepts, and to re-

gifter and enter, or cause to be registered and entered, all causes, Orders, Decrees, and Judgments, and

other Acts and Proceedings of the said Court, in proper Books to be provided by them, and kept for that

Purpose; and that the Serjeant and Serjeants herein-before named and chosen, or from Time to Time to

be chosen and appointed as aforesaid, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall, and are hereby

impowered and required to serve and execute, or cause to be served and executed, all such Summonses,

Orders, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, Executions, and Precepts, and to do and perform all such

Acts, Matters, and Things, as arc herein directed and appointed to be done by them.

IX. And

