P *c^ of Sf a rh

of 'h ch no Ac*

rrunt I..t<* h.‘en

taken in the

Hoy, thr M. ker

fh«i[ fcrfat

hu!,

St irchmaker

mixing the

Su'di-Wits rs

of dirt's rent Ma-

kings, while h'S

Starch is under

Water, shall tot-

feh ioo 1. ex-

cept it be done

St irch maker re-

moving any

Starch, after it

is dried, out of

his S*o»e, &c.

before weighing,

and an Account

thereof taken by

an Officer, rtiall

forfeit loo 1,

And concealing

Starch, with Io-‘

tent to defraud

his MaHby,

/hall forfeit

ioo 1.

St arch maker

« l firuthng Of-

ficer in pet form-

ing hi? Duty,

to forfeit 50 J«

Penalties and

Forfeitures how

to he recovered

ar.d applied.

Ceneral I flue*

Treble Costs<

Preamble.

Recital of an

At\ 18 Geo. ill.

C. 41. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779-

and find, in the Stove or Steves of any Maker of Starch, any Piece or Pieces of Starch drying in such

Stove or Stoves, of which no Account had been before taken in the Pox or Boxes, by the Officer for the

Duties on Starch, then, anti in every such Cafe, each and every such Piece and Pieces of Starch shall be

deemed, and is and are hereby declared to be. Starch of which no Account had been taken by the Officer

for the said Duties upon Starch; and the Maker or Makers of such Starch, in whole Stove such Piece or

Pieces shall be so diicovered and found, shall forfeit and iofe, for every such Offence, the Sum of one

hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from andafierthe fifth Day of July*

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nir.e, if any Maker of Starch fit Jl, at any Time whilst his Starch is

in Operation, and under Water, mix, or cause to be mixed, any of the Starch wufers of one Making with

those of another Making, every such Maker of Star ch shall forfeit and Jose, fur every such Offence, the

Sum of one hundred Pounds, except such Mixing be made in the Presence of an Officer for the Duties on

Starch.

in Presence of an ©fficer.

c XIX. And whereas fraudulent Starch-makers have, in many Instances, been rather encouraged in car-

4 rying on their Frauds, by reason of the Smallness of the Penalties already provided in thele Cafes; now,

€ for the more effectual preventing the like Frauds,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

if, after the said fifth Day of July* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, any M*ker of Starch

{hall remove, or cause to be removed, any Quantity whatsoever of Starch, after the fame /hall be dried, out

of his, her, or their Stove or Stoves, or out of any other Place or Places, made use of by them for the dry-

ing of Starch, before the fame has been weighed, and an Account taken thereof, by the proper Officer ap-

pointed for that Purpose, he, she, or they shall respectively forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the

Sum of two hundred Pounds ; any Law, Custom, or U age, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid; That, from and after the said fifth D^y of

July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nme, if any Maker of Starch {hall fraudulently hide or conr

ccal, or shall cause or differ to be hid or concealed, any Starch, to the Intent to deceive his Majesty of the

just Duties chargeable on the fame, that then, and in every such Cafe, the Party so offending {hall forfeit

and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds; any Law, Custom, or Usage, notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth. Day of

July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, if any Maker of Starch {hall obstrudl or hinder .any sf

the Officers for the Duties upon Starch, in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities given %6

him or them by this or any other Act, for the ascertaining and securing the Duties upon Starch, tbc

Person or Persons offending therein {hall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty

Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

imposed by this Act, {hall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by fi|,ch Ways, Means, and Me*

thods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, or mitigated, by any Law or

Laws of Excise ; or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of

Record at WeshntnJler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively ; and that one Moiety of

every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, {hall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other

Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at

any Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done in pursuance

or by Colour of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person and Persons {hall

and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act: and the special Matter, in Evidence in his or their De-

fence ; and if afterwards a Verdict {hall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

{hall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment {hall be given

against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have

Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for granting a Drawback of the Duties, imposed by an Act of the last Session of

Parliament, upon all foreign Wines exported from Great Britain to any British Colony of

Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in the East Indies.

WHEREAS, by an Act of Parliament, made in the eighteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign (in-

tituled, An Act 'for granting to his Majesiyfever al additional Duties upon (Vines and Vinegar imtwrud

into this Kingdom)y it was amongst other Things provided and enacted, That, upon the Exportation of

* any Sort of Wines (except French Wines) from this Kingdom to any British Colony or Plantation in

4 America as Merchandize, the Exporicr should be paid and allowed a Drawback of all the before-men-

4 tinned Duties paid upon the Importation of such Wine by virtue of the said recited Act, except the Sum

* of three Pounds thirteen Shillings and Sixpence per Ton : And whereas, in order to promote and en-

4 courage the Exportation of Wines from this Kingdom to the British Colonies or Plantations in America,

c and to the BritiJ}) Settlements in the Fa/I Indies, it is expedient to allow the Drawback of all the Duties

4 granted by the said recited Act upon the Exportation of all foreign Wines so exported to those Places;'

be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

2 . of

