22 4

Dir<£\iom for

aopointing

Clerks and

Servants.

VifltiaHers, 4c.

oot to hold any

Hace of Profit.

CJrrk to fix up

Lifts of Com-

irtflioners in the

Couit-house j

and to issue

Summonses, and

legjfter Orders,

4c.

Serjeants to

Jcive Precepts.

Per fens may

lue for Debt*

under 40 s.

Hour Officers

are to proceed.

Cnmmifli oners

may regulate

Proceedings j

and adnp.ifiiiler

Oaths.

C. 36. Anno decimo odavo Georgii III. . A.D. 1778.

and that every such Commissioner so elected and appointed shall be, and is hereby veiled with, the fame

Powers and Authorities to ad in the Execution hereof, as if he or they had been particularly named in this

Ad. \

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, of

dny eleven or more of them, at the first respective Meetings to be holden next after the passing of this Act,

for the fnid respective Divisions, to nominate and appoint a Clerk and Serjeant of the said Court of Requests

in each Divillon, during their respective good Behaviours; and that whenever it shall happen that the Place

of Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court shall become vacant, by Death, Refignatiun, Mifbchaviour, or

otherwise, the Comrrissioners for the Time being, or any eleven or more of them, shall meet, as soon as

conveniently may be after such Vacancy shall happen, and the Majority of the Commissioners so met shall

be, and they are hereby authorised and required to chuse and appoint another Clerk or Serjeant for the Di-

vision where such Vacancy shall happen, during his good Behaviour ; provided that no Person shall be ca-

pable of acting as Principal, or Deputy Clerk or Serjeant, for any of the said Divisions, unless he be actually

a Refiant or Inhabitant of the Towns, or one of them, at which the Court for such Division is appointed to

be holden ; and that no Commissioner, or any Person or Persons who shall keep any Victualling-house,

Ale-house, or other House of public Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Spi-

rituous or other strong Liquor by Retail, shall be capable of holding the Office of Clerk, or any other Place

of Profit belonging to the said Court.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks within she said respective

Divisions, to be chosen and appointed as aforesaid, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies shall, from

Time to Time, make and cause to be fixed up in some convenient Part of each of the Houses where the said

Courts are to be holden, fair and complete Lifts in Writine of the Commissioners herein named and ap-

pointed, or to be elected and appointed as aforesaid ; and shall also, and are hereby authorised and required

to issue, or cause to be issued out, all Summonses, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, and Precepts, and

to enter and register, or cause to be entered and registered, all the Acts and Proceedings of the said Court*,

within their respective Divisions, in proper Books to be provided^ by them, and kept for that Purpose :

And that the Serjeants for the Time being, or their lawful Deputies, shall be, and are hereby empowered

and required to serve and execute, or cause to be served and executed, all such Summonses, Orders, At-

tachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, Executions, and Precepts as aforesaid, within their respective Divi-

fions, and to do and perform all such other Acts, Matters, and Things, as are herein directed to be done,

by them.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, it

shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who now hath or have, or

hereafter {hall have, any Debt or Debts, not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, due or owing to

him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or as Executor, Administrator, Guardian, or Truf-

tce, by or from any other Person or Persons whatsoever, inhabiting or residing within the said Isle of Ely

or trading or dealing, or feekirig a Livelihood therein, or at any Time or Times frequenting or reforcing,

to any of the Towns within the said Isle, to apply to the Clerks of the said Court, within their respective

Divisions, or their respective Deputies for the Time being, who shall immediately make an Entry in their

Books of the causes, in their respective Divisions, expressing the Names of the Parties, and the Sums de-

manded ; and shall thereupon make out and deliver a Summons, in Writing, under their respective Hands,

directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and the Name

or Names of the Party or Parties demanding the fame, thereby requiring and commanding such Debtor or

Debtors to appear, at a certain Time arid Place, before the Commissioners of the said Court, in and for

such Division where such Debtor or Debtors Ihalt inhabit or reside, trade, or resort, to answer concerning,

such Demands; and the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court shall forthwith serve, or cause such Sum-

mons to be. served on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the fame at the Dwelling-

house or Place of Abode, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing or trading, of

such Debtor or Debtors, within the said Isle of Ely; and that the said Commissioners assembled in Court,

or the major Part of them so afllmbled, shall, upon Proof made of the Service of such Summons, have fulL

Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to make due Enquiry concerning such Demands, and to pro-

nounce and give such final Sentence or Judgment, and to make such interlocutory or final Orders and De-

crees therein, as to them shall seem most just and equitable.

* X. And, for the better regulating the Proceedings of the said Court, and rendering the Act efteftual:

* for the Purposes thereof,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Comtriissioners for, the

Time being, or any five or more of them, being a Majority of the said Commissioners assembled in Court

as aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, and as often,

as they shall fee Occasion, at any of the said Courts, to make such Rules or Orders, for the belter regu-

lating of th£ Practice of the said Courts, as to them mall seem necessary, and conducive to the Purposes of

this Act, so as they shall be confident with Equity, and do not tend to lessen, abridge, or alter, the Fees

herein-after allowed by this Act to be taken by the refoeftive Clerks, Serjeants, or Officers, of the said

Courts for the Time being, or to the Exercise of any Jurisdiction inconsistent with the true Intent and

^/leaning of this Act, and do relate to the Process, Practice, and Method of Proceeding of and in the said

Courts only ; which said Rules and Ordefs shall be kept and observed by the said Commissioners, and the

Officers and Suitors of the said Courts.

4 XI. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and more solemn Determination of all causes and

€ Matters which shall be depending in the said Court,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them in Court

assembled, and they are hereby empowered to administer, or cause to be administered, an Oath to the

Plaintiff

-

