590

Atri'for to keep

a separate Ac-

count of all Mo-

nies paid ii^y

virtue of this

A&.

Application

thereof*

PersonS sued

in Execution

of this Act

may plead the

General Ifllie,

•nd recover

Treble Costa*

C# 53, 54. Anno Vicesimo Georgii III. A. D. 1780*

next Day after that is not an Holiday, answer and pay all the Monies arising by (he said additional Im-

ports and Duties, the necessary Charges of railing, collecting, and answering the fame only excepted^

into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, distinct and apart from all other Monies which such Re-

ceivers-general respectively mall (receive for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Urea

and Purposes in this Act mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the

Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising

from the said several Imports and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered fe-

parate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, uporv

any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid*

shall be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and Expences, as

are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, Art

Aflfir raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establifnng a Lottery.

X. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons shall, at'

any Time or Times, be sued or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance

of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and mayplead

the General Blue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon Trial a

Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit*

then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Corts to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff

or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and eighty. 1,900,000/.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and date the public

Accounts of the Kingdom ; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants,

which may be applied to the public Service; and what Defects there are in the prelenc

Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for public Money; and in whae

more expeditious and effectual, and less expehfive Manner, the said Services can in future

be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public.

fm-td* * XT 7 HERE AS many Duties, Taxes, and Monies, Have been of late Years granted, ralfed, and ap-

* W propriated, for the public Service of this Kingdom: And whereas the present Method of ac-

* counting for the Receipts, Issues, and Expenditure of the fame, is attended with great Delay and Ex-

* pence, and many and very extensive Accounts remain unsettled, from whence great Inconvenience and

* Loss to the Public arise : Wherefore, to the Intent that his Majesty, and the People of this Kingdom*

* tnay be satisfied and truly informed whether all the said Duties, Taxes, artd Monies, so as aforesaid

* granted, raised, and appropriated, for the public Service of this Kingdom, have been faithfully issued

* out, disposed, ordered, and expended, for the Ends and Purposes for which they were granted; and also

‘ to the Intent that the Balances remaining in the Hands of the different Accountants may, as soon as

* possible, be applied to the Use and Benefit of the Public, and that the Defects in the present Method of

* collecting, ifluirig, expending, and accounting for the said Duties, Taxes, and Monies, may be corrected

4 and amended, and that a more expeditious, more effectual, and less expensive Method of collecting, iflu-

4 ing, expending, and accounting for the fame, may from henceforth be established / be it enacted by tho

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

Commissionert poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thai

Imin"a'nd ftjte" Lieutenant General Sir Guy Carhton, Thomas Afiguish Esquire, Arthur Pigot Esquire, Richard Neav+

tbepubJlr Ac-* Enquire, Samuel Beachcroft Esquire, fames Tierney Esquire, and George Drummond Esquire, or any three or

counts cfih* more of them, shall be, and they are hereby constituted Commissioners for examining, taking, and dating.

Jttngdoau the Accounts of all Duties, Taxes, and Monies, granted, raised, and appropriated, for the public Service

of this Kingdom, which have been issued to any Person or Person* whatsoever, whose final Accounts have

not hitherto been passed before the Auditor of the Imprert, according to the Forms of the Exchequer, or

whose Accounts, although passed, have been for Services which have been performed since the first Day of

January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; and* also of all such Duties, Taxes, and Monies,

which shall hereafter be granted, raised, and appropriated, for the public Service of this Kingdom, at any

Time before the Determination of this present Act, and of all Arrears thereof; and also for examining

and (lacing in what Manner, and at what Times, the Receipts, Issues, and Expenditures of the said public

Monies are now accounted for; and for considering oP, and reporting by what Means and Methods the

public Accounts may in future be passed, and the Accountants compelled to pay the Balances or Monies

due from them in a more expeditious, more effectual, and less expensive Manner.

Comnuffionert,. , 4 II. And, to the Intent that (he Public may sooner avail themselves of some of the Advantages intended

1 to derived from this Aft/ be it further enacted, That the said Conrunissioners shall, in the first Place,

count of public" ta^e an Account of the public Monies in the Hands of the several Accountant*, and for that Purpose £hail

Monies in the call on them to deliver in a Cash Account, and shall consider what Sum it may be proper to leave in the

K»nds ofthefe- Hands of each Accountant respectively for carrying on the Services to which the lame is or may be ap^

-vcril Accouftt. olicable#

mm*, 4c.

