200

The Duties

peant?d by this

Act to be ap-

plied towards

Payment of the

Annuities grant-

ed by the Lot-*

tery Art of this

Session.

The A (Teflon to

be allowed 3d.

for each House

for the first Af-

ft Ilmen t.

Comm»flioner»

for executing the

before-men-

tioned Arts to

execute this

Artj

•nd for that

Purpose to meet

on or before

April 30, 177S,

and before

April 30- yearly

thereafter.

In case there

shall not be a

Meeting of the

Commissioners

within the Time

limited by this

Act,

they are re-

quired to meet

as soon as may

be thereafter,

and to put this

Act in Execu-

tion,

Notice to be in-

ferted in the

Commissioners

Precepts Mat

the AIL IT 'S un-

der the before-

mentioned Acts,

If the Com Tif-

fin:, ers (A S j: 1 !7

in ScctLnd fL-li

Ufjlert to .1”)-

po.r.t Act'- fT rr,

Ac. the M3 --

srejors apjcint^d

undei a<iv ot A t

iccited Art n, :.y

do ' r.t 11 s

P u t ; ;

an i Hi 1 • in-

ti: t c* »o;hr

flu e

C. 26. Anno decimo ortavo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1778.

them, so far as the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, and Penalties, are applicable hereunto, and not

altered by this Act; and that all Monies arising by the said Duties granted by this Act (the necessary

Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the

Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at JVcJlminster.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Office of the Auditor of the

said Receipt shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising by the said

Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be entered separate

and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any

Account whatsoever; and the said Monies, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, shall, together,

with the additional Duties on Wines and Vinegar, granted by an Act of this present Session of Parlia-

ment, intituled, An Act for granting to his MajestyJeveral additional Duties upon IVines and Vinegar imported

into this Kingdom, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such other Charges and

Expences, as are directed to be paid in pursuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament, in-

tituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for tflabliflnng a Lottery ; and the

fame shall not be issued or applied to any other tJle, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for and in Consideration of the extra-

ordinary Care and Pains requisite in making and adjusting the first Assessment to be made in carrying this

Ad into Execution, the Assessor or Alii (Tors shall have an Allowance for such first A fief] me nt of Three-

pence for each House a defied by him, her, or them respectively ; to be had and received from the respective

Keceivers-general, their Deputy or Deputies, who are hereby appointed and directed to pay the fame

accordingly, and who shall be allowed the fame in passing their Accounts.

X. And be it. further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better Execution of this Act,

and for the ordering, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the Duties hereby granted, the Commis-

sioners authorised or appointed, or who shall be hereafter authorised or appointed, for putting in Execution

the said herein-before mentioned Acts, or any of them, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution

this present Act, and the Powders therein contained, in all and every the respective Counties, Shires,

Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively within Great

Britain; and that the said Commissioners, in order to the speedy Execution of this Act, shall, in their

respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places,

for which they are or shall be appointed Commissioners respectively, meet, on or before the thirtieth Day

of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and shall in like Manner meet yearly, and every

Year, at such a Day or Time as the said Commissioners for the Time being shall think proper to appoint,

before the thirtieth Day of April yearly, and shall then divide themselves to a A in separate Diflrids, and

proceed in the Execution of this present Act for assessing, raising, levying, and collecting the Duties

hereby granted as aforesaid, in such and the same Manner, and under the fame Regulations and Direc-

tions, as are prescribed by the said before-mentioned Acts, or any of them, with respect to the Rates and

Duties thereby imposed (except in such Cafes in which an Alteration is made by this Act).

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if by any Neglect or Default there shall not have

been a Meeting of the said Commissioners, and a due Execution of the several Powers hereby created,

within or at the Time or Times, or according to the Manner or Circumstances directed or prescribed in

and by this present Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any two or more of

them, in all and every the respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque

Ports, and Towns, in Great Britain respectively, wherein such Default shall have happened, to meet and

execute the said Powers at any other Time or Times, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary

notwithstanding; and they are hereby authorised and required forthwith, or as soon as may be after the

Time or Times at which such Meetings should have been held, and such Powers should have been exe-

cuted, according to the Directions of this prefeftt Ad, to meet and execute the fame, so as that the said

Rates and Duties be duly and effectually charged, raised, levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his

Heirs and Succdlbrs, for the Uses in this Act, notwithstanding any such Omission or Dcfed; and all such

Meetings and Acts of the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall be deemed, and are

hereby declared to be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any such Omission or

Defect as aforesaid.

XII. And it is hereby also enacted. That the said Commissioners shall cause Notice to be inserted, in

the Precepts to be from Time to Time directed by them to the Inhabitants of the Parishes or Places within

their respective Diflrids or Divisions whom they shall think fit to be Presentors or Assessors under the said.

before-mentioned Acts, or any of them, that such Persons are also "appointed Assessors of the Duties upon

Houses or Tenements granted by this Act.

•re appointed AflVflors under this Art.

* XIII, And, for the more effectual levying and collecting the Duty imposed by this Act in that Part of

( Great Britain called Scotlandbe it enacted and’ declared. That in case at any Time the Commifll' >ners

of Supply in that Part of the Kingdom shall neglect to appoint Assessors, or in case the A (If dors by them

pppointed shall neglect to perform what is required of them by this Act, that then, <>r in such Cafe, it

shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors, appointed under the Authority of any the

bdore-recited Acts, to do and perform such and the like Services as are by this or any former Ad required

from the said Assessors.

XIV. And it is hereby further declared, That when the Surveyors ad in the Capacity of Assessors, they

f!di be huiclcd to the fame Reward as is provided for the Assessors in this Act, for the Assessment made in

tr.c present Year*

XV. And

