io6

Surveyors under

the beforf-men-

tiomd a£U may

inf’pcft the Lift?,

befo'e ih<*y are

signed, and

amend them*

If Surveyort

di fcover any

Omirfions af>er

the Lift# are

signed, they are

to certify the

lame to the

Commissioners,

&c.

Matters to be

doubly fated for

those Servants

thry omit in

their Lifts.

One Half of

which Surcharge

to be a lowed the

Assessor or Sur-

veyor making the

fame.

Surveyors or Af-

fe flora not to en-

ter any Dwel-

ling-house, Sec.

to eiamine the

Number of Ser-

vants.

Persons over-

rated may appeal

to the Com-

missioners.

Appellant to

deliver, on

Oath, a List of

the greatest

Number of

Servants em-

ployed, dec.

Commissioners

not to make any

Abatement in

the Charge, Sec.

unless i (halt

appear, on

Oath, that the

Appellant is

over rated.

Ten Days Ko-

tice to be given

of Appeal.

CoijfTiirti”n'r»>

in certain Cale«,

may remit he

Prn ♦.!’¥ before

diredeo ro be

paid io the

A fidfor, See,

C. 39. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

them nominated to be Collectors for the Year ensuing, who are hereby enjoined and required tocolle& and

pay the Duties hereby assessed, and to give Acquittances for the fame.

aV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Surveyor and Surveyors

appointed and to be appointed under or by virtue of the said several Acts herein-before mentioned, or any

of them, for the Rates and Duties thereby imposed, {ball be, and he and they* are and is hereby impowered

and authorised to inspect and examine any List or Lifts to be made out and signed by any such Master or

Mistress as aforesaid, or any A(feAment or AlTelTments for any Parish or Place, before the CommiUioners

{hall have signed and allowed the fame, and to alter and amend any such List or Lists, AlTeflment or AflelT-

ments, if he or they shall fee just Cause for Co doing, by specifying the Christian and Surname of each Ser-

vant to be added to or taken from such Lift, together with their respective Employments; and every Per-

son, in whose Custody any such Lifts or AAeAments shall be, is hereby required, upon the Request of any

such Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, to produce the fame: And if any such Surveyor or Surveyors (half,

after any such List or Lists, Assessment or Assess’ments, shall be so respectively made out, signed, and al-

lowed as aforesaid, find or discover, upon his or their Survey or Examination, that any Master or Mistress,

that should and ought to he charged with the said Duty hereby granted, {hall have been omitted to be

charged therewith, or shall have been under-rated, such Surveyor or Surveyors shall certify the fame in

Writing under his Hand, together with the Christian and Surname and the Employment of each Servant*

by way of Surcharge, to any two or more of the said Commissioners, in order to have such Omission or

Under-rate certified in the said Assessment, and such Commissioners are thereupon to cause the fame to be

rectified, and the Duties levied accordingly.

4 XVI. And to the End that every Master and Mistress may deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the

c Assessor or Afllffors, a true Lift of their respective Servants, according to the Intent of this Adt/ be it

further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where any Assessor or Surveyor {hall make a

Surcharge upon any Master or Mistress, for or in Tefpedfc of any Servant or Servants omitted to be inserted

in any such Lift, such Surcharge shall be made after the Rate of two Pounds two Shillings an Head for

every such Servant so omitted; and the Assessor or Surveyor so making such Surcharge mall be, and is

hereby intitled to, and shall have and receive, to and for his own Use, one Pound one Shilling of every

such Surcharge which shall be justly made upon any such Lift.

XVII. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be

construed to authorise or impower any Surveyor or Assessor to enter the Dweliing-house, Outhouses, or

Garden, of any Person, for the Purpose or under the Pretence of inspecting or examining the Number of

Servants retained or employed by such Person.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall think

himself, herself, or themselves respeilively overcharged or over-rated by any Assessment, Charge, or Sur-

charge, to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this A&, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them, respec-

tively, to appeal to the said Commissioners; and that the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them*

(half, and they are hereby required to hear and determine all such Appeals, except where it shall appear to

the said Commissioners that the Master or Mistress had omitted to deliver in their Lifts, and shall not afligo

sufficient Cause to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for such Omission in Manner herein-before men-

tioned; provided that at the Time of hearing the fame, a List shall be produced, by or on the Part of the

Appellant, upon Oath, of the greatest Number of Servants of such Appellant, within the District or

Limits of the Places where such Appeal shall be made, subject to the Duty hereby granted, that shall have

been retained or employed by him or her at any Time between the fifth Day ot July> one thousand seven

hundred and seventy-seven, and the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

eight, with respect to the Space of Time which shall elapse between the said fifth Day of July, one thou-

sand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and the said twenty-fifth Day of Marchy one thousand seven hun-

dred and seventy-eight; or with respect to any future Year, the greatest Number of Servants which shall

have been so retained or employed by him or her within the Year preceding the twenty-fifth Day of March

in every such Year, with a Description of the Occupation of each Servant, and of the Capacity in which

such Servant shall have served; and that all such Appeals shall be heard and determined on the Days ap-

pointed , and in the Manner directed by the several Acts herein-before mentioned, with respect to the Du-

ties on Houses, Windows, or Lights.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any of

them, shall not, upon the hearing of any Appeal, make any Abatement or Defalcation in tire Charge, or

Surcharge, made upon any Person by such Afllflinent as aforesaid, or the Surcharge of any such Surveyor

or Surveyors as aforesaid, but the fame shall stand good and remain Part of the annual Assessment, unless it

shall then appear to the said Commissioners, by Examination upon Oath, that such Person is over-rated in

and by such Assessment or Surcharge; and every Person intending to appeal*to the said Commissioners,

{h ill, and is hereby required to give at the least ten Days Notice thereof to the said Surveyor, or to one or

more of the Assessors of »he Parish or Place wherein such Person is raced, of such Intention ro appeal; and

such Surveyor and Afltflors may then and there attend to justify the said Aflellrnent and Surcharge; and

such Surveyor and Assessors, and Appellant, shall have full and free Liberty to be prefcni during all the

Time of hearing such respective Appeals, and of the said Commissioners determining the fame: And the

said Commissioners are hereby authorised and impowered, upon every such Appeal, although they shall

confirm the Surcharge of such Assessor or Surveyor, upon the Application of any such Master or Mistress,

to remit and strike off the said Penalty of one Pound one Shilling herein before directed to be paid to such

Assessor or Surveyor surcharging such Lift, in case they shall be of Opinion that there was any Doubt

whether

