526 C. 24; Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

and Accounts of

Atfcflments, &c.

If any Com-

plaint against

fame. General

Mccti ig to ap-

point a Commit-

tee to iofpe&,

Ac.

Rule for Rate of

AfTtffment, Sec,

to be applied

within the Pa-

rish,

except Salaries*

and Expence of

Management,

which must not

exited 7 l-iwlf

per Cent, f

and except also

what is, with

Content, applied

on Roads, &c.

toother Parishes.

Parish or DUi-

lioiT Meetings

failing to give in

States, Sec. to be

act'efled in the

full maximum*

Trustees to de-

fray their own

Ex peaces.

Division Meet-

ing subje£t toGe-

neral Meeting.

Deficte-ntt to be

poinded.

Same eompataat

to Proprietors

against their Te-

nants.

Collet or s ma-

king a false Ac-

cufation, liable

in Triple Da-

mages}

and to pty Sums

omitted to be

collided by

them.

Objections, Ap-

peal, dec. not to

flop P-yment;

reserving Action

for Redrest.

Roads, Arc. in

4thl)ivision more

difficult to make.

General Meet-

ing therefore.

On Application

of Ttuftees ha-

ving x-thirds of

Valuation in

for the Year ensuing 5 and shall also make up an Account of the Application of the Assessments or Con-*

versions for Statute-labour theretofore levied : Which States, Estimates, and Accounts, shall be reported

to the General Meeting of Trustees, on the second Tuesday in Oticber annually, and a Copy of them lodged

with the Collector of each Division Meeting, to be at all Times open to the Inspection of the Trustees

in such Division gratis: And if any Person shall object or complain that the Report made of the State of

the Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, within any Parish, is not just, the said General Meeting shall appoint

a Committee to inspeil the fame, and to report the true State thereof to the next subsequent General

Meeting, or Adjournment of the fame; and such States, Eftimares, and Accounts, or Reports thereof,

when approved, shall be lodged with the Records of the General Meeting: In Conformity to which Re*

ports, the Valuation of Lanas, and the Lift and Account of Inhabitants and Houses in each Parish and

Division, the General Meeting for fixing the Rate of Assessment or Conversion, shall, and are hereby re-

quired to ascertain and determine the Rate and Sums to be annually levied from each Parish and Division

respectively; which Sums, so ascertained, shall be applied by the Trustees in each Division aforesaid;

but in such Manner as that the whole Money levied in each Parish shall be applied to the Roads, Bridges,

and Ferries, within the same, except the necessary Expences of Management, and the Salaries to Clerks,

Collectors, and other Officers ; which Expences of Management, and Salaries to Clerks, Collectors, and

other Officers, as well those of the General as of the Divifi »n Meetings, shall not in the Whole exceed

seven and one half per Centum of the maximum A (fir Ament or Conversion fixed to be taken by this Act, and

(haTl be divided as the Trustees at the General Meeting shall direct; and except also such Part thereof as

shall, by the Consent of a Majority of the Trustees residing or having Property in each Parish, be applied

for making, widening, or repaying any of the principal High-roads, Bridges, or Ferries, leading from the

fame through other Parishes.

X* Provided always, That if the Trustees in any Parish or Division'(hall negleff to make up and give

in to the General Meeting, to be held in October, such States, Estimates, or Reports, as above specined*

then the Trustees, at the General Meeting for fixing the Rate and Amount of the Assessment or Con-

version, shall assess such Parish or Division in the full maximum of the Assessment or Conversion above-

mentioned, to be taken in lieu of Statute-labour. v

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at all their General or Division Meetings, shall

pay and defray their own Expences; and that the whole Procedure of the Trustees in the Division Meet-

ings shall always be fubjcCl to the Controul of the General Meetings.

Xlt. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, liable to pay the said

Aficffcnent or Conversion for Statute-labour, shall refuse to pay the fame to the Collector, on or beforerbe

resperftive Days above specified for Payment, thereof, it shall then be lawful for the Steurajt-depKite, or any

of his Substitutes, or for two or more Justices of the Peace for the fitid Stewartry, to gram a Warrant

for poinding the Effects of the Deficient in a summary Manner, to appraise them on the Spot where found*

and afterwards to sell the same by Auction, for Payment of the Assessment or Conversion that (balLbe due,

together with the full Charges attending the Recovery thereof, and the Overplus (if any be) shall be paid,

when demanded, to the Person whose Effects shall have been so poinded: Which Warrants are to be so

granted by the Stewart-depute, or Substitutes, or Julies aforesaid, upon an Application made to them,

or any of them, and an Attestation subscribed by any of the Collectors, certifying that the Persons com-

plained of have been deficient in paying the Af&ffments or Conversions above-mentioned, and expressing

therein the Arrear of each Person; and the fame summary Recourse shall be competent to Proprietors of

Land, who may be obliged to pay the Assessment or Conversion for their Tenants, in case the Tenant shall

not repay his Landlord within ten Days after he shall be required by him so to do.

XIII. Provided always. That the Stewart-depute, or his. Substitutes, or the Justices of the Peacp fop

the said Stewartry, or any two or n\ore of them, shall award the Value of Triple Damages sustaineft by

any Person or Persons aggrieved by the Execution of a Warrant granted as 3boye; which are to

be paid by the Collector, upon whose Attestation such Warrant shall have been granted, in icafc it shall

appear to the said Stewart-depute, or his Substitutes, or to the said Justices of the reace, that the said Col-

lector has made a false Accusation against any Person liable as aforesaid ; which Triple Damage^ shall be

wholly payable to the Parties aggrieved, and shall be levied as above directed with respect to poinding the

£ffe<3s of Deficients : And in case any of the Collectors shall fail or omit to exact the aforesaid Assess-

tnents or Conversions, every such)Coilector shall be liable, by a Sentence of the said Stewart-depute, or arry

of his Substitutes, or any one or more of the said Justices of the Peace, tp pay the Afleifment or Conversion*

money so failed or omitted to be exafled by him-

XIV. Provided always, That no Objections tv the prepared States and Eftiroatci of I^penqes of High*

ways. Bridges, and Ferries, nor any Complaint or Appeal that may be made respecting the Assessments og

Conversions, or other Matters hereby directed, shall stop the Payment of the several Assessments or Cor-*

versions ; but the Parties who may think themselves aggrieved shall nevertheless be at Liberty to bring an

ASion for Redress in Manner herein-after mentioned.

4 XV. And whereas the Highways and Roads in the Parishes of MinnlgaffJfcV/s, Carsfairn, Dalry%

c and BalmacJellan, being the fourth Division of the said Stewartry, are more extensive, and will be much

4 more difficult to make, widen, repair, and keep in Repair, than the Highways and Roads in any of the

4 other Parishes in the said Stewartry; and therefore 4bs said Afl'eft.neot or Conversion of fifteen Shillings

4 Sterling for each hundred Pounds Sects of Valuation, and three Pence Sterling for each Pound Sterling

4 of real Rent of Borough Roods in the said fourth Division of the said Stewartry, will be in adequate to

4 the Expences thereofbe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall he in the Power

of the said Trustees, or a Quorum of them, at their General Annual Meeting for fixing the Rate of Coiy-

version, or Adjournments thereof as aforesaid^ and they are hereby authorised and required, upon Appli-

cation being made to them by any of the said Trustees gofleffing'two-thirds of the Valuation and Property

iu

J

