Persons inte-

rfiled in ihe

Tel s, See. to

enter a Memo-

rial of (heir

Right within

five Years,

in a Book lo be

pjepared by the

Town-clerk,

Si c.

nr be for eif r

b irred <>t all

such Right.

A. D. 17,77. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III, C. 18, 79

of any such Tolls, Duties, Lands and Grounds, as shall be purchased by the said Mayor and Commonalty,

and Citizens, as aforesaid, shall have the Force, Effect, and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Pur-

poses, which any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever, would have, if levied or fuftered by

the Bargainer or Bargainers, or any Person or Persons seised of any Estate in the Premises, in Trust for,

or to the Use of such Bargainer or Bargainers, in any legal Manner or Form whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every Person and Persons what-

soever, having any Right, Title, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, whether in

Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expc&ancy, or otherwise, in, to, or out of, any Tolls, Duties,

Lands or Grounds, which by virtue of this Act shall be purchased by and conveyed, or mentioned or in-

tended to be conveyed, to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, by any such Bargain and Sale

as aforesaid, shall, within the Space of five Years, to be computed from the Date of the Inrolment of such

Bargain and Sale, enter a Memorial of such their Right, Title, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and

Demand, in a Book to be for that Purpose prepared and kept by the Town-clerk of the said City of

London, or the Clerk of the Peace for the County respectively ; which Book she said Town-clerk, and

Clerk of the Peace, respectively, are hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly; and for w’hich

Entry they shall be intitled to such Fee, and no other, as the Register of the County of Middlesex is by

Law intitled to, for the Registry of a Memorial containing the fame Number of Words; and all and every

Person or Persons whosoever, not entering such Right, Claim, and Demand, within such Time, and in

such Manner as aforesaid, or having so entered the lame, and not prosecuting such their Right, Claim, or

Demand, with Effefl, within the Space of five Years, to be computed from the Time of such Entry,

shall be for ever barred of all Right, Tide, Use, Equity, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever.

Whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expedlanry, or otherwise, in, to, or upon, or out of

the said Premises, and every Part thereof; and the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and those

claiming by, from, or under them, shall be quieted in the Pofliflion of such Premises, any Law, Statute,

Utage, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

A I. Provided nevertheless, That any Person or Persons, barred of any Right, Title, Estate, Interest,

Claim, or Demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of the said Tolls, Duties, Lands and Grounds, by virtue

of this Afl, shall be at Liberty to bring any Action or Actions of Debt, for Money had and received to

his or their Use, against any Person or Persons, or the legal Representative of any Person or Persons, who

received the Purchase-money aiifing from such Sale of the said Tolls, Duties, Lands or Grounds afore-

said; and that in every such Cafe the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, on Proof of such Title as would have enabled

them to recover such Tolls, Duties, Lands or Grounds, or any Part thereof, or any Estate or Interest ip

the fame, shall recover the said Purchase-money, or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to their Interest

in the said Premises, together with such'.Interest as shall be equivalent to the Mesne Profits of the Premises

which they would have been intitled to recover, in case this A& had not been made.

XIE And be it further enacted. That all and every Person and Persons, who shall have any Mortgage

or Mortgages on such Tolls, Duties, Lands or Grounds, not being in Possession thereof by virtue of such

Mortgage or Mortgages, shall, on the Tender of the Principal Money, and Interest due thereon, by the

said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or by such Person or Persons as

they shall appoint, immediately assign and transfer such Mortgage or Mortgages to the said Mayor and

Commonalty, and Citizens, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, in Trust for them ; and in

case fi*ch Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Mayor, Aldermen, and

Commons, in Common Council assembled, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal and Interest

which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages, at the End or Expiration of six Calendar

Months, to be computed from such Notice given ; and at the End of the said six Calendar Months, in

case Payment, or a legal Tender shall be made of the Principal and Interest so due, and such Mortgagee

or Mortgagees, or those claiming under, or in Trust for him, her, or them, shall refuse or neglect effec-

tually to convey and assign his, her, or their Interest in the Premi es, to the said Mayor and Commonalty,

and Citizens, or such Person of Persons as they shall appoint, in Trust for them, that then immediately

after such Payment or Tender made, all Interest on every such Mortgage shall a s .* and determine.

XIII And be it further enacted. That upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest, due on any

rrgajie, as aforesaid, into the Bank, at the End of six Calendar Months from such Notice as afoefaid,

for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bmk (hull give a Receipt or

Receipts for the said Money, in like Manner as is herein-before directed in Cutes of other Payments into

the B. rk; and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and De-

mand, of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of every Person or Person* in Trust for, or claiming

under, him, her, or them, shall vest in the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and they lha! 1 he

deemed to he in the actual Possession of the Premises comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages, to ail in-

tents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where any Verdict as Fjtren^., ,f

aforesaid shall he given for a greater Sum than shall have been offered by rr on the Behalf of the Mayor juhc'h<wto

and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, or in case no such Offer shall have been made

befo:c the summoning of any such Jury, that then all the Exncnces of summoning such Jury, and the

W itnesses, a» d of taking such Inquest, shall he paid by the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, of

the City of London: But if any such Verdiift shall be given for no more, or fi r a less Sum than shall have

been so previously offered by or on the Behalf of the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the

City of London, then, and in every such Cafe, such Expences shall he defrayed by the Owners of, or the

Pesfons interested in such Tolls, Duties, Lands or Grounds in question ; and such Expences shall be iie-

dutfted and taken out of the Monies to be a (Idled and adjudged, and such Deduction shall be deemed and

taken as Payment of so much thereof.

XV. And

Persons so bvr- ,

reJ mi) h'in«

Actions of D^bt

agnnft the Re-

ceiver o* the

Pur. hase-niO-

ney.

Mortgage, on

Tender ot Prin-

cipal and Interest,

10 convey, Stc.

On P efufal,

a ter fix Mon*!i»

Notice, ln.etcft

to ccaie.

On Payment of

Mortg i n*

i*ev »n •» u

B nk Prfri.ifeS

\ c it m ir.e

Ci.y

