A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 52. 267

Maintenance of themselves and Families, carrying the Arts and Manufactures of this Country to our

4 Enemies, or Rivals in Trade: In order to prevent such Evil for the future,’ be it enacted, That the

future real Estates, as well Freehold and Copyhold, as Customary Copyhold, Salaries of Offices under

Government Money, or Money in the Funds, or lent upon real Security only, of every such Person or

Persons, Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, which, after the Time of his, her, or their total

Surrender of his, her, or their Estates and Effets, under such Ats, he, file, or they, (hull or may be

seised of, in his, her, or their own Right or Use, by Grant, Demil’e, or Purchase, shall remain and be

liable to his, her, and their respective Creditors, as before the making of this At; and any Creditor or

Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoner6, Fugitive or Fugitives, may, at any Time hereafter, fuc out

Execution, Extents, or other Process, against such real Estate or Money in the Funds as aforefa d, of such

Person or Persons, on any Judgment at the Time of such Discharge recovered, or Statute Staple, or Re-

cognizance acknowledged by, or Decree obtained against any such Prisoner or Fugitive, but not against

his, her, or their Person, or his, her, or their personal Estate or Efte&s, except Money in the Funds

obtained or accrued since such Time of such Discharge, other than as aforesaid.

XLVI. And be it also enabled. That any Creditor or Creditors of any Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive

or Fugitives, who shall be discharged under this Act, may, xat any Time after any such Discharge, com-

mence and prosecute any Action or Suit against any such Prisoner or Fugitive, his, her, or their respective

Heirs, pxecutors, or Administrators, for the Recovery of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be due

from any such Prisoner or Prisonefs, Fugitive or Fugitives, at the Time of his or their said Discharge, but

shall not hold the Person of any such Prisoner or Fugitive to Special Bail; nor shall take the Person, or

personal Estate and Effects, other than as aforesaid, of any such Prisoner or Fugitive, in Execution, by

any Judgment, Sentence, or Decree, which shall have been, or hereafter may be recovered or obtained

against any such Prisoner or Fugitive; and any Judge of the Court, out of which such Execution shall

iflire, shall have Power to discharge the fame by virtue of this Act: And in any Action or Suit, which shall

be hereafter commenced against any such Prisoner or Fugitive, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Admini-

strators, no Benefit or Advantage shall be had or taken, for that the Cause of Action did not accrue

within three Years next before the commencing of any such Action or Suit; nor shall any Statute or Li-

mitation be pleadable, or be allowed to be pleaded in Bar of or in any such Action or Suit, which fit all be

hereafter commenced by any such Creditor or Creditors against any such Prisoner or Prisoners, unlei’s

such Cause of Action or Suit did not accrue within three Years next before any such Prisoner or Fugitive

shall be discharged under this Act; and, in any such Cafe, the fame may be pleaded by any such Prisoner,

his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators.

^ XLVII. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted, That by the Discharge of any Prisoner or Fugi-

tive by Force of this Act, no other Person or Persons who was or were Partner or Partners in Trade with

any such Prisoner or Fugitive, at the Time of his or her Discharge under this Act, or then flood bound,

engaged with, or liable to, the Payment of any Debt with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, or engaged in

any Contract together with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, shall be discharged from any such Debt or De-

mand; but every such other Person and Persons shall severally (land and be chargeable with, and liable to

pay, such Debt and Debts, and to perform such Contradts, in like Manner as if any such Prisoner or Fu-

gitive had never been discharged from the same.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or Keeper, or reputed Gaoler or Keeper, of

any Prison or Prisons, shall make, or cause to be made, any false Entries in any Book or Books belong-

ing to any Prison or Gaol under his Care, or of which he is or was Gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or

cause to be prepared or kept, any false Book or Books, in order for any false or untrue Entry or Entries

to be made therein; or (trail inferr in any List, to be delivered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any

Person or Persons who was not a Prisoner or Prisoners in actual Custody in any such Gaol or Prison upon

the fa;d twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or shall not have

ever since remained in such actual Custody (except as in the Oath of any such Gaoler or Keeper, or de-

puted Gaoler or Keeper, shall be excepted), every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper,

shall, over and above the Penalties which he shall be liable to for every such Fraud, forfeit and pay the

Sum of five hundred Pounds; to be recovered, with Treble Costs of Suit, by and in the Name, and for

the Use, of any Person or Persons who shall be prejudiced by any Entry, or such false Entries; which

Penalties shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Dill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Ma-

jcfly’s Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than

one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Prisoner, being thereunto required by any Creditor,

shall refuse to discover and declare the Trade or Occupation, and Habitation, or lad Place of Abode, of

the Person or Persons at whose Suit he or she is detained or charged in Custody; or, being calleJ for and

deftred, by any Creditor or Creditors, to come to the Lodge of the Prison in which any such Prisoner

shall be confined, without some reasonable Cause being made appear to the contrary; every such Prisoner,

upon Proof being made thereof before the Justices at any Jjencral or Quarter Session of the Peace, cr any

Adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or

under this Add; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

4 L. And whereas there is but one Common or County Gaol for each of the respective Counties of

4 Torky Lincoln, Lancaster, and Durham, which said Counties arc each of them divided into foveral.

4 Ridings or Divisions, all which have several Commissions of the Peace; and if the Gaclers of those

4 Gaols be obliged to carry the Debtors, Prisoners therein, to the Quarter Selifon of each Riding or D;~

4 vision, the some will be a very great Charge, not only to such Gaolers, but also to the Prisoners in those

4 large Counties be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful lor

two or more Justices of the Peace for any of the Ridings or Divisions in the respective Counties (or any

other

Prifcrers fn*ur«

I.Hairs, or Mo-

ney in the

rurn!?, no: with-

Adding their

personal Dif-

charge, liable to

Crtcitorsj who

may foe out

Execution, but

net against their

Persons, or per-

fonal Ellecti,

&c.

Creditors m%y

sue for ih? Re-

covery of Debt*

due at the Time,

of Prisoner'*

Discharge, but

not luld the

Prisoner to spe-

c al Bill, nor

take his Person,

&c. by any

Judgment re-

covered against*

him.

No Advantage

to be taken of

the Cause of

Action not ac-

cruing within

three Yean, &c.

Exception.

Discharge of

Prisoner no Ac-

quittal to his

Partner or aure»

ties.

Gaoler making

false Entries in

Prison Book or

Lift, to forfeit

500 1. with

Treble Cvfts,.

Prisoner rrfu-

fpg to decla*e

the Ahcde, <Vc.

of ill? 1 etfon or

whole Suit he is

detiircH, frr. to

1 e ex< !ud-d the

Benefit of thi*

Act.

Justices may af-

Ifrnble at cr

near any County

