A. Di 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III,

C. 5 J

*79

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons, hereby appointed to be a

Commissioner or Commissioners for any County, Riding, City, Borough, Cinque-port, or Place, of Eng-

land, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed (except such as duly aualified themselves to be Justices of the Peace,

or Commissioners for executing the said Act for the Lapd Tax made and passed in the fifteenth Year of his

present Majesty’s Reign, or any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament for that Purpose), shall be capable,

in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweedy of acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution

of this Act, or executing any the Powers of the Commissioners therein mentioned (unless it be the Power

hereby given of administering Oaths), until such Time as he or they respectively shall have taken the Oaths

appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary

(intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Alicgianccy and appointing other Oaths); and

also in the said Act (intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majestys Person, and the Succejfton of the

Crount in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other

Pretenders, and their open andfecret Abettors); which Oaths it shall and may be lawful to and for any two

or more of the said Commissioners to administer, and they are hereby required to administer the fame to any

other of the said Commissioners; and that no Person or Persons, hereby appointed to be a Commissioner or

Commissioners for any Part of Scotland (except such as duly qualified themselves, according to the Laws of

Scotland, to be Commirtloners there for executing the said Act for the Land Tax made and passed in the

fifteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, or any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament for that Pur-

pose), shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this present Act,

in any Part of Scotland, until such Time as he or they respectively shall have duly qualified themselves ac-

coniing to the Laws of Scotland, for that Purpose.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person hereby appointed a Commissioner

for any County, City, Town, or Place, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed (except as before ex-

cepted), shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Adl, before he shall have taken

the said Oaths which by.this Act he is required to take, and in the Manner hereby prefefibed, he shall for-

feit to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe,

Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at We/lmin/lery wherein no Efioin,

Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that if any Person hereby

appointed a Commissioner for any Shire, Stewartry, Burgh, or Place in Scotland (except as before ex-

cepted). shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, before that he shall have qua-

lified himself according to the Laws in Scetlandy he shall forfeit to his Majesty the Sum of fifty Pounds, tb

be, recovered in the Court of Exchequer in Scetlandy in the same Manner as any other Penalties are there

recoverable.

XXXVIII. Provided also, That in.case there shall not be a sufficient Number of Commissioners for any

City, Borough, Town, Port, or Place, of Great Britain (for which by this Act Commissioners are spe-

cially appointed), capable of acting according to the respective Qualifications required by this Act; then,

and in every such Cafe, any the Commissioners appointed for the County, Shire, or Stewartry at large,

within which such City, Borough, Town, or Place, doth (land, or which is next adjoining thereto, may

act as Commissioners in the Execution of this/Adl, within such City, Borough, Town, Port, or Place;

any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner of the

Land Tax, not being a Justice of the Peace, or a Magistrate of a Corporation or a Borough, shall be ca-

pable of acting 33 a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or of any of the Powers therein contained,

in or^for any County at large, within England, the Dominion of Wales (the Counties of Anglesey, Merio-

neth y Cardigan, Caermarthen, Glamorgany Montgomery, Pembroke, Caernarvon, and Monmouth, excepted),

or in or for any of the Ridings in the County of York, unless such Person by himself, or his Tenants or

Trustees, was taxed or did pay, in the same County or Riding, for the Value of one hundred Pounds per

Annum, or more, of his own Estate, by virtue of the said Act for the Land Tax, made and passed in Eng-

l£>idy in the fifteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, or any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament for triat

Purpose; or unless such Person so appointed to be a Commissioner shall, at the Time of the Execution of

this Act, by himself, his Tenants, or Trustees, enjoy an Estate of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

of the said yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, or more, within the said County or Riding respectively ;

any Tfiing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI.. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person intended by this.Adl to be disabled for the

Cause last-mentioned, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or

any of the Powers therein contained, every such Person, for such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty

-Pounds, to any Person or Persons who will inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of his Ma-

jid fy*s Courts of Record ^t V/cjinirjler, or in the Exchequer of Scotland as aforesaid.

XLL‘Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That no Person who is appointed to be a Com-

missioner for executing this Act in any Part of Great Britain, shall he disabled, for the Cause hist-cncn-

tioned, from acting as a Comndflioner within and for any City, Borough, Cinque-port, or Corporate

Town only, whereof he shall bean Inhabitant at the'Time of the Execution of this Act, or from ailing as

aCommissioner within any of the Inns of Court or inns of Chancery.

XLII. And whereas some Doubts may arise whether Mayors, Bailiffs, and other Chief Magistrates of

Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, and Cinque-ports, for which Commissioners are specially appointed

by virtue of this Act, can act as Commissioners for executing this Act in the said Cities, Boroughs,

Towns Corporate, and Cinque-ports be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all

Mayors, Bailiffs, and other Chief Magistrates, who are appointed Commissioners for executing this AT,

shall be, and have Power to act as Commissioners for executing this Act, within and for any City, Bor

O o z wiugh,

Commissioner* ,

in England not

to till they

hare taken the

Oaths appointed

■by Acts

1 Cut. Sc Mar,

and 1} Sc 14

Cul. HI.

nor Commis-

sioners in Scot*

land, till they

have qualified

then felvfs at

the L-ws there

direct.

CommissionCT*

in Kneland

acting before

they have taken

the Oaths,

forfeit 200 L

and Commit

(toners in Scot*

land 501.

Commissioners

for the County,

Sec. at large,

may act for any

City, Scc.

Qualification of

Commissioners

for Coun ics at

large within

England.

Prrf>n*s JifaMed

prefimiing to

aft, foifsit 50 I,

Cnmrr issioner*

n ay <fk ‘or any

City, Ax.

hereof they arc

Inhabitants, or

f(,r Inns of

Cjurt.

M*yo»-s, RjiliflV,

Arc. to act a*

I i.romiffi oners

farri >11 y ap*

pair, led.

