219

A. D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. C. 34.

th’1 Request of the Party or Parties prosecuting such Order or Decree, to issue a Precept, under his Hand

and Seal, to the Serjeant or Serjeants of any of the said Courts; who, by virtue of any such Precept

ill'ued upon the Execution awarded against the Body or Bodies of such Party or Parties, shall and may,

and is and are hereby empowered and required to take and apprehend, or cause to betaken and appre-

hended, such Party or Parties, being within the Soake and Wapentake aforesaid, and to convey him, her, commit the

or them, to some Common Gaol or House of Correction within the said County of Lincoln, there to re-

main until he, she, or they, shall peiform and obey such Order, Decree, or Judgment; so as no Person

shall remain in Confinement upon any such Execution for any longer Space of Time than three Calendar

Months; and such Serjeants, by virtue of such Precept itiued upon the Execution awarded against the

Goods of any such Party, shall and may, and is and are hereby empowered to levy, by Dilirefs and Sale

of the Goods of such Party, being within the Soake and Wapentake aforesaid, such Sum and Sums of

Money, and Costs, as {hall be so ordered and decreed ; and it the Party ag.tinct whose Body or Goods

such Execution shall be awarded, and such Process shall issue thereupon, shall, by absconding, or by fe-

creting or removing his, her, or their Goods, or by any other Means, prevent or evade the Service or

Effect of any Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or

more of them, upon due Proof thereof made to them by the Oath or Oaths of such Serjeant, or of one or.

more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Distretion, to award Execution, either against the Body or

Goods of such Party or Parties, and Process shall issue thereupon, and be executed by the respeefive Ser-

jeants, in Manner aforesaid, until the Party or Parties, at whose Suit such Execution shall be iliucd, shall

be fully paid and satisfied.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in case the said Commissioners, or any' When Debts are

three or more of them, shall at any Time, upon the Request, and for the Ease and Convenience of the fre®er*j

Defendant or Defendants, order and decree the Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid at several C o-

payments, then, upon the first Default or Failure of any of the said Payments so ordered and decreed, the missioners may

said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, shall and may, at the instance of award E«ecution

the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, award Execution for the «p*»n tbc first

whole Debt, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with such further Colls as to them ml*tu 1 0

shall seem reasonable, to be recovered by the fame Process, and in like Manner, as is herein before pro-

vided for Recovery of the Debt and Costs first decreed ; the former Order or Decree to the contrary thereof

notwithstanding

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Precept to be issued upon any On Erecor^n,

Execution, awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons whatsoever, the Clerk who issues

the fame shall express and let down in Writing the Sum or Sums of Money, and Costs, so ordered and c^j#>

decreed to be paid ; and if the Party or Parties, against whom such Execution shall be awarded, shall, in wut C*f«

before any actual Sale of his, her, or their Goods, or before he, she, or they, is, are, or shall be taken E«r«iturn (hJ.l

and apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment, pay, or cause be fu^ifcJed.

to be paid, or tendered, unto the Clerk of the Court who shall issue such Precept, such Sum or Sums of

Aloney, and Costs, together with one Shilling as a Reward for his 7'rouhle in receiving and piying over

such Debts and Costs to the Plaintiff* or Plaintiffs, and entering Acknowledgment of Satisfaction in the

Book or Register of the said Court, for such Debt and Costs, and also the Sum of two Shillings and Six-

pence for Gaol Fees, in case such Party or Parties shall have been committed to Prison, then, and in such

Cafe and Cafes, the Execution shall be superleded, and the Body or Bodies, and Goods, of such Party or

Parties, shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Serjeant or Serjeants of the Serjeant? *il-

said Court, w?ho shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful Connivance or Ne- fu lv after,

gledf, cause or fufter the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall he awarded, to escape or ah-

lcond, or the Goods of such Party or Parties to he carried away or fecrered, so as such Execution shall top#T."

not have its due Effect, it shal! and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more DsU and Coils,

of them, assembled in Court, upon Complaint and* due Proof made, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or

more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Serjeant or Serjeants to pay the Sum or Sums nf Mo-

ney, for which the said Execution was awarded, to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment

thereof by the fame Method and Means as are herein provided for the Payment of other Debts.

XVlil. And be it further cn ?61ed by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person {hall be capable of acting CMnnn-’iTi>nrn

as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath, or (being of the People to hi f*°

called Qukers) made an Affirmation, to the following Effect; (that is to say)

4 T A. B. do fwe3r (or affiim). That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the b.ft of The Oith.

4 A my Judgment, hear and determine all such Matters and causes as shall Ire brought before me, by

4 viituc of an Act of Parliament fir the more erf; and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Siale cf

* Boiir.gbrooke and IVafmtake of Candleshoe, in the Parts of Lindfcy, in the Ciunty of Lincoln, without

4 Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to cither Party.

4 So help me GOD.’

Which Oath the Clerk of the said Courts or any of the Commissioners who shall have taken such Oath;

is and are hereby empowered and required to administer in open Court; and the Clerk of the said Courts

shall enter, or cause a Memorial thereof* to be entered, tn the Register of ther Lid Courr.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Attorney at Law or Solicitor, of any Court whatsoever, (bait

allowed to pleai or maintain any Privilege agiinft the Price's, Authority* JurisdiifVm, or Judgment

of the said Court of Requests, or be admitted to appear in the said Court of Rcquelts ab *n Attorney or

Advocate in Behalf of ar.y Plaintiff or Defendant.

XX.J^nd

thfre-

Of to be r^ciitcr-

ed.

No Attorrry,

fcc. to ... a.;, or

h - *• ’

in the Courr.

