39°

Penalty on Ne-

g!e& thereof.

Every Com-

mander of a

Vessel exporting

Jrifc Tobacco

/hall, on hit Ar-

rival at a British

Port, deliver to

theColledor the

Manifest or

Content of hit

Lading which he

received at the

Port of Lading

in Ireland.

Penalty on Nc-

gle£l thereof.

Irith Tobacco

shall not be im-

ported into

Great Britain in

Calks, Sec. con-

taining less than

450 lb.; and

shall be liable

to the fame Do-

ties, Drawbacks,

Sec. »s Tobacco

the Growth of

the British Co-

ionics in Ame-

rica.

Preamble.

After June 24,

1779, the fol-

lowing Pre-

miums to be

paid on the Im-

portation of Irish

Hempj

videlicet.

For the first

seven Years, 8!.

per Ton

for the neat

seven Years, 61.

per Ton;

and for the fol-

lowing seven

Years, 4I, per

Ton.

C. 36, 37. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

Number of Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or other Package thereof, and the Quantity of the Tobacco con-

tained in each particular Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or other Package, together with the Marks and Numbers

set on each and every Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or other Package, with the Tare thereof; and also shall,

at and upon the clearing of every such Ship or Vessel, as aforesaid, immediately transmit a Duplicate of

such Manifest or Content to the respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain: And any Col-

lector, Comptroller, or other chief Officer of the Customs, at any Port or Place in Ireland, who shall ne-

elect or refuse to deliver to the Master, Commander, or Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, such

Manifest or Content as is herein-before directed, or who shall not transmit a Duplicate thereof, as hereby

required, to the respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain, shall forfeit and lose the Sum

of two hundred Pounds; one Moiety whereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefl'ors* und the other

Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall sue or prosecute for the fame, in any of his M.^fty’s Courts of

Record at Westminster or Dublin. 9

IV- And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Master, Commander, or Person

taking Charge of any Ship or Vessel having such Tobacco laden on board as aforesaid, shall, upon his Ar-

rival at his Port of Discharge in Great Britain, and at the Time he makes his Report of h*s Ship or Vessel

at the Custom-house, deliver to the Collector of the Customs at the said Port (who is hereby requi:ed and

directed to deliver the fame to the Land-waiters appointed for the Delivery of such Ship or Vessel), the

Manifest or Content of the Lading of his Ship or Vessel, which he received from the Colkftor, Comptrol-

ler, or other chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port or Place in Ireland where he took in his Lading:

And if any Master, Commander, or Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall neglect orrefufe to

deliver such Manifest or Content to the Collector of the Customs, at the Time he makes his Report of his

Ship or Vessel at the Custom-house at the Port of his Discharge, he shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one

hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety

thereof to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall sue and prosecute for the fame, in any of his

Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVeJhninJlcry or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, respectively,

where the Offence shall be committed.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Tobacco shall be imported

into Great Britain in Casks, Chests, or Cafes> each of which shall contain four hundred and fifty Pounds

Weight of Nett Tobacco at the least, and not otherwise; and shall be liable to the fame Duties, and in-

titled to the fame Discounts, Allowances, and Drawbacks, and in all Respects subject to the same Rules,

Regulations, Restrictions, Securities^Penalties, and Forfeitures, as Tobacco the Growth, Product, or

Manufacture of the British Colonies or Plantations in America is liable, subject, and in titled to by Law,

in as full and ample Manner as if the said Duties, Discounts, Allowances, and Drawbacks, Rules, Regu-

lations, Restrictions, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and the several Clauses relative thereto, had

been particularly repeated arid enacted in this present Act.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for erefling a Market-house, and regulating the Markets, within the Borough of Bridgewater, in

the County of Somerj'et \ and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the*>treets, Lanes, and

other public Passages and Places, within the said Borough.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation into this Kingdom of Hemp, of the

Growth of the Kingdom of Ireland, for a limited Time.

WHEREAS the Encouragement of the Cultivation of Hemp in the Kingdom of Ireland, and the

Importation thereof from thence, will be a Means of furnishing this Kingdom with Sail-cloth

and Cordage (so eifentially necefl'ary for the Supply of his Majesty’s Royal Navy, as well as for Ships

4 employed in the Merchants Service) at more reasonable Rates than at present, and will also tend to make

c the Supply of the said Materials cheaper and less precarious, and be a Means of introducing Trade,

4 Manufacture, and Industry, by employing many of his Majesty’s Subjects within the said Kingdom of

4 Ireland * may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present.Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and

after the twenty-fourth Day of June* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, every Person or Per-

rons who shall, within the Time appointed by this Act, import, or cause to be imported, into this King-

dom, directly from the said Kingdom of Ireland, in any Ship or Ships that may lawfully trade thither,

manned as by Law is required, any Hemp water-rotted, bright and clean, of the Growth of Ireland, shall

have and enjoy, as a Reward or Premium for such Importation, the following Sum; (that is to say)

For every Ton of such Hemp so imported, from the twenty-fourth Day of June^ one thousand seven

hundred and seventy-nine, to the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

fix, the Sum of eight Pounds Sterling: -

For every Ton of such Hemp so imported, from the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand stren

hundred and eighty-six, to the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three,

the Sum of six Pounds Sterling:

And for every Ton of such Hemp so imported, from the twenty-fourth Day of Junes one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-three, to the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand eight hundred, the Sum

of four Pounds Sterling:

