468

Additional Sums

added to the Fees

to ce.ife on the

Death of Annui-

tant*.

Commissioners

jnay contrail for

the building a

Ccurt-house,&c.

Com misti oners

to order Payment

of Annuities,

and all Monies

4ue for Building.

Tor recovering

Money.belongi ng

to Suitors of the

Court now in the

Hands of Clerks,

Ac,

Tonds entered

into by the

Clerks, and their

Sure ics, to be

delivered up and

cancelled, when

the Money in

the Hands of the

said Clerks is re-

covered.

Money nnw In

the Hands of

Clerks, Ace. be-

longing to the

Sui or;, shall

(whenrr overtd)

be placed out on

Govei mnent Se-

curity.

I^tlu Suitors de-

mand tueir Mo-

ney alter it is so

C. 68. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

as above mentioned, and the Arrears thereof, during and until the fame shall be fully paid off and dif-

charged.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the Death of the Person or Per-

fons, upon whose Life or Lives such Annuity or Annuities shall be granted, and from and after the dis-

charging of such Annuity or Annuities, and all Arrears thereof, the Payment of the said several additional

Sums of Money, charged upon the said Fees by virtue of this A# as aforesaid, and each and every of them,

shall ccafe and determine, and shall be no longer paid or payable.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any

General Meting or Meetings, to be held as by this Act is directed, may, and are hereby directed to con-

tra# with any Person or Persons for the building and finishing of the said Court-house and other Conve-

niencies hereby author ifed to be built, and such Contract shall specify the particular Works to be done,

and the Prices to be paid for the fame, and the Time or Times when such Works shall be completed, and

the Penalties to be paid or suffered in case of Non-performance thereof, and the fame shall be executed by

seven or more of the said Commissioners, and also by the Person or Persons contra#ine to perform such

Works respe#ively; and, previous to their entering into such Contract, fourteen Days Notice at lead shall

be given, in one or more of the public Newspapers, circulated within the Bills of Mortality, expressing the

Intention of such Contract, and the Time and Place of Meeting of the Commissioners to receive Proposals

for entering into the fame.

IX. And for the better regulating the Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities, and of the Money

c which may be expended in the building and finishing the said Court-house and Offices,’ be it further en-

a#ed, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at any such General Meeting or Meet-

ings as aforesaid, shall (by Warrant, in Writing under their Hands, directed to such Person or Persons

as shall be chosen Treasurer or Treasurers by the Authority of this A#) order or dire# the Payment of

the said Annuity or Annuities, and also all such Monies as shall be due and payable for the building and

finllhing of the said Court-house and Offices, to the Person, or Persons in titled to receive the same respec-

jively, as the fame shall become due; and such Treasurer or Treasurers shall, upon Receipt of such War-

rant or Warrants, forthwith pay the fame out of the Monies which shall be in his or their Hands as afore-

said, by virtue of, or under this A#, and such Warrants, when paid, shall be allowed in Account to

such Treasurer or Treasurers, upon the settling or auditing of his or their Accounts with the said Com-

missioners, in Manner as directed by this A#.

4 X. And whereas there are in the Hands of the present and former Clerks of the said Court, and of

c the Representatives of Clerks deceased, divers and considerable Sums of Money, which were paid into the

c said Court for the Use of the Suitors thereof, but have not yet been called for or claimed by the Persons

c intitled to receive the same, although the fame have been so paid in for the Space of six Years and up-

€ wards: And the said Commissioners oeing desirous that the said Money should belaid out and invested in

‘ some Government Security, that the fame may be forth-coming to the several Suitors in the said Court,

■* who are intitled thereto, when they shall demand the fame respe#ively be it enacted by the Authority

aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of

them, at any General Meeting to be held after the passing of this A#, to demand the Monies so in the

Hands-of any of the said present or former Clerks of the said Court, and also the said Monies in the Hands

of or due from the Representatives of any Clerk of the said Court who is deceased; and if, upon such De-

mand, the fame or the Payment thereof shall be refused, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or

any seven or more of them, at any such General Meeting, to sue for and recover the fame by A<#ion or

A#ions upon the Cafe, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, in ‘the Name of the

Treasurer or Treasurers to be appointed by the Authority of this A#; in which A#ion or A#ions it shall

be sufficient for the said Treasurer or Treasurers to declare that the Defendant or Defendants is or are in-

debted to such Treasurer or Treasurers, in the Sum of Money which shall be so demanded of such De-

fendant or Defendants respe#ively, for so much had and received, for the Use of the Commissioners of

the Court of Requests for the Tower Hamlets; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in such A#ion

or A#ions, he or they shall be intitled to his 6r their full Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for the

fame by Law as Plaintiffs have for Recovery of Costs in other Cafes.

XL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment or Recovery of the Mo-

nies which shall be sued for, or due from the said Clerks, or from the Representative or Representatives

of any deceased Clerk or Clerks, in Manner as aforesaid, the Bond or Bonds which was or were entered

into by such Clerk or Clerks, and their respe#ive Sureties, to the said Commissioners, upon his or their

being chosen such Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be void

and of no Effe#, and shall be delivered up to be cancelled; and such Clerk and Clerks, and the several

other Obligors or Sureties in the said Bonds mentioned respe#ively, shall thereupon be fully and absolutely

released and d.scharged from their said respe#ive Bonds or Obligations, and of and from all Claims and

Demands by the Suitors, or any other Person whatsoever, for or on Account of the Monies so recoveredor

paid as aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Monies, or any

Part thereof, shall be recovered as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall, and are hereby required to lay

out and invest the fame in Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or in some other Government

Security, in the Name of any three Persons to be chosen, by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of

them, at any such General Meeting, asTrustees for that Purpose; and such three Trustees, and their Suc-

cessors, to be appointed as by this A# is directed, shall (land and be possefl'ed of the fame for the Uses and

Pumofes herein-after mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons intitled to

any of the Money so already paid into the said Court upon the Account aforesaid, and which is directed

to

