S86

ingind repassing

within 11 Miles

of London,

TtieName of the

Owner of every

Diligence, See,

to be painted on

the Outftde of

each Door.

Where and when

the Duties arif-

ing from Dili-

gences, Scc, shall

be paid,

Licenced Propri-

etor of any Dili-

gence, Sec. to

give seven Days

Notice before he

discontinue the

fame,

Poftmaflerv, Sec•

to be allowed 3d.

in the Pound out

of the Monies to

be accounted for

nod paid by them.

Penalty on forg-

ing any Ticket,

or uttering the

fame.

Application of

Prnalticsif sued

for within thrte

Months.

Pecuniary Pe-

nalties amount-

ing to 201.

where to be sued

dor.

All Penalties,

not sued for

within three

Months, to be-

long to hisMa-

Any Justice m»]

determine any

O.fence again&

C* 51. Anno vicesimo Georg 11 III. A. D. 1780.

just, to any Person or Persons licensed toufc any Diligence or Carriage as aforesaid, where the Distance to

be expressed in their Licence does not exceed twelve measured Mile?, upon Oath made by the Owner of

such Diligence, or other Carriage as aforesaid, before the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them,

or such Officers so be appointed, as to the Number of Journies a£tually made io a Day by such Diligence

or other Carriage, where the fame shall differ from the Number exp relied in such Licences; which Oath

the said Commissioners, or the Collectors authorised by them to receive the said Duty, are hereby im-

powered to administer, and to examine into all the Circumstances relative toahe Number of Journies so

made by such Diligence, or other Carriage as aforesaid, any T hing herein contained to the contrary not-

withstanding; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby impowered to make

such Regulations, with respect to such Diligences, or other Carriages, where such Allowances are applied

for, as they shall, from T ime to Time, find necessary, as well for the effectual securing the Duties on

such Diligences, or other Carriages, as doing Justice to the Owners or Proprietors thereof.

XLIV* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Person* so

licensed to use every such Diligence, Coach, or other Carriage, as aforesaid, shall mark or paint, or cause

to be marked or painted, on the outlide Pannel of each Door thereof, before he, (he, or they shall use the

fame for the Purpose aforesaid, his, her, or their Christian and Surname, mentioning the Place from whence

they set out, and to which they are going, in plain and legible Characters; and every Proprietor of every

such Diligence, Coach, or other Carriage, licensed to go from London to any other Place, or from any

other Place to London, shall, on the first Monday in every Month, between the Hours of Eight in the

Morning and Two in the Afternoon, unless the fame he an Holiday, and then on the next Day, not being

an Holiday, clear the said Duties charged and become due by virtue of this Act, by payingthe fame to the

Receiyer-general of Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to the proper Officer for the Time being

for collecting the said Duties, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at the Head Office in

Lincoln's. Inn, or wherever else the fame may be held ; and if such Proprietor or Proprietors shall be licensed

from any Town in the Country to any other Town than London, then such Proprietors shall clear the faift

Duties by paying the fame to the Person duly authorised, by Commission under the Hands and Seals of

three of his Majesty’s Commissioners of the Stamp-duties, to receive the lame, under the Penalty of five*

Pounds. . » ;

XLV. Provided always. That every such licensed Proprietor or Proprietors of any Diligence, Coach,

or other Carriage, as aforesaid, who shall lay down and discontinue the Use of the fame, shall give Notice;

in Writing, seven Days at the lead before he, (he, or they shall lay down or discontinue the fame, and shall

have such Notice indorsed upon the Back of such his, her, or their Licence or Licences, or upon the Bond

so to be given as aforesaid, and from thenceforth, on Payment of all Arrears, shall be no longer charged w

chargeable for the fame. i . , yv*.

XLVI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Rccefoer-gerleral"it th*

IJead Office, and the said other Collectors duly appointed to receive the Duties hereby impoied, shall*make

an Allowance to the several Postmasters, Innkeepers, and other Persons, licensed by virtue of tbist Act td

let Horses for Hire, by the Mile, Stage, or Day, for all Monies by them paid on account of the Duties

by this Act imposed on Horses so hired as aforesaid ; and they shall be intitled respectively to dedud for

their own Use, at and after the Rate of three Pence in the Pound, out of the Monies by them regularly

accounted for and paid to such Receiver-general or other Collector, according to the Directions herein*

before contained. -

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person shall falsely make;

forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or wilfully act or

assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting, any Ticket, by this Act authorised or directed to

be used, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; or

shall utter or publish as true any false, forged, or counterfeited Ticket, with an Intent to defraud his Ma-

jesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; every Person so offending, and being thereof

lawfully convicted, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be levied and applied as herein-before

directed and declared.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all pecuniary Penalties hereby im-

posed, shall be divided and distributed (if sued for within the Space of three Calendar Months from the

Time of any such Penalty being incurred) in Manner following; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who

shall inform and sue for the same.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all such pecuniary Penalties, which

shall amount to the Sum of twenty Pounds or more, shall be sued for in any of his Majesty’* Courts at

IVcJhninjhr, for Offences committed in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majesty’*

Court of S< ffions, Court of Justiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland) for Offences committed in

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no

Effuin, Prctedion, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That such Drvifionor Dif-

tribution of the Penalties as aforesaid shall be, and is hereby confined and restricted to the prosecuting

for the fame within the Time herein -before for that Purpose limited ; and that in Default of such Prose-

cution within the Time aforesaid, no Informer or Informers shall have or be intitled to any Part or Share

of such Penalties, but that the .whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

and shall be recoverable in Manner aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwith*

(landing. , . . , ;

f LI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid.. That it shall and m^y be

lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace, redding near the Place where the Offence shall be committed,

to

