A

TABLE

V

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the seventeenth Year of the Reign of

George til.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 17 Georgii III.

1. fk N AA for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a

jLJL Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the

JL \ Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred

and seventy-seven.

I. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty cer-

tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and rerry, for

the Service of the Year one thoufimd seven hundred and

seventy-seven. I

3. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine

Forces while of Shore,

f. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor of the Parifll of Saint Mary IjVington, in the County

of Middlesex, and for building a Workhouse for the said

Parifll

An Act for vesting in David Hartley Esquire, his Exe-

cutors, Administrators, and Assigns, the foie Use and

Property of a certain Method by him invented of securing

Buildings agtinft the Calamities of Fire, throughout his

MajestY5 Dominions, for a limited Time.

7. An Act for enabling the Commissioners for executing

the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to

grant Commissions to the Commanders of private Ships

and Vessels, employed in Trade, or retained in his Ma-

jesty’s Service, to take and make Prize of all such Ships

and Vessels, and their Cargoes, as arc therein mentioned,

for a limited Time,

t. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the thir-

teenth Yea* of the Re ign of his present Majesty (intitu-

led, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the

better Management of the Affairs of the East India Com-

iany% as tveil in India at in Europe), as relates to the

)*v on which the annual EleClion of Directors of the

laid Company is to be made.

Vol.XIIL Parti.

9. An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain

Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of

High Treason, committed in any of his Majesty’s Colo-

nies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or

the Crime of Piracy.

10. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-

fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-ieven.

it. An Act for more efte&ually preventing Frauds and

Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manu-

factures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yam and Goods

made from Worsted, in the Counties of York, Lancaster*

and Chester.

is. An Act for building a Bridge across the River Severn*

from or near a Place called Preen*s Eddy, in the Parifll of

Brofeley, to or near a Place called The Sheep-wash% in the

Parish of Sutton Maddock, in the County of Salop; and for

making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same.

13. An Act for continuing, for a limited Time, an Act

made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admea-

furement of Coals sold by Wharf-measure, within the

City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between

Tower-dock and Limehouse-boley in the County of Mid-

diefex*

14. An Act to enable his Majesty to licence a Theatre in

the City of Chester.

15. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of

final I Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford*

Kighley, Bingley, Guijeleys Caherley\ But ley, Birftal,

Mirfield, Hartijhead cum Clifton, Aimondburys Kirkhea*

tony Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or

Liberty of Tongy in the Welt Riding of the County of

York\ and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts

Baron of the Honour of Pontefrafty Manor of Wakefield^

and Manor of bingley, in the said County.

a 16. An

