474

Q. 6

Anno decimo nono Georg it III.

A. E>. 1779.

Officers to enter

ifito Recogni-

x»nce to piofe-

cute.

Charges of Pro-

fecution to be

paid by Receiver-

general of Cuf*

^ toms or Excite.

Persont commit-

ted as aforesaid

to be tried by the

Quarter-Sessions;

*ho, on Convic-

tion,^ all commit

the Offender to

hard Labour in

the House of

Correct ion of the

County, Sec,

But If such Con*

vi£t shall be

deemed a proper

Person to serve

his Majesty by

Lane! or Sea,

the Justices

ft all deliver him

over to the pro*

per Officer,

If Justices, at the

Time of convitt-

ing any such Of*

fender, shall not

be attended by a

proper Officer,

they may ad-

journ, and give

Notice thereof

to Officer, who

stall attend >n

Person, or by De

puty.

Justices may levy

s Fine upon

Gaoler, Sec. for

{offering an E-

scape, or on Pa-

rift Officers for

making Default

in Execution of

Warrants, Sic.

The Second and

Sixth Sections c^f

the Articles of

War against Mu-

tiny and Deser-

tion to be read

to the Person*

delivered as

aforesaid, and

the Oath ten-

dered to them.

Justices to cer-

tify that such

Persons are ad-

judged to serve

his Majesty, Sec.;

which Certi-

ficate, together

with such Men,

shall be delivered

to the proper Of-

ficers, and they

stall be thereup-

on deemed to be

inlisted.

An Entry to

be made of the

XI. And bcit further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer or Officers who (hJl con-

vey any Offender, arrested by the Authority of this Act, before any Justice of the Peace as aforesai j, {hall,

in case such Offender shall be committed to the County Gaol as aforesaid, enter into a Recognizance to

his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, before such Justice, in the Sum of forty Pounds, conditioned

to appear at such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and to prosecute the Person so committed; and

the Commissioners of Customs and Excite refneftively are hereby directed and required to order the Charges

of such Prosecution to be paid out of any Money in the Hands of the Receiver-general of the Customs

and Excise respectively, arising by any Branch of the Revenue under their respective Management.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons shall

be arrested, detained, and committed, as aforesaid, for any Offence against this Act, to any County Gaol,

there to remain until the next General Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the

Justices at such Sessions, and they are hereby authorised and required to examine, hear, try, and deter-

mine, all and every such Offence and Offences; and if the Person or Persons so committed as aforesaid,

shall be duly convicted before them of any Offence against this Act, then, and in every such Cafe, jt shall:

and may be lawful for the said Justices, at such General Quarter Sessions, and they are hereby respectively

authorised and required, in Lieu of any other Punishment to which such Offender or Offenders might be

liable for the fame Offence by any former Act, to commit such Person or Persons to hard Labour in the

House of Correction of the County, City, Town, or Place, there to remain fora Term not exceeding

three Years, nor less than one Year.

XIII. Provided always. That if any Person so convicted shall be approved of by any Officer of his Ma-

jesty’s Land Forces or Fleet, as an able and proper Person to serve his Majesty, it shall and may be lawful

for the said Justices, at such General Quarter Sessions, and they are hereby respectively authorised and re-

Jjuired, in Lieu of any other Punishment to which such Offender may be liable by this or any former Act

or the fame Offence or Offences, to order and adjudge every such Offender to serve his Majesty as a Sol-

dier or Sailor, and to cause such Man to be delivered over to such Officer of his Majesty’s Land Forces or

Fleet, such Officer giving a Receipt under his Hand acknowledging what Men are so delivered to him,

which Receipt such Officer is hereby required to give; and such Officer may, in case he shall find it ne-

cessary, detain such Man in some secure House or Place; and no Person so delivered in pursuance of this

Act shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty’s Service by any Process other than for some criminal

Matter.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Justices in their Sessions shall

not be attended, at the Time of convifting such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, by some proper Of-

ficer of his Majesty’s Land Forces or Fleet, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices to adjourn them-'

(elves to some other convenient Day, and to give such Directions as they shall think proper for securing

such Offenders as aforesaid, and to cause Notice to be given to any such Officer of the Day and Place of ,

such Adjournment; and such Officer is hereby required to attend, or appoint some other Person to attend,

the said Justices at such Adjournment, and to receive such Persons as they shall adjudge or order to be so

delivered as aforesaid, in case such Officer shall approve of such Person or Persons as able and proper to

serve his Majesty In Manner aforesaid.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful

for the said Justices to impose upon any Gaoler, or Keeper of any House of Correction, or of any Prison,

who shall fuft'er any Person* committed to his Custody in pursuance of this Act, to escape, or upon any

Constable, Headborough, Tithingman, or Parish or Town Officer, for every wilful Neglect or Default in

the Execution of any Warrant, Order, or Precept, to them, or any of them, directed in pursuance of

this Act, a Fine not exceeding ten Pounds, and to cause every such Fine to be levied by Distress and Sale

of the Offender’s Goods, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners, and to pay the said Fine to tht

Informer or Informers.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices, upon such Conviction is

aforesaid, and Delivery of such Persons to such Officer or Officers receiving such Persons as aforesaid, shall

cause the second and sixth Sections of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion to be read to t|g

Person so to be delivered as aforesaid, in the Ptefence of the said Justices; and the said Justices shall tender

to every such Person the Oath mentioned in the third Section of the Articles of War; and the said Justices

shall, and they are hereby required forthwith to certify under their Hands, that such Person or Persons is or

are ordered and adjudged to serve his Majesty, setting forth the Name, Age, Partfh, and last Place of Abode,

of him or them respectively, if known, and that the second and sixth Sections of the Articles of War

against Mutiny and Desertion were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the Oath mentioned

in the said Articles of War, or had refuted to take the said Oath; and shall deliver such Certificate, to-

gether with such Man or Men, to the said Officers or Persons appointed to receive them, and such Man or

Men shall thereupon be deemed and taken to be inlisted, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall

and may be proceeded against as if he or they had taken the said Oath according to the said Articles of

War; and the said Justices shall also forthwith cause an Entry or Memorial to be made, in a Book or Books

to be kept by them, or by the Clerks of the Peace of the County or Place, for that Purpose, of the Names of

the Men so delivered as aforesaid, the Ages, Parishes and Places of their last Abode, if they can be known,

and of the Time and Place when and where such Men were delivered to the said Officers or Persons ap-

pointed to receive them, and the Names of the Officers or Persons who received them, and for what Re-

timent or Company, or Ship, they were so received; and shall cause true Copies or Duplicates of such

Entries, attested by the said Justices or the Clerk of the Peace, within forty Days after the delivering such

Men as aforesaid, to be transmiued into the Office of the Secretary at War, or into the Office of tbc

Commissiorters for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral.

Names, Ages, and Places of Abode, dec. of the Men so delivered, and of the Names of the Officer! who received them, Sc,

2 -XVII. And,

