A. D, 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. C. 36. 227

A Table of which Fees shall, from Time to Time, be hung up, by the Clerks of the said Court, within

their respective Divisions, in some conspicuous Part or Parts of the several Places where the said Commis-

sioners shall meet for the Purposes of this Act, so that all Persons who shall attend the said Court may fee

and read the fame.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Clerks or Serjeants of

the said Court, for the Time being, or any of their Deputy or Deputies, or other Person or Persons em-

ployed by or under them or any of them, shall take or demand any greater or other Fees or Reward than

what are herein-before mentioned, for his or their Services in the Execution of this Act, he and they shall,

for every stich Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than

ten Shillings, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, or the Majority of them assembled

in Court, tnall assess and impose, to be levied (if not immediately paid on Demand) by Distress and Sale of

the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or

more of them, and to be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the Oifence shall be committed;

and that if, upon Complaint made by any Person or Persons upon Oath, in open Court, against any Clerk

or Serjeant appointed, or to be appointed, by virtue of this Act, for taking or demanding greater Fees than

as above mentioned, or for any M (behaviour whatsoever in the Execution of his Office, it shall appear to

the Commissioners then fitting in Court, or the major Part of them, that such Complaint is well-founded,

then such Commissioners, or the major Part of them so fitting in Court as aforesaid, shall, and they are

hereby directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned, by an Adver-

tisement to be inserted in some public Newspaper usually circulated within the Ijh of £/y, to meet at some

convenient Time and Place, within the Division for which such Clerk or Serjeant shall be appointed as

aforesaid, to examine into the Merits of such Complaint; and if it shall appear to the Commissioners then

present, or the major Part of them, not being less than eleven in Number, that such Clerk or Serjeant

rath been guilty of any such Misbehaviour as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commis-

sioners, or the major Part of them so assembled, to dismiss or remove such Clerk or Serjeant from his said

Office, and appoint another in his Room.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner shall (it or give Judg-

ment in any Cause depending in the said Court wherein he is a Party, or any Way interested ; but that

every Commissioner who shall be a Party to, or interested in, any such Cause, after being heard therein,

shall withdraw till the fame is finally determined 5 and that no Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court, who

shall be a Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, shall exercise his said Office

in such Cause, or in any Thing relating thereto, but the said Commissioners assembled in Court, or the

major Part of them so assembled, shall and may depute and appoint another Person to exercise the Office of

Clerk or Serjeant respectively in all Things relative to such Cause.

4 XXI. And, for the better enforcing the Orders and Decrees to be made by the said Commissioners,

• and that the said Commissioners, and the Clerks and Officers of the said Court, may be inverted with

* proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse;’ be it enacted by the Au-

thority aforesaid. That if. any Person or Persons shall affront, insult, or abuse, all or any of the Commis-

sioners, Clerks, or Officers of the said Court for the Time being, during their fitting in the said Court, or

in going to or returning from the fafne, or shall interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court, or at any

Time shall affront, insult, or abuse, hinder, or obstruct, or attempt or threaten to hinder or obstruct, any

of the Clerks or Serjeants, or any of their Deputies, in the lawful Execution of his or their respective

Office or Offices, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners assembled in Court, or the

major Part of them so assembled at the Time of such Insult or Misbehaviour, or if not then fitting, at the

next Court to be holden in or nearest the Town where such Insult or Misdemeanor shall be committed, to

cause a Warrant to be ifllied by the Clerk of the saul Court for the Division where such Offence shall happen,

or his Deputy, directing the Serjeant of the said Court, for such Division where such Offender or Offen-

ders shall be found, to take, or cause to be taken, such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, before

one or more of his Majesty’s Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely\znd upon the Fast

alledged being duly proved, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the said Justice or

Justices is and are hereby empowered and directed to punish such Person or Persons so offending as afore-

said, by Fine, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to be paid immediately

into the Hands of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and

to be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Barish where the Offence shall be committed; and that on

Failure of immediate Payment of the said Fine, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or

Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause the fame to be levied

by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, or to commit such Person or Persons, so offending as afore-

said, to some Common Gaol or House of Correction in the said Ific of EUy there to remain for any Space of

Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, or until he, (he, or they mall have paid the said Fine.

^ XXII. And, to the End that no Person may plead Ignorance of the last preceding Clause of this Act,’

be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks of the said Court, within their respective Divi-*

fions,. shall, from Time to Time, affix, or cause to be affixed and stuck up, true Copies of such Clause, in

some conspicuous Parts of the respective Places where the said Commissioners shall meet for the Purposes of

this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the respective Keepers, for the

Time being, of the respective Common Gaols or Houses of Correction within the said JJle of Ely, shall and

may, and they are hereby required and commanded to receive and take into Custody, respectively, all and

every Person and Persons who shall be committed, or ordered^to (land committed, by any three or more of

9 the*

To be hungup

in the Court-

house.

Penalty on Offi-

cers taking

greater Fee*.

Clerk ani ?*-

jeants may be

bifplaced for

Misbehaviour*

No Commis-

fioner, ice, it to

aft w here in-

terefted.

Penalty on In*

fu'ring the

Court.

The Offender,

on Nonpayment*

of the Fine, to

be commuted.

Copy of pre-

ceding Ciause to

be stuck up ii»

the Luuit-

house.

Gaoler*, Ac. to.

receive Per font

committed.

