3*6

All

orparvzd

Thrown Sillc

iiriporu (1 by vir-

*«'«? of this Act

to be hr't'itbt to

the Cull m-

h' use at Lon-

don,

Preamble.

18 Geo. HI.

Cap. 5j, recited,

and repealed.

A lew of able-

b »dii (i Men to

be made

ihrou^hout

Ciicat Britain.

Justices of the

Fcace, C'ommif-

sioners of tJie

L^mVTax, and

M ogidrafrs of

Corporations,

■ nd Bu»ghs, to

l ut this Act in

Execution j

and to take Care

that his Mjjei«

t ys Service be

not ntglcded.

H'gh Sheriff^

&r. up n Notice

from dm Sccre-

t.n y n t W]r, to

7l7i.:r: IVcq ts for

fumnion'ng ti e

Commi dinriet s

to meet, and

q: a ify them-

fc;vc*.

Notice of the

Pay ot idetn.m

t » be Cent to the

War-o(hce, fee.

Comm ifu nt rs

to appoint the

Tiroes and

Places of their

Juree-dmj: M* et

ir.gs, and lilue

C. io. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

i

and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall seize, inform, or fae for the fame; to be re-

covered by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein

no Eflbin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed.

6 III. And, for the better and more efffftual Execution of this Act, and to prevent the Importation

4 of any Sort of Thrown Silk not organized/ be it further enacted and declared, That all such organized

Thrown Silk as is allowed to be imported by this Act, wheresoever landed, shall be brought to his Ma-

jrfty’s Custom-house at London, to the Intent that no other Sort of Thrown Silk may be imported than

that allowed by this Act, under the Penalty of forfeiting all such T hrown Silk as shall be imported con-

trary to the Purport, true Intent, and Meaning of this Act; One Moiety whereof shall be to the life of

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall seize,

inform, or sue for the same; to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts

of Record, wherein no Eflbin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed; any Thing to the contrary

hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. X.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the lad SdTion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for

the more easy and better recruiting of his Majesty s Land Forces and Marines; and for iublti-

tuting other and more effectual Provisions in the Place thereof.

WHEREAS, for recruiting his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, it is necessary that a new

Supply of Men be forthwith raised, in the most speedy and ciieftual Manner, within the King-

4 dom of Great Britain, by common Consent and Grant in Parliament: And whereas it is highly expe-

4 dient that further and other Provisions he made for that Purpose than those contained in an Act made in

the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for the more easy and better recruiting of his Ala) efts s

4 Land Forces and Marines) / be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said

recited Act shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that within and throughout the several and

respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque-potts, Parishes, Towns,

and Places, of Great Britain, a speedy and effectual Levy of able-bodied Men to serve his Majesty as Sol-

diers, shall be forthwith had, made, practised and put in Execution, according to the Rules and Directions

of this present Act.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace of every County, Shire, Stewartry,

Riding, Liberty, or Place, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, as aforesaid; and all and every the Per-

fons who were named or otherwise appointed to be Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of

Parliament, made and passed at Westminster, in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

(intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Fax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the

Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five), or any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament

for that Purpose, within the several and respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroug’s,

Cinque-ports, Towns, and Places, therein particularly expressed, who are still living, and have duly

qualified themselves according to the said Acts, or shall qualify themselves according to this present A61

in that Behalf, shall he Comniifiioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein

contained, within and for the fame Counties, Sbiies, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque-

ports, Towns, and Places, of Great Britain, for which they were so named and appointed respectively ;

and that all and every the acting Justices of the Peace and Magistrates of Corporations and Burghs in any

Part of Great Britain, who are or shall be acting in any of his Majesty’s Comminions of the Peace, or in

the Mag: ft racy of such Corporation or Burgh, at any Time during the Execution of this Act, although

not fpteiaJIy named or appointed Commissioners by the said Act or AcE, shall be likewise Commissioners

for putting in Execution this present Act, and all the Powers therein contained, within the Limits of their

Commissioiis and Juriidiftion reiprctively: All which Commissioners,-b)r this Act intrusted with the

Execution of the lame, are hereby Itnftly enjoined and required to use their utmoll Ca^e and Diligence that

hh MajfttyV Service in making such Levies as aforesaid be not disappointed or neglected.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sheriff of every County, or his

Deputy, immediately upon receiving Notice for that Purpose from the Secretary at War, shall fend Pre-

cepts to the resptftiie Baihfls, or others who are u.ually employed to summon Juries, although in Liber-

ties out of the ordinary Juriidiftion of the said Sheriff, directing them to summon the several Justices of

the Peace, and Commissioners of the Land Tax, in their respective Divisions and Liberties, to attend at

the ufuai Place of Meeting in every Division, upon a certain Day in the said Precepts named (such Day

not to be named within Six Days after the Date of the said Precepts', within the Time limited determined by the

Secretary at War (Notice cf which Day shall be sent to the War-office and Admiralty upon the issuing

of the Precepts determined by the Snciiff), to qualify themselves for the Execution of this Act; and the said Com-

nii'Ticners shall then and there appoint the several Times and Places for the fucrecding Meetings in each

of their reipcciive Suhdivifiun% Curing the Continuance of this Act, and shall have Power to adjourn,

from Time to Time, as they shall find convenient; and the said Justices of the Peace, and Comnvflioners

of the Land T ax, at such their First Meeting, or at feme other Meeting to be held as soon as it cm bz

conveniently, shall issue their Precepts to the High Constables, Headboroughs, or other proper Officers,

for the respective Hundreds, Lathes, Rapes, Wapentakes, or other Subdivisions, within the said Counties,

Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, or Divisions, as aforesaid; which Precepts shall contain an Account of tho

Times and Places appointed for the luccteeling Meetings, and shall be returnable on a Day therein to be

named i

