A. p. *7$o.

Aiiho vicefitrio G eoroij III*

C. 23.

CAP. XXVIII.

' ! r I V: > 1

An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties on Advertisements , and cer-

tain Duties on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Pfcrfonal Estate divided by

1 force of the Statute of Distributions, ,or the Custom of any Province or Place.

Most Gracious Sovereign, '

IT TE, your Majesty’s most dutlfol and loyal Subje£ls, the Corhmons of Great Britain, in Parliament

€ VV assembled, towards raising, by the post easy Means, the necessary Supplies to defray your Ma-

4 jesty’s public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the

several Rates and Duties and Sums of Money herein-after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech

4 your Majesty that it may be enacted f and bp it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Coirfent of the L6Ms Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That^ from and after the first Day of

Juney one thousand seven hundred land eighty, there shall be raised, lyvied,. collected, and paid, through-

out the Kingdom of Great Britain> unto and for the Use of his Majesty^ his Heirs and Successors,

For every Advertisement to be contained in th£ Louden Gazette, or any other printed Paper in Great Bri-

tain., to be dispersed and made public weekly or oftener, over and above all other Rates and Duties now

tmposed, there be charged anadditional Duty of six Pence:

For every Advertisement to be contained in or publiftied with any Paper or Pamphlet whatsoever, printed

in Great Britain, to be dispersed or made public yearly, monthly, or at atiy other Interval of Time ex-

ceeding one Week, over and above all other Rates and Duties now iniposed thereon, there be charged aq

additional Duty of six Pence: f

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet ot Piece of Paper, upon which any Receipt

or other Discharge for any Legacy left by any Will, or other Testamentary Instrument, or for any Share

or Part of a personal Estate divided by force of the Statute of Diflributions, or the Custom Of any Province

or Place, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, the Amount whereof shall not exceed the Value of twenty

Pounds, a Stamp-duty of two Shillings and six Pence; and where the Amount thereof shall be of the

Value of twenty Pounds, and not amounting to one hundred Pounds, a Stamp-duty of five Shillings; and

where the Amount thereof shall be of the Value of one hundred Pounds and upwards, a Stamp-duty of

twenty Shillings be charged thereon. 1

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more effectual levy-

ing, collecting, and paying all the said Duties herein-before granted, the fame shall be under the Go-

vernment, Care, and Management of the Comraiifioners for the Time being appointed to manage the

Duties charged on stamped vellum. Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby

required and impowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and td lift and pro-

vide such Stamps to denote the said several Duties as shall be requisite. in that Behalf, and to do bill Other

Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said Rate$, and Dutjes

herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the major Part of therm

are authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment* ana

Paper.

4 III. And, for better securing the said Stamp-duties hereby imposed,’ be it further enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That all Vellum, Parchment, or Paper* upon which any such Receipt or Other DIP

charge for any Legacy left by any Will, or other Testamentary Instrument, or any Part thereof, or for

any Share or Part of a personal Estate, divided by force of the Statutb of* Distributions, Or the Custom of

any Province or Place, or any Part thereof, shall, before the fame shall be ingrossed, written, or printed,

be brought to the Head Office for damping and marking hf Vellum, Parchmertt, and Paper; and the said

Commissioners, by themselves or their Officers, shall from Time to Time (lamp or mark as this Addireds,

any Quantities of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon Payment of the said Duty, the said Duty to be

paid by the Person or Persons giving such Receipt or other Drfcharge; and if any Receipt or other Dif-

charge, so hereby directed to be stamped, shall not be marked or stamped as by this Act is directed, or shall

be marked or stamped for a lower Duty than as aforesaid, no such Receipt shall be pleaded or given in

Evidence in any Court, or admitted in any Court to be good, useful, or available, in Law or Equity.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the fame Allowance shall be made

on present Payment of the several Duties granted by this Act, in such Manner a9 by any former Law

relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, is directed and allowed.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Stamps as the said Commissioners

are hereby directed and authorised to provide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed in such Manner

as any other Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are by any former Law relating to stamped Vellum,

Parchment, or Paper, directed to be altered and renewed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or

forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be afed

by this Act for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble

thelmpreifion of the fame* with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the

said Duties, or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be

used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty* his Heirs and Succeflbra, of any of the fard Duties;

4 A 2 every

Preamble.

After June t,

1780, the fol-

lowing Dut cs to

be paid to his

Majesty:

An additional

Duty of 6 d. on

tall Adverttle*

menus

A Doty on Re-

ceipts fqr L-ga-

cies left by Wifi,

Ac. after the fol-

lowing Rate;

not exceeding

sol —>*s. 64

between aol.

and

tc of and up-

wards, xoi.

Duties to be un-

der the Manage-

ment of Com-

missioners of

Sumps.

Parchment, Ac*

to be brought ro

th‘e Stamp-office

so he stamped,

fafcfore kriy Re-

ceipt fori Le-

gacy, Ac. shall

he written or

printed thereon.

Receipts, if not.

properly /lamp. ,

ed, not to be ad-

mitted ta Evi-

dence.

Usual Allow-

ance to be made

for present Pay-

ment.

Stamp* may he

altered and re-

newed.

If any Perf&n*

shall counterfeit ‘

any Sump di- ’

relied to be used

by this Alt, Ac.

w th Intent to

defraud his Ma-

jesty, such Person

shall fuffirr Death

aa a Felon.

Goc e

