A.D. 1777. Anno decirao septimo Georgii III. C. 38, 39. 103

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and seven ty-seven. 1,500,000l.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the

several Capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing several Rates and Duties upon

Glass, imposed by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,

and for granting to his Majesty other Kates and Duties upon Glass in lieu thereof, and for

the better collecting the Duties upon Glass; and for repealing the several Rates and Du-

ties charged, by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his laid late

Majesty, upon all Persons and Bodies Politick and Corporate having certain Quantities of

Silver Plate.

Most gracious Sovereign,

IT7E your Majesty *s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

VV auembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, which we have chearfully granted to your Ma-

jetty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several Rates and

€ Duties herein-after mentionedand do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be en-

abled; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame. That, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

seven, there shall be charged, raised, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, after

the Rate of twenty-one Shillings 6*r Annum for every male Servant, within the Kingdom of Great Britain,

who shall then have been, or shall afterwards be, retained or employed in the following Capacities 5 (that

is to say) of Maitre d’Hotel, House-steward, Matter of the Horse, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de

Chambre, Butler, Under-butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confeftioner, Cook, House-porter, Footman,

Running-footman, Coachman, Groom, Poftiiion, Stable-boy, and the respective Helpers in the Stables

of such Coachman, Groom, or Poftiiion, or in the Capacity of Gardener (not being a Day-labourer),

Park-keeper, Game-keeper, Huntsman, Whipper-in, whether such male Servants shaft have been or shall

be retained and employed in one or more of the said Capacities, or in any other Business jointly with one

or more of the said Capacities of a Servant; which salt) Sum of twenty-one Shillings per Annum shall be

charged and paid in Manner herein-after mentioned; that is to say, Every such Master or Mistress shall be

charged fifteen Shillings for every such Servant so retained or employed within the Time which shall elapse

between the fifth Day of July9 one thousand seven hundred and teventy-seven, and the twenty-fifth Day of

March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; and every such Master or Mistress shall be charged

the Sum of twenty-one Shillings for every such Servant which shall be so retained or employed within every

subseauent Year, ending on the twenty-fifth Day of March; and the said several Sums herein-before men-

tioned shall be levied and paid in every Year, within six Months subsequent to the twenty-fifth Day of

March, on which such Charges are hereby directed to be made.

II. Provided always. That this Act shall not extend to any Servant who shall be retained or employed,

hona fide, for the Purposes of Husbandry or Manufacture, or of any Trade or calling by which the Master

jor Mistress of such Servant earn a Livelihood or Profit.

III. Provided also, That the Duty hereby granted for every Coachman, Groom, Poftiiion, or Helper,

let out to Hire by Way of Jobb, shall be paid by the Master or Mistress for whose Use, and in whose Ser-

vice, such Coachman, Groom, Postillion, or Helper, shall be employed respectively; and that the Duty

hereby granted for every Gardener, retained or employed by any Person or Persons who shall contract for

the keeping of any Garden or Gardens, shall be paid by the Person or Persons for whose Use and in whole

Garden such Gardener shall be employed.

IV. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to ex-

empt any Person or Persons from the Payment of the Duty imposed by this Act, in respect of any Servant

retained or employed in any of the Capacities aforesaid, on Account or under Pretence that such Servant is

or shall be bound as an Apprentice to such Person or Persons; save and except such Apprentices as are or

shall be imposed upon any Master or Mistress, under and by virtue of the Powers given to Magistrates and

Parish Officers by any Act of Parliament, so as the Number of such Apprentices so imposed upon any

Master or Mistress does not exceed two.

V. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to

extend, to charge with the Duty hereby granted, the Butler or Butlers, Manciple, Cook or Cooks, Gar-

dener or Gardeners, Porter or Porters, of any College or Hall within either of the Universities of Oxford or

Cambridge, or the Universities of Edinburgh, Glasgow, Aberdeen, or Saint Andrews in Scotland, or of the

several Colleges of Westminfier9 Eton, or Wimhefter, or to the Servants of his Majesty, or any of the Royal

Family, or of any Ambassador or Foreign Minister residing in the Kingdom of Great Britain.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with the

Duty hereby granted, any of the Royal Hospitals of Christ9 Saint Bartholomew, Bridewell, Bethlehem, Saint

Thomas in the City of London and Borough of Southwark, or Guys, or the Foundling HospitaL

Preamble.

After July

1777, ai a to

be paid yearly

for every male

Servant em-

ployed as here-

in-after men-

tioned.

15 s. to be paid

for every such

Servant for the

Time between

T°ly5*777»

March 25,177!.

This Alt not to

extend to Ser-

vants employed

in Hofbandry,

Manufacture*,

See.

Who shall pay

the Duty for

Coachmen,

Grooms, Ac.

let ont to hire.

Doty to be paid

for Servants «n

ployed at afore-

said, notwi-.h-

(landing their

bring Appren-

tice*.

Exception.

Butler*, Cook a,

Ac. in the

Univerfitie*;

Servants of the

Royal family,

Ac.

and certain Hos-

pital* exempted.

