A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C. 53—55. 423

per Bushel on foreign Salt), or any of them, shall cease, determine, or be redeemed by Parliament, then bc ,pr*

the Rate or Duty of five Shillings and Two-pence Halfpenny for every Calk or Barrel, containing fifty *r

Gallons, hereby imposed upon cured Pilchards for Home Consumption, shall cease, or be lessened in Pro- (»j!Chard«

portion to the Duties on Salt that shall so cease, determine, or be redeemed 5 any Thing herein contained 0, 11 u*

to the contrary notwithstanding. in Proportion.

CAP. LI II.

An Act for discontinuing the Duties on Cotton-wool, the Growth and Product of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America, exported from this Kingdom.

4 TT THEREAS the Importation of Cotton-wool, the Growth and Product of the British Colonies Preamble.

and Plantations in America^ may be increased, and the Manufacture thereof promoted and en- After June 14,

4 couraged, if the Duties now payable on the Exportation thereof from this Kingdom arc discontinued \ mlu-

be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the 0ef cluonl

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority wooi, the

of the fame. That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and seventy- Growth of the

nine, the Duties now payable upon Cotton-wool, the Growth or Produce of the British Colonies or Plan- Prilini <-'oicni«

tations in An.erica, exported from this Kingdom to any Parts beyond the Seas, shall cease, determine, JhaiiTcafe*

and be no longer paid or payable; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. ^ Cta

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That due Entries shall The aforesaid

be made at the Custom-house of all such Cotton-wool, in the same Manner and Form, expressing the ^0lt®0;wn°°,rttJ

Quantities and Qualities thereof, as was used and practised before the making of this Act; and such Cot- t*d ftJppe^in '

ton-wool shall be shipped outwards in the Presence of the proper Officers of the Customs appointed for the Preface of

that Purpose; and the Exportation thereof shall be in British-built Ships cr Vessels, navigated according to proper o5kcju|i

Law* and on Failure of the said Conditions and Directions, or any or either of them, the said Cotton- &c. cr otherlT'e

wool shall be liable to the fame Duty as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein-before con- £*btle to

tained to the contrary notwithstanding. u

CAP. LIV.

An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the sixteenth \ ear of the Reign of

his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to author ife, for a limited Time, the Punishment, by Hard Labour, of

Offenders who, for certain Crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his Majestjs Colonies

and Plantations. [ Further continued to July 1, 1779.]

CAP. LV.

An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees

for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

WHEREAS certain Acts may have been made and passed in this present Session of Parliament,

appointing the first Meetings of the Commissioners or Trustees for putting such Acts in Execu-

4 tion upon certain Days, which have elapsed before, or happened upon, the respective Days of passing

such Acts, and Doubts may arise, whether in such Cafes the Commissioners or Trustees appointed in

and by such Acts are authorised to meet and carry such Acts into Executionmay it therefore please

your Majesty that it may be enacted; and bc it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That in case any Act or Acts of Parliament hath or

have passed during this present Session of Parliament, and the Commissioners or Trustees for putting such

Act or Acts in Execution shall not have met and holden their first Meetings on the respective Days ap-

pointed by such Acts respectively, or shall have met and holden any Meetings without sufficient Authority

so to do, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners or Trustees, or such Number of them as by

such Acts are authorised to meet and to put such Acts in Execution, to meet and proceed in the Execution

of such Acts respectively, on or before the Day Fortnight next after the End of this present Session of Par-

liament; and all such Meetings so had, shall and are hereby declared to be as good, valid, and e(feftual,

to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the Commissioners or Trustees had met and proceeded to put

such Acts in Execution on the Days appointed in and by such respective Acts, or as if they had been au-

thorifed by such respective Acts to have holden Meetings on the Days on which any Meetings may have

been already holdrn, as aforesaid 5 and all Acts, Matters, and Things, which shall be done by such Com-

missioners or Trustees in the Execution of such Acts respectively, shall be as valid and effectual in all Re-

spefts, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if their fit ft Meetings had been held on the Days ap-

pointed by such Acts respectively, or as if they had been authorised by such respective Acts ta have hoJden

Meetings on the Days on which any Meetings may have been already holden as aforesaid.

Preamble*

If the Commi/-

sioners or Truf-

tees appointed to

execute any Act

of this SeiTion,

fh)all not have

met as therein

appointed, 8c:»

they may meet

on or before »* e

Day Fortnight

next after the

End of this Scf-

fi^n.

I i i z

Cap.

