42

Any unqualified

fcerfoa a^ing,

|o foricit 201.

table of Fees*

penalty on

taking greater

Feei.

Officers may be

tried for Neg-

i cd of Dut jr, Sc c.

and if found

jsulty ro be

Beadle's Duty.

Bertain Debts

to which this

Ad shall not

«pftiftd.

C. 15. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

cum Clifton,'Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordjhtp or Liberty of

Tony;, in the IVeJi Riding of the County of York; and for extending the furifditlion of the Courts Baron of

the Honour of Pontefract, Manor of Wakefield, and Manor of Bingley, in the said County); without Fa*

4 your or Affection, Prejudice or Malice to either Party. So help me GO D.”

Which Oath or Affirmation the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being, or his Deputy, or any of the

.Commissioners who (hill have taken the said Oath, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer

in open Court, and a Memorial thereof shall be entered in the E try Book or Register of the said Court,

by the said Clerk or his Deputy; and any Person or Persons pieinming to act as a Commissioner without

being qualified, or being disqualified, as aforesaid, shall, for each Time of asking, forfeit and pay the Sum.

of twenty Pounds to any rerfon who shall sue for the same in any of his iVJajesty’s Courts of Record,

wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the

Person prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the Sum of twenty

Pounds, without any other Proof on the-Part of the Prolecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Com-

mihioner in th? Execution of this AS.

XIX. And be it further enacted, 1 hat the several Fees herein-after limited and expressed, and no other,

shall and mav be taken for the respective Services of the said CJerk and Beadle in the Execution of this

Act; (that is to say)

X. dr

4 For every Summons or Subpoena, to the Clerk — —

Every Hearing, { ~ _ "

For calling the Plaintiff or Defendant to appear, Beadle —

4 For entering an Appearance, to the Clerk — —

4 For every Order or Nonsuit, and entering the fame, to the Clerk

4 For every Service of every Order, Summons, or Subpoena, to the Beadle

4 For a Copy of every Order to be served, to the Clerk —

For every Execution) J Beadle - ‘

4 Acknowledging Sjatisfaftion in full, to the Clerk — —

4 For every Search in the Books, to the Clerk — —*

4 Acknowledging Satisfaction in Part, to the Clerk — —

4 For paying Money into Court, to the Clerk —- — —

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

0

1

I

o

o

o

o

4

6

t

2.

2

4

6

4

o

6

6

2

2

8

A printed Table of which Fees shall, from Time to Time, be hung up by the Clerk of the said Court, in

some conspicuous Part of the Court or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, to the End that alt

Persons may fee, read, and know the fame.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if the said Clerk or his Deputy or Deputies, or the said Beadle or

his Deputy or Deputies, shall take or demand any greater Fees or Reward than what are above-mentioned

for their respective Services in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shil-

lings, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall assess and impose, to be paid over to

the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor of the Parish

in which the Offence was committed; and if upon Complaint made by any Person or Persons,. upon Oath

in open Court, of any Neglect of Duty of any Clerk or other Officer appointed, or to be iippointed, by

virtue of this Act, or for taking or demanding greater Fees than as above-mentioned, the said Commission-

ers then fitting in Court shall inquire into the feature of the said Complaint, and if it shall appear to be

well founded, then such Commissioners, or the major Part of them, so fitting in Court as aforesaid, are

hereby directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned tameet at some

certain Place as soon as conveniently may be, by publick Notice to be given in the several Parish Churches

aforesaid, by the respective Parish Clerks thereof, immediately after Divine Service, on the Sunday Morn-

ing next before such Meeting is to be held (such Sunday being at least four Days before the holding such

Meeting), and to examine into the Merits of such Complaint} and if it shall then appear to such Commis-

sioners as shall meet, or the major Part of them then present, that such Cleik or other Officer hath been

guilty of any Neglect of Duty in his or their Office, that then it shall be lawful for the said Commission-

ers, or the major Part of them then present as aforesaid, to suspend or remove such Clerk or other Officer

from his said Office, and thereupon elect or appoint another or others in his or their Room, in such Man-

ner as is by this Act directed ana appointed for such Election or Appointment.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Beadle or his Deputy or Deputies, so to be appointed by the

said Clerk as aforesaid, for the Time being, is and are hereby impowered and required to serve and execute,

or cause to be served and executed, all such Summonses, Orders, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas,

Executions, and Precepts, and to do and perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things as are herein directed

and appointed to be done by them*

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to

any Debt, for any Rent upon any Lease of Lands or Tenements, or to any other real Contraft; nor to arty

Debt that shall arise by Reason of any Cause concerning Testament or Matrimony, or any Thing con-

cerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, nor to any Debt for Money won at or by Means

of any Horse-race, Cock-match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play; nor for any Forfeiture upon

*ny Penal Statute} nor to any Debt whereof there hath not been a Contraft, Acknowledgment, Under-

£ taking,

