A. P. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. C. 21, 22. 195

Execution, {hall be, and are hereby repealed; and that in future any Number of the said Commissioners,

not being less than seven of them, shall and may put the said Acts in Execution, in such and the fame

Manner as by the said Acts, or any of them, any five or more Commissioners are impowered to do.

4 III. And whereas by the said Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Aecouota may

4 Second, it is.directed, That all Accounts, dated and signed by the Commissioners at their public Meet* produced at

4 ings, shall, at every Quarter Sessions to be holden for the North Riding of the County of York next after eilher

4 Christmasy be produced to his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace then and there present, for their Inspection “Jj SeffioaaT

and Allowance: And whereas it sometimes happens, that, from the Inclemency of the Season, it is very

4 inconvenient, and even dangerous, for the proper Officer to attend such Christmas Sessions with the said

4 Accounts Be it therefor^ further enacted, That the said Accounts shall and may be produced and

allowed, either at the Michaelmas or Christmas Sessions, as shall be most convenient for the Treasureror

other proper Officer; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not-

withstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences in and about obtaining and passing this Expentcg of

Act shall, as soon as the fame can be conveniently done, be paid out of the Monies to arise by the said for- Act how to hot

mer Afls or this A&.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and PoWlc Act*

taken to be a public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such. by all Judges, Jpftices, and other

Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for the more erFedlually carrying into Execution the Powers contained in two several Acts of Par*,

liament, the one made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making a navigable Cut or

Canal from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near Middlewich, and Narit-

wich, in the County of Chester; 'and the other made in the seventeenth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign*

for varying and enlarging the Powers of the said former Act.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities* and fof HlablilKing a Lottery*

44 Preamble. 6,00c, 0001, to be raised by Annuities, and 480,000/, by a Lottery. Contributors to the-

44 Sum of 6,^00,000 /. to be intitled to an Annuity of 3 L for every 100 /. contributed,- and also an Annuity

44 of 2 L 10 s. for thirty Years, which shall be charged upon a Fund to be establiflbed this Session, and col-

44 laterally upon the Sinking Fund. Contributors may have the Annuity of 2 L ror. per Cent, for Life,

44 instead of for 30 Years, upon producing a proper Certificate to the Auditor of the Exchequer before Dec.

44 22, 1778. Every Contributor of coo/, shall, upon Payment of 40 /. more* be intitled to four Lottery

44 Tickets. Preamble; reciting that Books have been opened at the Bank, and Deposits made, pursuant

44 to a Resolution of the House of Commons. All Persons who have made Deposits, pursuant to the afore-

44 said Resolution, are required to pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions at certain Times specified.

44 Subscribers to the Annuities to be allowed Interest for all Monies paid in Advance. Subscribers to the-

44 Lottery, on paying in the Whole of their Subscriptions, shall receive Tickets to the Amount thereof.

44 Subscribers to the 6,oco,oooo/. intitled to an Annuity of 3 L per Cent:; and also to an Annuity of 2/. ior»~

44 for 30 Years; both payable half-yearly. All Contributors who shall pay in the Whole of their Contri-

44 bution-money before June 30, 1778, may receive the Half Year’s Annuity due July $, 1778, on the*

44 Annuity of 2/. ic y. when they receive the Half Year’s Annuity due on the 3 perCent.; otherwise they

44 shall no* receive the said Annuity until January 1779. Annuities to be payable and transferable at the

44 Bank of England, &c. Caftiier of the Bank to give Receipts to Contributors for Money received; which* ,

44 shall be assignable, &c. Directions for the Cashier in relation to such Receipts. Cashier to give Seal—

44 riry, to the good Liking of the Commissioners of the Treasury; and to pay all Monies received into the*

44 Exchequer. Commissioners of the Treasury empowered to apply the Money paid in by the Cashier. A*

44 Book to be provided in the Accountant-general’s Office, in which Contributors Names shall be entered,.

44 fc. After Contributors shall have paid their Subscriptions, they will be intitled to receive the Annuities'

44 granted by this Act; which shall be Tax-free. Subscriptions paid in Part, and not completed, shall be*

forfeited to the Public. As soon as Contributors have completed their Payments, the Sums subscribed*

44 shall, in the Books of the Bank, be placed to their Credit. Accountant-general, on Payment of 35/.

44 perCent. of their Contributions, before Dec. 18, 1778, to give Credit to the Contributors for the Annu-

44 ity of 2/. 10s. which shall be transferrable. Certain Rates appropriated for Payment of the Annuities*

44 granted by this Act. Governor, &c. of the Bank* to appoint a Chief Cashier, and Accountant-general.

44 Monies to be issued at the Exchequer to the Chief Cashier, for Payment of Annuities'Created by this^

€t Act. Accountant-general to examine Receipts and Payments. Annuities to be deemed personal Estate.-

44 Books to be kept by the Accountant-general, wherein shall be entered all Transfers of Sums advanced'

44 on this Act* Method of transferring,. The Annuities of 2 /. 10 j. per Cent, per Ann. shall be a separate

44 Stock from the other Annuities. Persons possessed of Stock may devise the fame by Will, IS a Com-

44 missioners of the Treasury todifchabge all incidental Charges attending the Execution of this Act. The

44 3 per Cent. Annuities granted by this Act shall be added to the Joint Stock of 3 per Cent; transferrable at?

44 the Bank, tSc. The Bank to-continue a Company till Redemption of the Annuities. 480,000l. to be*

44 raised by a Lotteiy; the Prices whereof to be paid out of any Supplies granted this Session. Guardians,.

41 haying the Disposal of Infants Money, may contribute to the Loan, fcfr. Contributors, for every* ko/.

