A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C. 69. 477

Port where, such Lace was imported, or the Time when, and of whom, such Lace was purchased, as the

Cafe may be, such Lace shall be thereupon, without Fee or Reward, marked or sealed at each End of

every Piece with such Mark or Seal, and by such Officer or Officers, as the respective Commissioners of the

" Customs in Great Britain, or any three or more of them, shall direct and appoint for that Purpose.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of Perrons intend-

jAugufl) one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, every Person intending to export any such foreign i.ne,toIcxport

Thread Lace which shall have been marked or sealed pursuant to the Directions of this A&, shall, before £ Notice Vo

such Lace is shipped in order to be exported, give Notice to the proper Officer or Officers, to be appointed J^per Officer,

for that Purpose by the respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain, when and where he v

will pack up the fame in order to be exported; and the said Commissioners of the Customs are hereby im- who i* to fee

powered and required to cause such Officer or Officers to take Care that such Marks or Seals be taken off that

from every Piece so intended to be exported, without Fee or Reward; and no Person shall be intitted to “[herwire no°

the Drawback allowed upon the Exportation of such Lace, unless he shall have given such Notice as Drawback to be

herein-before is directed, and until such Marks or Seals shall be taken off by the proper Officer or Offi- allowed,

cers as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of All foreign

February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, in case any foreign Thread Lace shall be found in any Thread-Lace

Shop, Warehouse, or other Place whatsoever, upon Land, within this Kingdom, not being marked or K?n dom^ter

sealed, as herein-before is directed, upon both Ends of every whole and entire Piece, or upon one End of Feb.* *1780,not

every Remnant of such Lace, the fame shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Of- marked as afore*

ficer or Officers of the Customs, and shall and may be prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of in the fame fcid.fluilbe

Manner, and by the same Rules and Regulations, as foreign Thread Lace, clandestinely imported and run forfeited*

into this Kingdom, may be prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, by any Law now in Force.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at Penalty oncoun-

any Time forge or counterfeit any Mark or Seal, to resemble any Mark or Seal which shall be provided or forfeiting any

used in pursuance of this Act, or shall forge or counterfeit the Impression of any such Mark or Seal upon J£dr in°purfu.

any Goods required by this A& to be marked or sealed, or shall fell, or expose to Sale, or have in his, a nec of this a a,

her, or their Custody or Possession, any such foreign Thread Lace with a counterfeit Mark or Seal thereon, or on having in

knowing the fame to be counterfeited} all and every such Offender and Offenders, and his, her, and Possessionany

their Aiders, Abettors, and Assistants, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred *>reign Thread

Pounds, one Moiety to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as ^led^th such

/hall sue and prosecute for the fame; and such Offender and Offenders shall also be adjudged to (land in counterfeit,

the Pillory, in some public Place, for the Space of two Hours.

4 XXIX. And whereas, at the fame Time that the Laws for securing the Revenues of Customs and Ex- Evcir Porfon

cife ought to be enforced, for the Sake of the Fair Trader, and the Honour and Dignity of Government, before

4 it may be proper to pardon such of those who have been heretofore guilty,of such illegal Praflices, who foa"?h*vcleca

4 are desirous to make such Atonement for their past Offences, by dedicating themselves to the Service of guilty of any

i* their King and Country,’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who, Offence against

before the first Day of June% one thousand seven hundred and, seventy-nine, shall have Sheen guilty of ille- the Lawiofthe

gal running, loading, unlbipping, concealing, receiving, or carrying, any Wool, prohibited Goods,

Wares, or Merchandizes, or any foreign Goods liable to the Payment of Duties of Customs or Excise which" Prose-

(the fame Duties not having been paid or secured), or of aiding or assisting therein, or shall have been cution has beta

armed with Fire-arms, or other offensive Arms or Weapons, in order to be aiding or assisting any such commenced, &c.

Offenders as have been guilty of receiving such Goods, Wares, or Merchandises, or such foreign Goods as j* indemnified

aforesaid, where Duties had not, been paid for or secured, after Seizure from the Officers of the Customs thVcondirionT

or Excise, or of any other Act or Matter whatsoever whereby Persons may be deemed and taken to be following\ vide-

Runners of foreign Goods and Commodities, within the Intent and Meaning of any Law now in Force; licet,

or of hindering, opposing, obstructing, wounding, or beating, any Officer or Officers of the Customs or

Excise, in the Execution of his or their Office or Duty, or of aiding or assisting therein; shall be, and are,

by the Authority of this present Act, acquitted, indemnified, released, and di{charged, against the King's

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and every of them, and all and

every other Person and Persons, of and from all and every the said Offences, concerning which no Suit or That, before

Information, or Prosecution, shall have been commenced, or Composition made or offered, before the said Sept* '^79#

first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, upon the following Terms and Condi- knelled

tions; (that is to say,) That he do, before he shall be arrested for the fame, and before the twenty-ninth f#r such Offence.

Day of September^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, inlist or enter himself with some Com- he enter himself

million Officer of his Majesty’s Land Forces or Fleet, to serve as a Soldier or Sailor in the Army or Fleet, to, fcrvcM.a So1-

and do, for three Years at least, from the Time of such Inlisting or Entry, actually and bona fide fcrvc and dicr or Sailor for

*do Duty as such in the said Army or Fleet; and shall also, before the said twenty-ninth Day of September, docfuty^» rich

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, register his Name, Employment, and usual Place of Abode, and shall also, 1

with the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Division, where he resides, in a Book which is before Sept. 29,

hereby directed to be kept by the said Clerk among the Records of the Sessions for the said County, Riding, J?79* register

or Division, for this Purpose; and shall sign such Register, signifying that he claims the Benefit of this ^\t^cUrk

and that he has inlisted or entered himself with a certain Commission Officer, by the Name of his of the Peace^n*

Majesty’s Land Forces or Fleet, -as the Cafe shall be, to serve as a Soldier or Sailor, which Entry shall be fig* such Re-

in the following Form: gifter.

c A. B. of claims the Benefit of an Act of the nineteenth Year of his Majesty King Form of Entry.

George the Third, and has entered himself with C. D. a Commission Officer of his Majesty’s Land Forces

Voi,.XIII. Partlll. Q.qq 4 [#r

