A. D. 1780.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

c- 3*> 33• 547

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the twentieth Year of his late

Majesty King George the Second, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from

the Parish of Walton upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to Shepperton, in the County

of Middlesex.

c \\T HEREAS by an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Preamble.

4 VV the Second, intituled. An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from the Parish of Aa*oGeo. IJ«

* Walton upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to Shepperton, in the County $/*Middlesex, several Tolls, recited.

* Duties, and Powers were given and granted to Samuel Dicker, Esquire, of the Parish of IValton, in the

4 County of Surrey, to build a Bridge cross the River Thames from the said Parish of IValton to Shepperton,

€ in the County of Middlesex\ and a Bridge was accordingly built and passable for many Years : And

* whereas the said Bridge is now in a ruinous Condition, and, if not effectually repaired or rebuilt, will

4 be manifeffly to the Inconvenience of the Public: And whereas Michael Dicker Saunders of the City of

€ Exeter \s now foie Proprietor of the said Bridge, and hath proposed effectually to repair or rebuild the

€ said Bridge cross the said River, conformable to the Powers and subject to the Provisoes in the said above-

* recited Act; but it having been found by Experience that the Pontage Toll or Duty for passing over the

4 said Bridge, or any Part thereof, is greatly inadequate to the Ex pence of building and keeping in Repair

4 the fame ;* be it therefore enacted, Cfc.

44 Michael Dicker Sanders, of Exeter, impowered to take th% following Tolls: For every Coach or other

“ Vehicle, drawn by fix Horses, or other Cattle, is. 6 d.; by four Horses, is. 6d.; by less than four

44 Horses, 1 j. : For every Chaise, or other Vehicle, drawn by one Horse, 6d.: For every Waggon, or

44 other Carriage, drawn by more than fix Horses, or other Cattle, is.; by four Horses, 1 s. 6d.; and by

44 two or three Horses, 1 j. ; and by one Horse, 6 d.: For every Horse, &c. id.: For every Foot Pat-

44 fenger, \d.; and if with a Wheel-barrow, or such like Carriage, 1 d.: For every Drove of Oxen or

44 Neat Cattle, 1 s.jper Score : For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, 6d. per Score. Toll

44 to be paid every Time the Bridge is passed over. How to be levied. Persons unloading Carts, tffc. to

44 evade the Tolls, to forfeit iej. 208 Feet to be left for thePaflnge of the Water. A Temporary Bridge

44 may be erected. The fame Tolls for passing over the fame. Temporary Bridge to remain no longer

44 than Bridge shall be rebuilt. Powers of former Act extended to this Act. Limitation of Actions.

44 General Iilue. Treble Costs. Public Act.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign

of King Charles the Second, intituled, 4 The Master of the Rolls impowered to make Leases for

4 Years* in order to new build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls;9 and for the better regu-

lating the Method of granting Leases of the said Rolls Estate for the future; and for making

Compensation to the Earl of Macclesfield, and Sir Thomas Sewell, for their beneficial Rights

and Inter efts in certain Leases made the Rolls Eft ate; and for regulating the Method of

making Leases of the said Eft ate for the future. v

•- XIJ HERE AS by an Act, passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 V V intituled. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, Rcciu|

4 intituled, 41 The Master of the Rolls impowered to make Leases for Tears, in order to new - build the old Houses ,7 Geo. Ill*

44 belonging to the. Rolls and for the better regwlafng the Method of granting Leases of the said Roils Estate Cap. 59.

4 for the future; and for making Compensation to the Earl of Macclesfield, and SirThomas Sewell, for their

4 beneficial Rights and Inter efts in certain Leases made of the Rolls Estate; and for regulating the Method of

4 making Leases of the said Estate for. the future, it is, among!! other Things, recited, That by an Act,

4 pall'eit in the fourteenth Year of the'Reign of hifc present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the A& 14Geo.ni.

4 Office of the Six Clerks of the King's Court of Chancery, and for erecting Offices for the Rtgifter and Account- s^ctakTof*

4 ant-general of the said Court, for the better preserving the Records. Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, W

4 kept in such Offices, it was, among!! other Things, enacted. That out of the Securities purchased with

4 the Surplus Money placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance of ah

4 Act of the twelfth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, therein mentioned, and out of the

4 Interest: produced, and to be produced, from such Securities; and also out of the Securities purchased

4 with the Surplus Money; placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pursuance

4 of an Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, therein also mentioned, and out of the

* Interest produced, and to be produced, from such Securities ; and out of the Surplus Interest which should

4 arise or be produced frnm Securities purchased in pursuance of the said several Acts of the twelfth Year of

* the Reign of his late Majesty, and of the fourth, fifth, and ninth Years of the Reign of his present Ma-

4 jesty, therein mentioned ; and out of the Interest which should arise or be produced from Securities to

? be purchased in pursuance of the said Act of the fourteenth Year of the Reign of the prefept King;

3 ! facb

