A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 52.

265

Gaoler conv>&-

ed of Perjury, to

forfeit 500].

with full Costs,

See.

Application of

the Penalty.

Clerk of the

Peace refusing a

Prisoner a Copy

of hit Discharge,

or taking exor-

bitant Fees, /hail

forfeit 201, to

the Prisoner.

shall and may be recovered, with Treble Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information,

in any of the Courts of Record at WestminJier> wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or

more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Gaoler or Gaolers,

or Keeper or Keepers, or any deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Prison, shall, in taking of the afore-

mentioned Oaths, forswear or perjure himself, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, such Gaoler or

Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of such Prison or Prisons (over and above such Penalties as may be

inflicted on Persons convicted of Perjury), shall, upon every such Conviction, forfeit and pay the Sum of

five hundred Pounds; to be recovered, with full Cods, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, or Action of

Debt, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no EiToin, Protection, or Wager

of Law, shall be allowed, by and in the Name of such Person or Persons, his and their Executors and

Administrators, to whom any Assignment or Conveyance, in pursuance of this Act, shall be made, of the

Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and if no such Assignee or Assignees shall be living, then

in the Name or Names of any other Creditor or Creditors who shall sue for the said Penalties 5 to be ap-

plied, one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety towards Satisfaction of the Debts

of such his Creditor or Creditors.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk,

or other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace, shall delay or refuse to give every or any such Prisoner so

discharged as aforesaid, within fourteen Days ^fter his or her Discharge, a Copy of the Order of his or her

Discharge, on the Payment of two Shillings and Sixpence; or shall take more than the Sum of two Shil-

lings and Sixpence for such Copy; or shall take more than one Shilling for an Alignment or Conveyance

of such Prisoner's Estate or Effects; every such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or

other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace, who shall so offend, and who shall be conviiled at any such

General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, of any such Offence, shall, for

fcvery such Offence, forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner the Sum of twenty rounds, as the Justices of

the reace, at any such General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, shall order;

and who are hereby empowered to cause the fame to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any

such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer ailing as Clerk of the Peace,

so offending.

XXXVI. And be it further enailed by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Prisoner as aforesaid, or Prisoner, See.

any other Person or Persons who shall take the Benefit of this Act, shall forfyrear and perjure himself, fontiacdofPer*

herself, or themselves, in any Oath to be taken under this Act, and shall be lawfully conviiled thereof, ie«ne<|0gutltf

he, she, or they, so offending, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony. of Felony!*1 J

XXXVII. And be it further enailed by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person to be discharged by person, fm

this Act shall* at any Time hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any Judgment or Decree obtained for charged by th?»

Payment of Money only, or for any Debt, Bond, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum or Sums of Mo- not liable

ney, contrailed, incurred, occasioned, owing, or growing due, before the said twenty-eighth Day of J°impnfon»ent

January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; but that upon every Arrest upon every Judg- *r c fs* *c#

ment, or such Decree, or for such Debts, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum and Sums of Money, it

shall and may be lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Process issued, or for any two Justices of the

Peace, upon shewing the Copy of the Order of such Prisoner’s Discharge or Discharges, to release and dif-

charge out of Custody such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid; and shall, at the fame Time, order the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Suit or Suits, to pay such Prisoner or Prisoners the Costs he, she, or they,

shall have incurred of such Occasion, or so much thereof as to such Judge or Justices shall seem just and

reasonable; and every such Judge is hereby empowered so to do on such Prisoner’s causing a Common

Appearance to be entered for him in every such Action and Suit.

4 XXXVIII. And whereas, under former Acts of this Kind, Doubts have arisen, what was to be done’

4 with such Prisoners who applied at any Session to be discharged, who owed and flood charged with Debts,

as well previous as subsequent to the Day limited by the respective Acts to remedy which, be it there- But no Prisoner

fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Prisoner or Prisoners shall be discharged of any Debts * be i-ifcharge*

subsequent to the twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; and if it

shall appear to the Justices, in any Session or Adjournment, that any Prisoner or Prisoners, then applying

to them to be discharged, shall (land charged as well with Debts previous to as subsequent to the said

twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, that, in such Cafes, it

shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices to discharge the Person of such Prisoner on account of all

Debts previous to the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight,

and to remand him or her back to the Custody of the Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she was

brought, for all Debts with which he or she Hands charged with in his Custody, subsequent to the said i

twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Escape, or any Justices, See.

Suit or Action, be brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper of any may plead this

Prison, for performing their Office, in pursuance of this Act, they may plead the General Issue, and give to any Ac

this Act in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or Jifcontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against t, CI? V°“ght

him, or Judgment upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have Treble Costs. -

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Scire Facias, or Action of Debt, Treble Costs.

or upon Judgment, shall be brought against any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators,

upon any Judgment, obtained against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged

by him or her, before the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

eight, with respect to Prisoners in actual Custody, or with respect to Debtors beyond the Seas as afore-

said, upon the said tenth Day of March) one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, it shall be lawful

for.

eontra&ed be-

fore Jan. %lp

17784

of Debti fuhfe-

queot thereto.

Persont dif-

charged may

plead generally^,

&c. to all Ac-

tions cr Judg-

ments brought:

against them be»

