438

Nothing to be

done to preju-

dice Dicker

Mills, &e.

Protifo.

Trustees mty

]r»fe the Rate*

after the End of

five Year$,

Public Notice

thereof to be

gives.

If the Trustees

lease the Tolls,

they Hull em-

ploy a Person, to

be approved of

by Sir William

Wake and Mr.

Floyer, to take

an Account of

the Tonnage of

all Coeds passing

through the

Lock near

King’s Weir.

The Trusteet

under the former

Act to have full

Power to carry

this Art irto

Execution.

Penalties and

Forfi iturts how

to be recovered

and applied,

Perions aggriev-

ed my appeal

to tht Quaiter

Scflk»/i5.

LimrHriojs 11

Actions*

C. 58. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

Letters, Figures, or Marks, which shall be inscribed thereon, every such Person shall, for every such Of-

fence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

XXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That in ascertaining the Height at which the

Water in Dicker Mill Stream aforesaid should be kept for the future, or in fixing or setting up any such

Ports or Stones as aforesaid, nothing shall be done to the Prejudice of Dicker Millsy or of the"Occupier

thereof, or of the said Water-works, or of certain Mills called Hertford Town Milhy or any Occupier

thereof.

XXXVIII. Provided also, That no Occupier of the said Millstralled Dicker Mills, or Person having the

Care of the said Water-works, shall be subject to the Penalty aforesaid, for not keeping the Water in

Dicker Mill Stream up to such Height as aforesaid, whenever any of the Works of the said Navigation,

above the Mouth of the Cut or Canal in Kings Mead, shall be out of Repair.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Term of

five Years from and after the passing of this Act, the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall

have full Power and Authority, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to let or demise the Rates and

Duties authorised to be collected upon the said River, Cuts, or Canals, for any Term, not exceeding two

Years at any one Time, for the highest Rent they can get for the fame, by public Bidding or other wise,

the fame to be payable at such Times, and under such Covenants, as the said Trustees, or any seven or

more of them, shall think fit (the said Trustees taking proper Security from the Person or Persons to

whom the said Tails shall be leased or demised, for Payment of the Rent or Rents, and Performance of

the Covenants) ; which Rent and Rents shall be paid to the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them,

or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, and shall be applied and disposed of

in the same Manner as the said Rates and Duties are by the said recited-Act of the seventh Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, and this Act, directed to be applied and disposed of.

XL. Provided always. That one Calendar Month's previous Notice, at the least, be given in some

of the public Newspapers circulated in the said Counties of Hertford, Effexy MiddUfexy and the City of

London, of the Intention of the said Trustees to lease or demise the said Rates and Duties.

XLI. Provided also, That in case the said Trustees shall at any Time Jet the said Rates and Duties, they

shall, and are hereby required, during such Time as the Rates and Duties shall continue to be let as afore-

said, to keep constantly employed, at their own Costs and Charges, some proper Person, to be approved

of by the said Sir William Wake Baronet, and Peter Floyer Esquire, their respective Heirs and Assigns, and

such Person is hereby required to take and keep an exact and faithful Account in Writing of the Tonnage of

all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, which shall pass, from Time to Time, through the said Lock,

in the Cut near to Kings Weir aforesaid 5 and the said Sir William Wake Baronet, and Peter Floyer Esquire,

their respective Heirs and Assigns, shall have free Liberty, from Time to Time, to inspect such Accounts,

and to take Copies or Extracts thereof; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Sir William Wake Ba-

ronet, and Peter Floyer Esquire, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, within twenty Days before the

Expiration of every Year, to compare the fame with the Account kept by the Lessee of the said Tolls

arising at King's Weir\ and in case such Lefiee shall refuse to produce his Account to the said Sir IFilliam

Wake Baronet, and Peter Floyer Esquire, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, for the Space of ten Days

after Notice given for that Purpose, that then and in that Cafe his Lease mail, at the Expiration of the

Year, cease and determine.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted and, declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees

appointed or elected, or who shall hereafter be appointed or elected, by or in pursuance of the said Act of

the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and all, every, or any of them, shall have full

Power and Authority to act in the Execution of this present Act of Parliament, in all Respects, and to all

Intents and Purposes, as fully and effectually as if the several Provisions contained in this Act were in-

ferted in the Body of the said recited Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted. That the several Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall

be levied and recovered in the same Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are, by the said recited Act of

the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, directed to be levied and recovered, and shall be

applied for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, and this Act.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all Persons who shall think themselves ag-

grieved by the Order or Juvlgnie^t of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon account of any Offence-

committed, or supposed to be committed, against this Act, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for

either of the said Counties where the Offence was committed, or supposed to be committed, at any Ge-

neral Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held within the Space of six Calendar Months after such Cause

of Appeal shall happen, the Person or Persons so appealing first giving Security, to the Satisfaction of the

said Justice or Justices, to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to pay the Costs which shall be afeer-

tained by the said General Quarter Sessions, in case such Order or judgment shall be affirmed ; and the

Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine such

Appeal, and to make such Orders therein, and to award Costs, as to them shall appear just ; which Order*

shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable* by any Writ of CVr-

tiorari or otherwise, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westmin/hr, or elsewhere ; amt’that no

Order or Proceeding to be had by or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, relating to the Execution

of th Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only.

XLV. And be it further enacted. That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought or com-’

meneed against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action,

Suit, or Information, shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and

not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the Counties of Hertfordy EJI'exy or Middlsex% and not else-

• where j

S

