45s

Judge to mzke

Order for De-

Jivety of Prize

to Captor.

His Majesty may

% ve such further

Rule* and Direc-

tions to the

Couitt of Ad-

miralty, as he

Captures made

in America, to

be under the

j.tmt Gare of the

Officer* of the

Customt and

Captors, till con-

demned or ac-

quitted there.

Upon Condem-

nation, Prize to

be delivered to 7

the Cap tom

Book* and Writ*

ings found on

board any Prize,

how to be dif-

posed of.

Judge, or other

Officer in Ame-

rica, &c. guilty

of Neglect or

Delay in execut-

ing his Duty,

forfeits 5001.

with full Cost*

of Suit.

Fees of Court

on Condemna-

tion of Prices la

America, &c.

for.Vessels undec

loo Tons, 10L

fnralf above 15L

Upon Payment

of the Fee?,

Judges, 6cc. li-,

able to the above

Penalties for

N^gle^or Delay

of Duty. r

Judgment of the

Court may be

appealed from.

^ 1

Appeal to be

made within 14

D*0‘ after SerU

tc *3 S-cn-

r; .iff-be given

t*' ofecute the

f itC/ '

Fxrrution of

Sentence not to

be fulpcndH

theuupon, if the

Appellate give

£erurity for Vcf-

ot Value,’

C. 67. Anna cfecimo-nonaCcorgii III. A.D. 1779.

give good* 2nd sufficient Security to pay the said Claimant or Claimants the full Value thereof, according

to the Appraisement, in case any such Capture or Captures shall be adjudged not to be lawful Prize ; and

the said Judge or Judges shall thereupon proceed to make an Interlocutory Order for the releasing aBd de-

livering rhe fame to the f«iid Captor or Captors, or their Agents.

XIX. Provided always, That nothing in this A<£t contained' shall be construed to restrain Ms Majesty,

Ma Heirs and Successors, from giving such further Rules and Directions to his respective Courts of Ad-

miralty for the Adjudication and Condemnation of Prizes, as by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors*

with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall be thought necessary or proper.

flull judge proper.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Captures as aforesaid, which

shall be brought into any of his Majesty * Dominions in America, in order to be-proceeded against to Con-

demnation in any of his Majesty’s Vice-ad mi rally: Courts, shall, without breaking Bulks, stay there, and be

under the joint Care and Custody of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, or, where there is no

Comptroller, of the Naval Officers of the Port or Place where the fame shall be brought, and of the Cap-

tors thereof, or their Agents; subject to the Directions of the Court of Vice-admiralty, until the fame

shall, by final Sentence, have been either cleared and discharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful

Prize, or that such Interlocutory Order as aforesaid shall have been made for the releasing or delivering e£

the fame.; and* upon the Condemnation or Adjudication thereof as lawful Prize, shall, in case the fame

were taken by any private Ship or SJnps commissioned as aforesaid, be immediately delivered unto the

Captors thereof, or their Agents, to be by them disposedt of as their Goods and Chattels ; and in case tb£

fame were taken by fcny of his Majesty’s Ships.of War, unto such Person or Persons, and to be disposed of

and divided as his Majesty by his Proclamation hath already ordered arid directed, or his Majesty, .his

Heirs and Successors; shall, by Proclamation or Proclamations hereafter to be issued for those Purposes, or-

der and direct.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Books, Papers, and Writings,

found in any Ship or Vessel taken as Prize, shall without Delay be brought into the Registry of the Court

of Admiralty wherein such Ship or Vessel may be proceeded against in order to Condemnation ; but that

fitch only of the said Books, Papers, and Writings), shall be made use of and translated, as shall be agreed

or infilled upon by the Proctors of the several Parties, Captors or Claimants, or, in case of no Claim, bjp

the Captor or Regiller, to be necessary for ascertaining the Property of such Ship or Vessel, and Cargo

thereof.

XXII. -And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Judge or Judges, or other

Officer or Officers, in any of his Majesty’s Plantations or Dominions abroad, to whom respectively it shall

appertain, shall delay the doing, performing, making, or pronouncing, any of the several Proceedings,

Matters, or Things, for, towards, or relating to, condemning or discharging, releasing or delivering, of

any such Capture in Manner aforesaid, within the re(pe&rve Times herein-before limited, or as soon as

the fame, or any of them, ought to be done, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this A&; all

and every such Judge and Judges, and other Officer and Officers, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the

Sum of five hundred Pounds ; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the otbec

Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same irt

any of the Courts in or for any of his Majest/s Colonies or Plantations, or in any of his Majesty’s Courts

of Record within his Kingdom of Great Britain. ? -*

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall not be paid, unto or

among all the Judges and Officers of such Court of Admiralty in sny.of his Majesty’s Plantations or Domi-

nions abroad, for, towards, or relating to, the adjudging or condemning of such Capture as aforesaid as

lawful Prize, above the Sum of ten Pounds, in case such Prize, Ship, or Vessel, be under the Burthen of

one.hundred Tons; nor above the Sum of fifteen Pounds, in case the fame be of that or any greater Bur-

then ; and that upon Payment of either of the said vefpeflive Sums, as the Cafe shall require, to the said

Judge or Judges, or any of them, to be by him or them disposed or divided, as he or they shall think fit,

among the Officers of such Court, such Judges and Officers, and every of them, shall be liable to all and

every the several Penal cies hereby imposed for neglecting or delaying to do and perform their several and

respective Duties or Offices, in and relating to the several Proceedings aforesaid, within the respective

Times herein for that Purpose limited.

XXIV: Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any

Captor or Captors, Claimant or Claimants, shall not rest satisfied with the Sentence given in such Couit

of Admiralty in any of his Majesty’s Plantations or Dominions abroad, it shall and may be lawful for the

Party or Parties thereby aggrieved, to appeal from the said Court of Admiralty to the Commissioners ap-

pointed, or to be appointed, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, and deter-

mining, Appeals in causes of Prizes ; such Appeal to be intferposed and received in the like Manner as Ap«

pc.ils have been usually interposed and received from the High Court of Admiralty within this Kingdom;

so as the fame be made within fourteen Days after Sentence, and good Security be lilcewife given by the

Appellant or Appellants, that he or they will effectually prosecute such Appeal; and answer the Condem-

nation, and also pay Treble Costs, as shall be awarded, in case the Sentence of such Court of Admiralty

be affirmed ; any Thing in this Act before contained to the contrary hereof in-any wise notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always. That the Execution of any Sentence so appealed from as aforesaid, shall not

be suspended by reason of such Appeal, in case the Party or Parties appellate shall give sufficient Security,

to he approved of by the Court in which such Sentence shall be given, to restore the Ship, Vessel, Goo^s,

or Effects, concerning which such Sentence shall be pronounced, or the full Value thereof, to the Appel-

lant or Appellants, in case the Sentence so appealed from shall be rdverfed. * - * ; > u > ..

XXVI. And

