456

scriptton of the

Vessel, it* Car-

go, Number of

Gofis, &c,

Commanders of

commissioned

Ships to produce

their Commis-

fions to the Col-

lcdor, &c, of

the CuOomi;

who are to exa-

mine such Ships j

and if found

agreeable to the

Description, to

grant a Certifi-

cate thereof.

Penalty on Com-

mander leaving

Port without a

Certificate, &c.

Penalty on Col-

lector, Custom-

er, Sec. for grant-

ing a false Cer-

tificate.

BrerTfo for af- '

•er taining the

Tonnage.

V the Com-

mander of a

oommissioned

Ship shall agree

with any Person

belonging to any

Priae taken, for

the Aanfom

thereof, & c,

he shall be

deemed a Pirate,

and fuffet ac-

cordingly.

Offence* oir

board Privateers

ymniftiable in

the fame Man-

nar at on board

Ships of War*

Offenders ar-

•ttfitdof Clime*

C. 67. Anno decimo none Georg 11 III. A. D. 1779-

der to obtain any Commission to be granted or issued forth in purfaanee of this Act, shall make every

such Application in Writing; and therein set forth a particular, true, and exact Description of the Ship*

or Vessel for which such Commission is requested, specifying the Burthen of fetch Ship or Vessel, and the

Number and Nature of the Guns on board the fame, to what Place belonging, and the Name or Name*

of the principal Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, and the Number of Men intended to be put on

board the fame (all which Particulars shall be inserted in every Commission to be granted or issued in pur-

fuance of this Act) ; and that every Commander of a private Ship or Vessel of War, for which a Commis-

fion shall be granted or issued in pursuance of this Act, shall produce such Commission to the Collector,

Customer, or Searcher, for the Time being, of his Majesty’s Customs, residing at or belonging to the Port

from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be first fitted out, or to the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such

Collector, Customer or Searcher 5 and the fa id Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or his or their lawful

Deputy or Deputies, shall, as soon thereafter as conveniently may be, without Fee or Reward, insped

and examine such Ship or Vessel so as to ascertain the Burthen thereof, and the Number of Men, and

Number and Nature of the Guns on board the fame ; and if such Ship or Vessel shall thereupon be found

to be of such Burthen, and be manned* and armed according to the Tenor of the Description inserted in

such Commission as aforesaid, or be of a greater Burthen or Force than shall be mentioned in such Com*

million, then such Collector, Customer, or Searcher, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shallr

and he and they is and are hereby required immediately, upon the Request of the Commander of such

Ship or Vessel, to give a Certificate thereof, in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, gratis, to such

Commander; which Certificate shall be deemed a necessary Clearance before such private Ship or Vessel

shall be permitted to fail from that Port: And if the Commander of any Ship or Vessel, for which any

Commission shall have been granted or issued in pursuance of thi9 Ad, shall depart with such Ship*or Vef-

fel from such Port of Clearance before he hath received such Certificate, or shall depart from any fachi

Port, or proceed upon a Cruize, with a Force inferior to the Force specified in such Commission, or re-

quired by this Act, in every such Cafe the Commission for such Ship or Vessel shall from thenceforth be

absolutely null and void, and the Commander so offending, being convicted thereof before any Court of

Admiralty, shall be imprisoned, without Bail or Mainprize, for such Space of Time as the said Court shall*

direct, not exceeding one Year for any one Offence.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Collector, Customer, or Searcher*

of his Majesty’s Customs, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall grant a Certificate for any Ship*

or Vessel which shall not be of the Burthen and Force specified in the Commission granted to the Com-

mander or Commanders thereof, or of a greater Burthen and Force than shall be mentioned in such Com-

mission, he shall, for such Offence, forfeit his said Office, and be for ever after incapable of holding any*

Office in the Customs; and shall also forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered, by any

Person or Persons who will sue for the same, by Adionof Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of

his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster^ in which no Essoin, Protection* Wager of Law, or more

than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; andone Moiety of the said Penalty of one hundred Pounds, when

recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer for the Time

being to the Corporation for the Relief and Support of sick, maimed, and disabled Seamen, and of the

Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, (lain, or drowned, in the Merchants Service, for the

Use of such Corporation ; or where such Forfeitures shall beincurred in any of the Out-ports in which ar

Corporation is established, or shall hereafter be established, for the Purposes aforesaid, then a Moiety of

such Penalty shall be paid to the Trustees for the Use of the Corporation so established.

XII. Provided al ways. That the Number of Tons so to be certified, be ascertained according to the Rule*

laid down by an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled. An

Act for making a convenient. Dock or Bason at Liverpool, for the Security. of all Ships trading to or fiom tkr

fpid Port ^Liverpool.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in case at any Time or Times any*

Commander cr Commanders of any private Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels of War, commissioned a*

aforesaid, shall agree with the Commander or Commanders, or other Person or Persons, of or belonging,

to any Neutral or other Ship or Ships, Vessel'or Vessels, for the Ransom of any such Neutral*Ship,

or Ships, iVessel or Vessels, or the respective Cargo or Cargoes thereof, or any Part thereof, after

the fame shall have been taken as Prize, and shall, in pursuance of such Agreement or Agreements*

actually quit, set at Liberty, or discharge, any such Prize, or Prizes, instead of bringing the fame

into some Pbrt or Pbrt9 belonging to his Majesty’s Dominions ; that then all and every of the Com-

mander and Commanders of such private Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels of War, who shall agree foe

any such Ransom, and shall quit, set at Liberty, or discharge, any such Prize or Prizes in Manner afore-

said, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, guilty of Piracy, Felony, and Robbery* and he, they*

and every of them, being duly convicted thereof before any Court of Admiralty, shall have and fuffier such

Pains of Death, Loss of Land, Goods, and Chattels, as Pirates, Felons* and Robbers upon, the Sea*

ought to have and fufftr according to the Laws now in being.

4 XIV. And whereas, in all private Ships of War or Merchant Ships that shall Take out Letters of Marque*

* it is expedient, for the better Discipline and Government of such Ships, that all Persons who enter them-

u selves on board the (hid Ships should be under proper Regulations, and pay.Obedience to the lawful Com-

* mands of the Captains and Chief Commanders of the said Ships*,’ be it therefore enabled by the Autho-

rity aforesaid, That all Offences committed by any Officer or Seaman on board any Privateer or Mer-

chant Ship, having taken Letter of Marque, during the present Hostilities with France* shall be punished*

in such Manner as the like Offences are punishable on board his Majesty’s Ships of War.

XV. Provided always, That all Offenders who shall be accused of such Crimes as are cognizable only

by a Courtrmauial, shall he confined’on board such Privateer or Merchant Ship carrying Letter of Marque*

ow

