564

New Duties.

The aforesaid

^Duties to be paid

in ready Money

without Dif-

count; and to

be collected and

and recovered in

like Manner as

former Duties.

How to be ap-

plied.

Afterjuly 5,

1783, a Draw-

back to be al-

lowed on the

Exportation of

Tea to theifle of

Man.

In what Cafes

the said Draw-

back shall not be

allowed.

After July <,

J7S0, there may

be exported to

the Poit of

TDouglj*, from

England, yeai Iv,

'50,000 Gallons

of British Spirits,

and 30,coo Gal-

ions of Rum j

and io,cooGal-

fbns of Rum

from Scotland.

Nol icences for

expoittnp Goods

to fcc granted by

virtu- of the rr-

ci'cd At), until

£Lntry has been

jtiaie ot all f ch

Goods, e x pnIf-

ing toe Qu m.ity

and v, the

hJ.r.ir of the

JS. l &i' m (

C. 42. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

For every Pound Weight of Rohea Tea imported from England, six Pence:

For every Pound Weight of Green Tea imported from England, pne Shilling:

For every Pound Weight of Coffee imported from England, four Pence.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates and Duties herein-

before granted, {hall be paid down in ready Money without any Discoiint or Allowance, and shall be

raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, under the Authority and Direction of the Commissioners of

the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, in like Manner and Form, and by the

same Rules, Regulations, and under such Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things not

hereby altered, as the former Duties payable upon such Goods were raised^ levied, collected, and re-

covered, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Direc-

tions, Penalties and Forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body

of this present Act; and (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, levying, recovering, answer-

ing, paying, and accounting for the fame) the said Rates and Duties {hall from Time to Time be brought

and paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, distindtly and apart from all other Branches of the

public Revenue; and such Part thereof as {hall remain after the necessary Expences attending the Govern-

ment of the said Isle of Man, and the Admifiistration of Justice there, are from Time to Time defrayed,

{hall be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament.

4 IV. And whereas it may tend tQ encourage and promote, the lawful Importation of Tea into the faM

4 Island from Great Britain, and also to prevent the clandestine and illicit Trade therein which hath been

lately carried on there, if a Drawback of the Customs paid in Great Britain was allowed upon the Ex-

4 portation of Tea from thence to the said Island;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there

{hall be drawn back and allowed for all Tea which {nail be exported from this Kingdom asMerrfiandife

to the Isle of Man, in such Quantity respectively limited, and unde’r the fame Regulations in all RefpidU

us are prescribed in end by the herein-before recited Act m*de in the sevenfh Year of his Majesty’s Reign|

the several Duties of Customs which were paid upon the Importation-of such Tea; which Drawback or

Allowance shall be made to such Exporter in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Secu^

rities. Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Respects, as are allowed and prescribed for such Goods respectivelyi

when exported from Great Britain to Ireland.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby farther eiiadted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Drawback

allowed by this Act {hall not be allowed for’any Tea which shall not be exported1 directly from the Ware-f

house or Warehouses wherein the fame {hall be lodged, pursuant to the Directions of all of any of the fe*-

veral Acts now in Force for that Purpose. . . /

VI. And whereas the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England are authorised, in and by

the said recited Act, to grant Licence to any of his Majesty’s Subjects to export from any Port of England

4 into the Port of Douglas in the said Isle of Man% any Quantity of Spirits, not exceeding in the Whole

4 fifty thousand Gallons of British distilled Spirits, and thirty thousand Gallons of Rum of the Produce

4 of the British Plantations, in one Year: And whereas only a very small Part of the said Allowance of

fifty thousand Gallons of British distilled Spirits bath of later been imported into the said Island, and the

4 Allowance of thirty thousand Gallons of Rum, of* the Produce of the British Plantations, is become in-

€ sufficient for the Consumption of the said Island, by reason of the late Increase of Population, and of

the Herring Fishery ;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said

fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, instead of the Quantities of Spirits and Rum in

the said Act mentioned, the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in Great Britain respectively, or any

three of them, {hall and may grant Licence, without Fee or Reward (to continue in Force for the Term

of thirty Days), to any of his Majesty’s Subjects to export from any Port of England, into the Port of

Dotiglas in the Ijle of Jllan, but to no other, in British Ships navigated according to Law, any Quantity of

British distilled Spiiits not exceeding in the Whole forty thousand Gallons, and thirty thousand Gallons

of Rum, the Produce of the British Plantations; and from any Port in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland, ten thousand Gallons of such Rum, in one Year, in the same Manner, and under the fame Re-

gulations in all Respects, as if the said last-mentioned Quantity had been originally limited and prescribed

in and by the said Act, instead of the Quantity therein mentioned; and the Certificate directed by the

said Act to be transmitced to the Commissioners of the Customs at London, {hall, with respect to the

Quantity of Rum exported from Scot sand, be transmitted in like Manner to the Commissioners of his Ma-

jelly’s Customs at Edinburgh, any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not-

with Handing.

VII. And, for the better Prevention of Abuses, under Colour of the Licences granted by virtue of

the said recited Act to export the Goods therein mentioned from any Port of England into, the Port of

4 Douglas in the Ijle of Manj be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the

said fitch Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, no such Licence {hall be granted to any

Person or Persons whatsoever, to export any of the Goods therein mentioned to the said Ijle of Man, and

no such Licence shall be granted to any Person or Persons to export such Rum from any Port in that Part

of Great Britain called Scotland, in pursuance of this Act, before such Person or Persons shall have made

n true Entry cf all such Goods in Writing with the Collector and Comptroller of the Port from whence

such Goods are intended to be exported, expressing the Quantity and Quality thereof, with the Times of

the paying or securing his Majesty’s Duties inwards for the fame, and also of the Name of the Ship or

Vessel, and of the Master or Person having Charge of such Ship or Veftel, in which the said Goods are

intended to be exported; of which Entry a Copy, attested by the said Collector and Comptroller, beirc

1 produced

t^.o ole

