86

and to award

Executions,

with Cods, &c.

A Clerk and

Beadle ap-

pointed.

No Comnniflion-

iror Victualler

to hold any

Place of Profit

under this Act.

New Clerks anti

Beadles by

whom to be ap-

pointed*

Clerk to keep

Lids of Com-

missioner* fixed

up in the Court-

house j

and to iflne

Summonfee, Ac.

and enter Pro-

ceding* of the

Court.

Ihadle to serve

Summoufes, Ac.

Creditors may

sue for any Debt

not exceeding

forty Shillings,

nor less than

one Shilling.

How Summon*-

fes shall be

icrved.

CommifTi 'ners

injpovicu d lo

regulate th

P c e impsvf

the Court

C. 19. ' Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

Contrail as Specialty, as shall be brought before them in Manner as is herein-after mentioned, and to give

such Judgments, and to make such interlocutory and final Orders and Decrees therein, and to award such

Executions thereupon, with Costs, both against the Bodies, and the Goods and Chattels, of all and every

the Person and Persons against whom they (hull give or make any such Judgment, Order, or Decree, as to

them shall seem just and most agreeable to Equity and good Conscience; and if the Commissioners so aflem-

bled shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question that may come before them, the Commissioner

present, whose Name (lands first on the Lift of the Commissioners, herein-after directed to be kept in the

Court-house or Place where they shall respectively meet, shall have the calling Vote.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the said Court of Requests there

shall be one Officer called a Clerk, and another Officer called a Beadle; and that Joseph Robins Gentleman*

shall be and is hereby constituted and appointed Clerk of the said Court of Requests; and that John Ed-

wards shall be and is hereby constituted and appointed the Beadle of the said Court of Requests; which

said respective Offices, of Clerk and Beadle, they shall enjoy, and shall execute by themselves, or their

lawful Deputy or Deputies, so long as they shall behave themselves well in their said Offices.

IX. Provided always. That no Commissioner, nor any Person or Persons who shall keep any Vidlual-

ling-house, Alehouse, or other public Place of Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer*

spirituous or other strong Liquors, by Retail, shall be capable of holding any Place of Profit belonging to

the said Court.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall happen that thd Office

of Clerk or Beadle of the said Court shall become vacant, either by Death, Resignation, or Milbchaviour

of either of the said Officers, the Office, so become vacant, shall be executed by such Person or Persons as

shall, in this Behalf, be nominated and appointed by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the respective

Manors of Old Swinford and Amblecoat, for the Time being, who is and are hereby authorised, impowered,

and required, to nominate and appoint, under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, fucti

Clerk and Beadle, in Consideration of, and as a Compensation for, the Prejudice or Damage to, or Dimi-

nution of, the Business of the respective Courts Baron of the said respective Manors of Old Swinford and

Amblecoat; the first Nomination and Appointment upon such Vacancy to be made by the Lord or Lords,

Lady or Ladies, of the said Manor of Old Swinford, for the Time being, and the next or succeeding No-

mination and Appointment to be made by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the said Manor of Amble-

coat, for the Time being, and so alternately in all succeeding Vacancies of Clerk and Beadle; and, until

such Nominations and Appointments shall be made, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the

said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled as aforesaid, to appoint such Officers respec-

tively, to do the Business of the said Court, until such Nominations and Appointments shall, from Time to

Time, be made as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk herein-before named and

chosen, and his Successors, from Time to Time to be appointed as aforesaid, or his or their lawful Deputy,

shall make, and cause to be fixed up in some convenient Place of the Court-house, or Place where the said

Court shall be from Time to Time held, fair and complete Lifts, in Writing, of the Commissioners here-

in-named and appointed, or to be elected and appointed, as aforesaid; and shall also issue, or cause to be

issued out, all Summonses, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, and Precepts, and register and enter, or

cause to be registered and entered, all causes, Orders,'Decrees, and Judgments, and other Acts and Pro-

ceedings of the said Court, in Paper Books, to be from Time to Time provided by him, and kept for that

Purpose; and that the Beadle herein-before named, or from Time to Time to be appointed as aforesaid,

or his Deputy, shall, and he is hereby impowered and required to serve and execute, or cause to be served

and executed, all such Summonses, Orders, Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, Executions, and Pre-

cepts; and to do and perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as arc herein directed and appointed to

be done by him.

XII* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this

Act, it fh all and maybe lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who now hath or

have, or hereafter shall or may have, any Debt or Debts arising or accruing within the said Parish of Old

Swinford* not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, nor Ids than the Sum of one Shilling, and due or

owing to him, her, or them, by or from any Person or Persons whatsoever inhabiting, residing, or trading

within the Parish of Old Swinford aforesaid, or any Part thereof, to apply to the Clerk of the said Court,

or his Deputy for the Time being, who shall immediately make an Entry in his Book of the Cause* ex-

pressing the Names of the Parties, and the Sum demanded; and shall thereupon make out and deliver a

Summons, in Writing, under his Hand, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum de-

manded of him, her, or them, and the Name or Names of such Party or Parties demanding the fame,

thereby requiring and commanding such Debtor or Debtors to appear at the next Court, to be held before

the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Demand; and the Beadle of the^ Taid Court shall

forthwith feive, or cause to be served, such Summons on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by

leaving the fame at the Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other

Place of Dealing or Working of such Debtor or Debtors, within the Parish of Old Swinford aforesaid; and

the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, upon Proof made of the Service of such Sum-

mons, have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to make due Enquiry, upon the Oath of any

legal Witness or Witnflies, or by Confellion of the Party summoned, concerning such Demand; and to

pronounce and give such final Sentence or Judgment, and to make such Interlocutory or final Orders and

Decrees therein, as to them shall seem most just and equitable.

4 XIII, And, for the better regulating the Proceedings of the said Court, and rendering this Act effec-

tual for th_* Purpose intended,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for

the Tunc being, or any nine or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act,

from

