A.D. 1777. Anno decimo /eptimo Georgii III. C. 45. 117

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person orPeifons shall think him, her, or themselves P«rfon*aggnev-

aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may, within the Space of 1°

(our Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace h™, 1'*

at any General Qiniter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, wherein the

Cause of Complaint shall arise, such Appellant giving, or causing to be given, twenty-one entire Days on giving twen-

Notice, at the lead, in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause !j‘one

or Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons whose Acts are complained against; and within eight Days ot,ce, c*

after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some such Justice as aforesaid, with two sufficient Se-

curities, conditioned to try such Appeal at, 2nd abide the Order of, and pay such Cods as {hall be awarded

by, the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices, upon due Proof of the Notice so given,

and of the Recognizance so taken, shall proceed to hear and determine the causes and Matters of such

Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Cods to the Party appealing or appealed ;>gainst, as they the

said Justices shall think proper, and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be binding and con- D'ternflnadon

elusive to all Intents agd Purposes ; and no Order made, concerning any of the Matters aforesaiJ, or any £e ina1^

other Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender against this Act, shall be quashed n*

for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his.

Majesty’s Courts of Record at WestminsUr.

CAP. XU IT.

An Act for repealing the eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates, so far as the fame relates to

mak:rtg any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and Railins, and for

making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties in lieu thereof*, and for

explaining the said Rule with re'pest to such Allowance for Damage on other Goods *, and

to permit the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar

Colonies or Plantations in the ii'ejl Indies, for a limited Time.

Prcimbld.

AO 12 Can II*

recited.

and is now in Force, excepting such Alterations as have been since made with respect to Wines and

Tobacco, it is provided, That if any Tobacco, or other Goods or Merchandise, brought into this

4 Kingdom, shall receive any Damage by Salt-water, or otherwise, so that the Owner thereof shall be

4 prejudiced in the Sale of such Goods, the principal Officers of the Custom-house, or any two of them,

4 whereof the Collector for the Time being to be one, shall have Power to chuse two indifferent Mer-

4 chants, experienced in the Value of such Goods, who, upon visiting the said Goods, shall certify and

4 declare, upon their corporal Oaths fiift administered by the said Officers, what Damage such Goods*

4 have received, and are lessened in their true Value ; and according to such Damage, in relation to the

4 Rates set on them in the said Brok of Rates, the said Officers are to make a proportionable Abatement,-

4 unto the Merchant or Owner, of the Subsidy due for the fame : And whereas frequent Disputes do arise

4 between the Officers of the Custams and the Merchants in adjustingthe Allowances which Currants and

4 Raisins may deserve and be intitled to, it having been found by Experience extremely difficult to distin-

4 guish what Damage such Goods have received by unavoidable Accident in theCouifeof the Voyage,

4 Irom the natural and conflquential Decay some of these Articles are particularly liable to fiom heating,.

4 if of an inferior Quality, or packed in bad Condition before they are shipped in foreign Parts, which

4 has put the Merchants, trading in these Commodities at different Ports in this Kingdom, upon a very

4 unequal Footing, and been, very prejudicial to the public Revenue:* Now, for Remedy whereof, be it

enacted by the King’s nvdt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual,

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,.

That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June) one thousand seven hundr ed and seventy-seven, the.

said eleventh Rule, annexed to the said Book of Rates, so far as the fame relates ro Currants anJ Raisins,

shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, made void, and shall no longer be put in Pr aft ice ; any Thing

in the said Act of Tonnage and Poundage, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary in

anywise notwithstanding.

4 II* And whereas it may be reasonable to make the Merchants importing such Goods a certain Com-

4 pensation for the Allowance they would be ini 1 led to out of the several Duties, in proportion to the

4 different Damage such Goods may be liable to, whereby the Revenue may be coSlefted with greater Cer-

4 tamty, and not so liable to Abuse;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and

after the said twenty-fourth Day of Jure, it shall and may be lawrul for the prep* r Officers of the Cuf-

toms, at the several Ports in this Kingdom, to m;\ke the following Abatement or Deduction, from the net

Amount of the Duties payable upon the Importation of the several Goods herein-after expressed, to the

Merchant or Merchants importing the lame; that is to say. For Currants, eight Pounds per Centum; for

Raisins Soli-, one Pound per Centum; for Smyrna Rafins, six Pounds per Centum \ for Li pari. Faro, Bel-

vide re, and Great or Lexia Raisins, ten Pounds per Centum ; and for Denia Raisins, twenty Pounds per

Centum; which said several Abatements shall be deemed and taken to be in lieu of all former Allowances

such Goods were respectively intitled to in consideration of any Dam?ge whatsoever j any Law, Custom,

or U.age to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And

After Jdne 24/•

1777. the 1 rh

Rule in the

Book of Rates,

so far ts it relate*

to Currants and

Rafins, fhil) be

repealed.

C.rain Deduc-

tions to be made

from the Dur c%

pay. hie on 'he

ImfOrUtit^i c£

Curran'S ,nd

Rlifim.

