8+

Common Coun-

cil impose eJ 10

apro nt Com-

juiuees*

No Member of

the Con miltee

to hold any

Place of Profit,

&c.

Persons aggriev-

ed may appeal to

the Quarter Scf-

£ons«

Proceedings not

to he qu.fshed for

Want of Firm,

&C.

Writings may be

without Stamps.

Pyrenees of this

Act how to be

|M‘d.

L'nrifation of

Actions*

Central I flue.

Treble Costs.

Public A&.

Preambles

Commissionera

•fpomted j

G. 18, 19. Anno decimo feptimo Georg 11 III. A.D. 1777.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Al-

dermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, from Time to Time, to appoint one or more

Committee or Committees, to manage and transaft all or any of the Matters or Purpjfes which they the

said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Comment Council assembled, are hereby authorised or required

to do, execute, or perform ; which Committee or Committees, so to be appointed, fluff! have such Powers

and Authorities as shall from Time to Time be given or delegated to them re'peftively, by the said Mayor,

Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, who are hereby accordingly authorised and

impowered to delegate all or any of such Powers and Authorities.

XXXVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be

eligible or capable of acting as a Member of such Committee, chring such Time as he shall have or execute

any OiTice or Place of Profit by or under the Authority of this Act, or during such Time as he shall have

any Share or Interest in any Contrail or Agreement for effecting any of the Purposes of this Act.

XXX VIII. Provided also, and be it fur liicr cnafteJ by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Per-

son or Persons shall think him, her, or themlclves aggrieved, by any Orders or Proceedings of any Juf-

tice or Justices of the Peace, which shall be made or had under this Act, it shall and may be lawful for

such Person or Persons to appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next General Quaitcr Stfffhns of the

Peace, to be holden for the said City of London, or the said County of Middlesex, or the said County of

Surry, as the Cafe may be ; and the Justices, at such said General Quarter Sessions, are hereby required

to hear and finally determine every such Appeal and Appeals, and shall award to the Party or Parties fur

whom such Appeal shall be determined, such Costs as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable,

and shall raise and levy, by their Order or Warrants, such Colls as shall be awarded, by Distress and Sale

of the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons who shall he ordered to pay the fame.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Order wivch shall be made

by any Justice or Justices, by virtue of or under this Act, or any other Proceedings to be had touching the

Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders again!! this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for

Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process uhatsoever,

into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster.

XL. ProvideJ also, and be it further enacted, That no Contraft, Agreement, Assignment, Entry,

Copy, or Proceeding, by this Act directed or authorised to be executed, made, or given, shall be charged

or chargeable* or subject or liable to any Duty whatsoever.

XLI. And be it further enacted, 7'hat all Costs, Charges, and Expcrtces of passing this Act, and all

other Charges incident to the obtaining thereof, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed, out of the first Monies

to arise by virtue of this Act.

XLII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought, or Suit

commenced, against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation

to the Premises, or any of them, every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought within six Calendar

Months next after the Fast done, and shall be laid or brought in the City of London, or the County where

the Matter shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the

General Ifiue, and give this Act and the special Matters in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and

that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act : And if the fame shall appear to

have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be brought within the Time before limited,

or shall be brought in any other City, County, or Place, than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for

the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discon-

tinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff' or Plaintiff s,

or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the said Defendants shall

have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant of Defendants

hath or have for Costs in other Cafes by Law.

XLIII. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public

Act ; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whoni-

soever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XIX.

An Act: for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Parlfli of Old

Svfirford, in the Counties of Worceficr and Stafford.

4 \\7 HER E AS, within the Parish of Old Swinford, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, there

4 VV now are, and for many Years part have been, divers Manufactories of Iron, Glass, and Cloth,

4 and other Trades, carried on in a very large and extensive Manner ; and there are also divers Mines of

4' Coal and Clay within the said Parish, and many Thousands of Person* are constantly employed in the

4 different Manufactories and Mines ; piany of whom contract several small Debts, wh ch, in the Whole,

c amount yearly to a very considerable Sum of Money : And, although many such Debtors are well able

4 to pay their respective Debts, yet they often refuse so to do, presuming on the Ducouragements their

4 Creditors lie under, from the great Expence they are unavoidably put unto, and the Delays they meet

4 with, in suing for the fame ; and, as an easy and speedy Method of recovering small Debts within the

4 said Parish of Old Swinford, will greatly contribute to promote Industry, and support and encourage

c Trade and Credit therein;’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con Cent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That the Lord or Lords of the Manor of Old Swinford) and the Lord or Lords of the Manor of AmbUcoaty

Within

