472 C. 69. Anno cfecimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779*

whatever Burthen the fame may be, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel,

shall be forfeited and lost.

After Aug. 1, II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,. That, from and after the said first Day

1779. when any of Augufly one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, when any Tea, Coffee, foreign Brandy, or

^therGood!*nc ot^er forc*gn Spirituous Liquors, or any Goods whatsoever, are liable to Forfeiture for being found oil

habic to^orfeiu b°ard any Ships or Vessels coming or arriving from foreign Parts, at Anchor, or hovering within the Li-

me for being * mits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within two Leagues of the Coasts thereof, or for having

found on board been discovered to have been within the Limits of any Port, contrary to any Act of Parliament now'

any Ship coming jn Force, the Ship or Vessel, if coming or arriving from any Part of Europe, on board which such Goods

p°7 shall be so found, together with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall b6

Ax. oVhovTnng’ forfeited, provided such Ship or Vessel doth not exceed the Burthen of two hundred Tons.

on the Coasts, the said SI 1 ip, if not above loo Tons, shall be forfeited, with her Guns, Ac.

Keeit i cf an * III. And whereas by an Act, m>ade in the eighth Year bf the Reign of his late Majesty King George

Act 8 Geo. I, 4 the First, it was, amongst other Things, enacted? That if any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge, or

4 Galley, rowing, or made or built to row, with more than four Oars, should be found upon the Water,

4 or in any Place within the Counties of Middlesexi Surrey, Kent^ or or in the RiVer Thames, either

* above or below London Bridge, or within the Limits of the Ports ofLcndon, Sandzuich, or Ipfwieh, such

4 Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge, or Galley, with all her Tackle and Furniture, or the Value thereof,

4 should be forfeited, and the Owner or Owners thereof, or any Person iifing or rowing the fame, should

4 also forfeit and lose the Sum of forty Pounds; in which Act rt was provided, that the said Act should

4 not extend to any Barge or Galley belonging to his Majesty, br any of the Royal Family, or to any

4 Long-boat, YaUl, or Pinnace, belonging to or used in the Service of any Merchant Ship or Vessel, or

4 to any such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge, or Galley, as should bb licensed by the Lord High Ad-

4 miral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the major Part of them for

4 the Time being, upon sufficient Security to be given to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by the

4 Owner or Owners cf such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge, or Galley, as in the said Act is directed,

4 with Condition that the fame should not be made ufc of in the clandestine Running of uncustomed and

The r,ij Act so * Proki*Bited Goods : And whereas it may be a Means to prevent and discourage the pernicious Practice of

far as it relates Smuggling, if the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Restrictions, were extended to such Boats and other

to 4 Vtflels as are made or built to row, or are found rowing with more than fix Oars, within any other Part

*c. built torow c of this Kingdom \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first

with more tbaa Day of Atigufty one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, the said in Part’recited Act, and the several

i^thcCount.M Clause$, Penalties, Forfeitures and Restrictions, therein Contained (not altered by this Act), so far as the

therein motion- fame relate to Boats, Wherries, Pinnaces, Barges, or Gallies, rowing, or made or built to row, with

ed, shall be ex- more than four Oars, within the Counties and Places in the said Act mentioned, shall extend, and be con-

tended to Boat*, ftrued to extend, to all Boats, Wherries, Pinnaces, Barges, Gallies, or other Vessels whatsoever, rowing,

&c. built to row or macje or built to row, with more than fix Oars, which shall be found, either upon the Land or Water,

nt Oa^Onany within any HarboOr^ Port, or Place whatsoever, in any other Part of Great Britain, or within two League*

Part cf GreatY of the Coast thereof,* subject nevertheless to the several Exceptions relative thereto as in the said recited

Brit*»n. Act is and are particularly provided. ‘

*1 h s Act not to IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing, herein contained shall extend, or be con-

exterd to Com- ftiued to extend, to the Commanders of any of his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels, or Vessels employed in the

macdm of hi* Transport Service, with respect to foreign Spirituous Liquors put on board them, to be issued by way of

•r^Tran* ortP* Allowance to the respective Ships Companies, or Troops put on board them.'

VdT.1*, &c. 5 V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall beconftiued taextend to Boat*

nonot’ow-boats commonly called Tow-boats (used in towing Ships or Vessels), belonging to licensed Pilots within the

in the poit of Port and Jurisdiction of the City of Bristol

JVin°l* VI. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Ships, Vessels, and Boats, forfeited

forfeited bythU l^ls Act, flaall and may be seized and arrested by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise*

Act may be and shall and may be prosecuted, condemned, and recovered, in the same Manner as other Ships and

jeized by any of- Vessels are directt d to be prosecuted, condemned, and recovered, by an Act, made in the third Year of

Acer of Custom* the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Improvement of his Majesty s Revenue cf

or Excise* Customs y and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures, and for the Prevention of the clandeJUne Run-

When any Ship*, tting of Goods into any Part of his Majestys Dominions \ and that when any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, liable to

Ac. shall be seized Forfeiture by this Act, which, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, is after Condemnation

is are nor fit for liable to be burnt or destroyed, or to be used in his Majesty’s Service, shall be seized by any Officer of

his Maj^Ay sSrr- Customs or Excise as forfeited, and the fame shall not be thought fit or necessary to be used in his Ma-

may’be b.oken * jesty’s Service, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Commissioners of Customs and Excise, after

up and fold. Condemnation, to direct the Hull of every such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, to be broken up, and the Mate-

rials of every such Hull to be sold to the belt Advantage, and the Produce thereof to be divided in the fame

Manner as the Produce of the Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, of Ships, Vessels, and Boats, burnt and

In whit Cafit* destroyed, is now directed to be divided ; and no Writ of Delivery shall be granted out of the Court of

Writs of Deli- Exchequer for any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, so seized by any Officer of the Customs or Excise, and

granlcd'o^t^of which by any former Act relating to the Customs or Excise is directed to be burnt or destroyed, or to be

' th^Exchequer used *n his Majesty’s Service, and which is hereby liable to be broken up, unless the Officer seizing the

far such Ships, fame shall delay proceeding to the Trial and Condemnation thereof for the Space of three Terms; and

in that Cafe, not without good Security being given, in double the Value of uich Ship, Vessel, or Boat,

to return the lame upon Condemnation, in order to be broken up, or used in his Majesty’s Service.

VIII. And

^.oooole

