The TITLES of the STATUTES.

went in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled to the

Uses to which the said Manors or Lordships do now Hand

settled.

42. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange

agreed to be made between the Right Honourable Horatio

Lord Walpole, and Thomas William Coke Esquire, of divers

Lands, in the County of Norfolk,comx>r\(ed in the Marriage

Settlement of the said Horatio Lord Walpole, and devised

by the Will of Thomas Earl of Leicester, deceased ; and

for settling the Lands given in Exchange to each Party

to such ana the fame IJfes as the Lands for which the

fame are exchanged flood settled and limited.

43. An Act for vetting certain Messuages in the City of

London, Part of the Estates late of Charles Lord Viscount

Irwin, deceased. in Trustees, to be sold, and for pur-

chafing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

44. An Act for vetting the Real Estates, late of Roger Gee,

of Bishop Burton in the County of York, Esquire, de-

ceased, ut Trustees, to raise Money, by Sale or Mort-

-gage thereof, for discharging Incumbrances thereon, and

the Debts and Legacies or the said Roger Gee \ and for

Other Purposes therein mentioned.

45. An Act for vetting Part of the Real Estates of Thomas

More Mohneux, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be

fold, for Payment of such of his Debts and Legacies as

now remain unsatisfied.

An Act for incorporating the Trustees of the Charities

established by the Settlements and Will of Henry Raine

' Esquire, deceased, and to enable them to take the Free-

hold and Leasehold Estates, Monies, and Funds, granted,

aftrgned, settled, and given, for and towards the Support

and Maintenance of the said Charities, to them and their

Successors, in Perpetuity, for the charitable Uses and

Purposes in the said Settlements and Will expressed, and

for the better Regulation and Management of the said

Charities.

47. An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates of

Thomas Copley Esquire, in Trustees, for a Term of one

thousand Years, in Trust, to raise, by Way of Mort-

gage thereof, a Sum of Money, for the Purposes therein

mentioned.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Heath Lands,

called The South Heaths and The North Heath, in the

Parish of Wellhourn cum Sapperton, in the County of

Lincoln.

*9- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds

lying within the Parish and Liberties of Shennington, in

the County of Gloucester.

30. An Act, for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Failures, Common Meadows,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and

within the Manors and Parishes of Stratton Dudley in

the County of Oxford, and Caversfield, in the County

of Bucks.

51. An Act to enable John Ingilhy Esquire (lately called

John Wright) to take, use, and bear the Surname and

Arms of Ingilhy, pursuant to the Will of Sir John Ingilhy

Baronet, deceased.

5*. An Act to enable Richard Gee the younger, Esquire,

and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname, and

bear the Arms, of Carew, pursuant to the Will of Sir

Nicholas Hackett Carew Baronet, deceased*

53. An Act for rendering; effectual an Act made in the

seventeenth Year of his present Majesty, for dividing

and inclosing the Commons or Watte Lands within the

Manor of Whittington, in the County of Salop.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Half Year Lands, Fen Lands* Lammas Meadows, Heaths,

Commons, and Watte Lands, within the Parish of Foul*

deny in the County of Norfolk.

55. An Act for dividing the Park of Pontefract, in the

County of York •, and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

56. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Grounds, wiuiin the Township of Moss, other-

wife Moseley, in the Parish of Campfall, and also the

Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons,

and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Kirk Bram*

withy in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

57. An Act . for vetting in Trustees the Capital MeflTuage,

with the Appurtenances, at Croydon, in the County of

Surrejy known by the .Name of the Palace of the Arch-

bishop of Canterbury, and two Closes near thereto ad-

joining, in Trust, to sell the same, and for disposing of,

and applying the Money to arise thereby, and received

on account of the Dilapidations thereof, an<Tother Mo-

ney, in the Manner, and for the Purposes therein men-

tioned.

‘ 5$. An Act for vesting certain Manors and Hereditaments,

situate in the County of Lincoln (which, by the Will of

Thomas Hun.berfton Esquire, deceased, were devised to

Thomas Frederick Mackenzie Humberston Esquire, for his

Life, with several Remainders over in strict Settlement),

in Trustees, for the Purpo/e of felling the fame, and

> laying out the Monies to arise from such Sale in the

Purchase of certain other Hereditaments, Part of the

Estates of the Right Honourable Kenneth Mackenziey

Ea»l of Seaforth in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be settled

to the Uses to which the Eltaces intended to be sold now

stand limited.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within

the Manor and Parish of Thrapftony in the County of

Northampton.

60. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea-

dows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of

and within the Parish of Brixworth, otherwise BrickleJ-

worth, in the County of Northampton.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Com-

mons, or Waste Grounds, in the Manor or Township

of Grewekhorp, in the Weft Riding of the County of

York.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste

Grounds, in Little Catworthy in the County of Hunt-

■ingiion.

THE

