56*

fter Jan, i,

1781, (except

Prize Tobacco)

there shall be

paid an additional

Duty of 1 d. per

Pound } befidea

the additional

5 per Cent*

granted by 19

Geo.lll.Cap.15*

New Duty to be

collected and re-

covered, &c. in

the same Manner

as the former

Duties on To-

bacco (except

where altered by

this Act); and

to be paid into the

Exchequer by the

Receiver- general

of the Customs.

A Ceparate Ac-

count to be kept

an the Auditor's

Office of all

Monies paid in

by virtue of this

A a.

How to be ap-

plied.

Upon Export-

ation of such.

Tobacco, a

Drawback to be

allowed of all

the Duties paid

upon Imputa-

tion by virtue of

this Act*

Continuance ti

this Act.

Preamble.

Recital of 15

Geo. HI* Cap.

2*

Cs ^Oa

Anno vicesimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1780.

from any Island or Place from whence the fame may be lawfully imported) not being the Island or Place

of the Growth or Produce of such Tobacco (except Tobacco taken and condemned as Prize), there shall

be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty of

one Penny for every Pound Weight of such Tobacco, which shall be paid down in ready Money, without

any Discount or Deduction whatsoever; and shall be also subject and liable to an additional Impost or Duty

of five Pounds per Centum, in the same Manner, and under the fame Regulations, as the additional Duty

of five Pounds per Centum is granted to his Majesty by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament (inti-

tuled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the

Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain).

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty herein-before

granted, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in such Manner and Form, and by such

Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures (except where any Alt€ration ,

made by this Act), as the former Duties now payable to his Majesty upon such Tobacco are raised, levied, ‘

paid, and recovered, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers,

Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, respectively relating thereto, were, particularly repeated and again

enacted in the Body of this present Act; and shall be p.iid into the‘Hands of the Receiver-general of the

Customs in England, and shall be by him paid (the necessary Charges of ralfing, collecting, and answering

the fame, only excepted) into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, distinct am) apart ft*ocn all other

Monies which such Receiver-general shall receive for the Use of his Majesty, for tfi£ Uses ind Purposes in'

this Act mentioned. ' ' 1 "

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That* there shall be provided and kept in

the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer a Book pr Books, in which all the Monies

arising from the Duties hereby granted, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, (hallj>e! entered separate

and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his HefeS knd'SuceHibr?^ upon any Ac-

count whatsoever; and the said Money/fo paid ipto the said Receipt 6PExchdfyjef as afefrefaid, {hall, to-

gether with such other Rates, Duties, and Revenues, as (half be granted by any Act or Acts of this

Session of Parliament for this Purpose, be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all such

other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an Act of this present

Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Monty by way of Annuities, and for

establ'i(king a Lottery

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Ex-

portation of such Tobacco from this Kingdom to ianv Part' beyond the Seas as Merchandise, the Ex-

porter shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of all the before-mentioned Duties paid upon the Importation'

of such Tobacco by virtue of this Act; which Drawback or Allowance shall be made in such Manner*

and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all' Respects, as any former Drawback

or Allowance, payable out of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation of such Tobacco, was* could*

or might be made before the passing of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in Force

during the present Hostilities^ and no longer. > \

CAP. XL,:

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of his MajestyVReign*

(for settling Buckingham House upon the Queen% in lieu of Somerset House; and for other

Purposes)y as enables the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury to apply the Sums ne-

ccssary for completing Somerset House, out of the Aids granted for Naval Services* or our

of any of the Revenues arising from the Receipt of the several Offices to be erected and

establifiled by virtue of the said Act. ’ '

4 TT 7 HEREAS by an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled*

4 y V An Act for settling Buckingham House with the Appurtenances upon the Queen y in caje Jhefballsurvivt

4 his Majesty, in lieu of his Majesty s Palace of Somerset House; for enabling the Lords Commissioners of his

Majesty s Treasury to fell and clijpofe■ of Ely House in Holborn; and for applying the Money to drift by Sale

4 thereof together w ith other Monies, in erecting and establishing Public Vjfices in Somerset House?' and for cm-

4 banking certain Parts of the River Thames lying within the Bounds of the Manor of the Savoy and Jfor

4 other Purposes therein mentioned; it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That in case the Money, arising

4 by the Sale or Sales, Demises or Surrenders of Ely Housey and other the Premises vested in the Commit

4 sioners of his Majesty’s Treasury to be sold or demised, should not be sufficient to answer the Purposes

4 for which the lame was appropriated, it should and might be lawful for the Commissioners of his Ma-

4 jetty’s Treasury, or any three of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, out of aJl or

4 any of the Aidj or Supplies granted or to be granted by Parliament, for or towards all or any of the

4 Naval Services, or out of all or any of the Revenues arising or to arise to his Majesty, within the Re-

4 ceipt, Management, or Government, of all or any of the several Offices erected and established, or to

4 be erected and established, by virtue of the said Act, to order and direct, from Time to Time, such Sum

and Sums of Money as he or they should judge necessary for answering the Purposes, and carrying the

4 Intentions of the said Act into ciffeftual Execution: And whereas large Suras of Money have already

4 been expended on the Buildings at Somerset House more than have arisen from the Sale of Ely House, and

the other Premises mentioned in the said Act; and further large Sums of Money will be necena/y to

4 complete the said Buildings: And whereas the Method prescribed for issuing the Money under the said

2 4 Act

