54°

The Bridge to be

a public one.

Bricks may be

used for turning

the Archei.

Dimensions of

the Middle

Ar<.h, See.

Undertakers

may inclose a

Piece of Com-

mon for b 'tiding

a Toll-house,

Ac.

Undertakers

may get Stone*

and Materalt

within the Ma-

nor»*

Bridge, &c and

Materials veiled

in the Under-

takers,

Punishment fer

wilfully damag-

ing the Bridge.

Barze Owner*

to b~ answerable

for Damage*

done by their

Servant*.

The Bridge to

be deemed extra*

parochial* and

not a County

Bridge,

C. 27, Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

Stone Bridge across the said River, at or near the said Ferry, fit and proper for the Passage of Travellers

and Carriages, and to keep the fame in good Repair for ever; and for that Purpose, to cause any Shelves

or other Obstrudtions in the said River to be removed, and all Beds of Gravel, Sand, Mud, or other im-

pediment, to be taken away, and the Banks of the said River to be dug and cut, in such Manner as shall

be necessary and proper for building the said Bridge; and from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter,

to do, or Cause to be done, all other Things necessary and convenient for erecting, supporting, and main-

taining the said Bridge; and after the said Bridge shall be built as aforesaid, the lame shall for ever be and

remain a public Bridge; and all Persons, Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, shall have free Liberty (upon

Payment of the respective Tolls herein-after granted) to pass over the fame, wiihout any Hindrance or Inter-

ruption of or by the said Undertakers, their Heirs or Assigns, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein-before contained shall restrain the said Undertakers, their

Heirs and Assigns, from making Use of Bricks, for the Purpose only of turning the Arches and Upper

|Works of the said Bridge.

III. Provided also, That the Center or Middle Arch of the said Bridge shall be at least thirty Feet wide

in the Clear, nnd at least fifteen Feet high above the usual Height of the Water in the said River, in

order that a sufficient PaiLge may be left for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; and that

the Carriage Way over the said Bridge shall be twelve Feet wide at the lealt, any Thing in this A it to the

contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it dial! and may be lawful for the said

Undertakers, their Heirs and Assigns, to inclose a Piece of Ground, Part of the Commons and Wade

Lands within the said Manors, contiguous to the said Bridge, not exceeding one Acre, and to build a

Toll-house upon Part thereof, and to make Use of the Remainder for a Yard and Garden to such Toll-

house, or for such other Purpose as they shall think proper; and when the said Piece of Ground shall be

so inclosed, the fame shall be, and is hereby vested in the said Undertakers, their Heirs and Assigns, for

ever, without making any Recompence fur the fame to the said Tornkyns Dew% or any other Person or Pei-

fons whomsoever.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said

Undertakers, their Heirs and Assigns, their Servants and Workmen, from Time to Time to search for

and dig, and to Like and carry away, such Quantity or Quantities of Stones as they shall think proper, in,

upon, and from any of the Lands belonging to the said Tornkyns Dew, within the said Manors, for the

Purpose only of building and repairing the said Bridge and Toll-house, they the said Undertakers, their

Heirs and Assigns, making Satisfaction to the Occupiers of such Lands, for the Damage that shall be done

thereby; and that it shall and may also be lawful for the said Undertakers, their Heirs and Assigns, their

Servants and Woikmen, from Time to Time, to search for and dig Sand and Gravel, and also Brick-

earth or Clay, and to make and burn Bricks in and upon any of the Commons and Waste Lands within

the said Manors, and to carry away such Sand, Gravel, Earth, or Clay, and Bricks, for the Purpose only

of building and repairing the said Bridge and Toll-house, without making any Recompense for the fame

to the said Tomkyns Dew, or to any other Person whomsoever 5 they the said Undertakers, their Heirs and

Assigns, their Servants and Workmen, filling up the Pits, and levelling the Ground from whence such

Stones, Gravel, Sand, Earth, or Clay shall be taken, so that the fame shall not be dangerous to Passengers

or Cattle.

VI And be it further enacted, That the said Bridge and Toll-house, and also any Turnpike, or other

Matter or Thing, which may be ercCted or made by virtue of this Act; and all the Stones, Bricks, and

other Materials, which shall be provided for making and repairing the fame, shall be, and are hereby vested

in the said Undertakers, their Heirs and Assigns; and they are hereby authorised and impowered, in the

Name of any one of them, to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, or to prefer and pro-

fecute, or order and direct the preferring and prosecuting of Indictments against any Person or Persons

who shall It jal, t;:ke, or carry away, any of the said Stones, Bricks, or Materials, or do any Act to hinder

or obstruct any Person or Persons employed by the said Undertakers, their Heirs or Assigns, in the Exe-

cution of this Act.

VII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall wilfully or mati-

ciously pull down, destroy, or damage, or attempt to pull down, destroy, or damage, the said Bridge, or

any Part thereof, or any Toll-house to be erected at or near the fame, every Person so offending, and

being thereof lawfully convicted, shall he subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cates of

Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall, and have hereby

Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be purished in like Manner as Felons are directed

to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment such Court

may, if they think fit, award furh Sentence as the Law dircifh in ('ales of Petit Larceny.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'That if the Person or Persons having the

Care of any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, which Hial 1 be navigat'd upon the said River, shall wilfully,

carelessly, or negligently, cause, permit, or fuffcr any Damage or Ir jury to be done to the said Bridge, by

any such Boats, barges, or other Vessels; then, and in every such C afe, thejOwner or Owners of every

such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall be answerable and liable to make Satisfaction to^the said Under-

takers, their Heirs and Assigns, for all such Damage or Injury; and in Default of Payment of such Satis-

faflion upon Demand, the said Undertakers, their Heirs or /.flign*, are hereby amhoriled and impowered,

in the Name of any one of them, to sue the Owner or Owners of such Boat, barge, or Veiiel, in any

Court of Record at lVeflminJ}er% for the Trespass or Damage which shall be so done.

IX. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bridge fnali not

be rated or assessed for or towards any Public or Parish Rate, Tax, or Duty whatsoever, but fhi 1 be

deemed extra-parochial) to all Intents and Purposesj and that the Yaid Bridge shall not be adjudged or

8 taken

