150

C. 5

Anno decimo feptirrio GeorgiiTil. A.D. 177'

S 'toe makers re-

in ling 10 \- *y fi r

Locks, Krys,

*n>l other

itu s, or hinder-

ing Officers from

fixing the fame,

to f rfeit 50 1.

Snpf-m.ik'rs

who want to

have thfir Fu--

/UCf-dtOr un-

locked, fhaII

g:ve twelve

Flows Notice to

th- Officer, if

virhio the Li-

r its of the

Chief Office in

London ; and if

wi’hnut the f*id

Limits, twenty-

i ur Hours No-

tice.

Surveyor, Su-

p-rvif'-r, Scr*

may, be’ween

Five in the

Morning and

S’even in the

Evering, enter

any Sopt-ma-

le er's Work-

In use, and un-

lock and exa-

mine the Cop-

pers, &c.

Any Scpe-

mak't r-fusing

such OFFcr En*

tiance, or ^b-

ftruding his

Etarr i.iati jn,

shill forfeit tool.

Anv Sope-

maker having a

private Pipe 10

convey the Srp*

from hii Copper,

-4cc fba.l foifcic

2COl.

Officers may, in

the D .y tiny, in

Pkfence of a

C< r liable, otnlc

up the Ground

in any So;'r-

I'o ,(V, Sec, to

i \ ch for pri-

v re ('< nv y•

i. - cr% and de-

ft’ 'y the fame.

If no such Con-

vi vjhc* fh 1| t*e

h in t, Others

t > -r/ke val;I-

t *'ion ter Di-

•' r? s*

P« r airy of nb-

fij i<ft 1 Olfi-

cc-5 -n their

Sench.

S-oc-m »ke'8

rr.sy »’fc Pipes,

above

G cund.

irfpeflively reside, at the Expence of the respeflive Makers in each Division or Distri#: And whenever

such Maker of Sope Avail be desirous to light a Fire under such Copper, Pan, or Utensil, or to have tlfe

Furnace-doors thereof opened, and shall have given Notice in Manner as is herein-after directed ; then,

and in every such Cafe, the Officers of Excise shall attend to open the fame.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Maker of Sope shall refuse

or neglect to pay for such Locks, Keys, and other Faftenings, so provided as aforesaid; or if any such

Maker ol Sope shall refuse or hinder the Officers of Excise from fixing such Faftenings on the said Furnace-

doors, in such Manner as the said Officers shall judge most cffectual for securing the fame, or in locking and

securing the fame 5 thrn, and in every such Cale, the Offender or Offenders therein shall, for each Of-

fence, forfe it and lofethe Sum of fifty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any such Maker of Sope

shall be desirous to have the Furnace-door of his, her, or their Copper, Pan, or other Utensil by him,

her, or them uled for the boiling or making of Sope, unlocked, and shall have given to the Officer of Ex-

cife of the Division or Distr ict twelve Hours Notice, if such Maker of Sope shall reside within the Limits

of the chief Office of Excise in London ; or if such Maker of Sope shall reside in any other Part of Great

Britain, twenty-four Hours Notice of such his, her, or their Intention, the Officer of Excise shall attend

accordingly to unlock and open the said Furnace-doors of such Copper, Pan, or Utensil ; and if by any

Means, Art, Device, or Contrivance whatsoever, any Person shall open any such Furnace-door after the

ft me shall have been locked and secured as aforesaid, before the fame shall have been unlocked and opened

by the Officer of Excise, or shall wilfully damage or hurt any such Lock or other Fattening, every such

Person shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds,.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, when any Copper, Pan, or other

Utensil, used for the boiling or making of Sope, or the Furnace-doors of such Copper, Pan, or Utensil

- Aval] be secured, as by this present Act, and by one other Act, passed in the fifth Year of his present M«t-

jesty, are respectively directed, the Surveyor and Supervisor, or other Superior Officer of Excise, shaft,

at all Times, between the Hours of five in the Morning and eleven in the Evening, be permitted, uptm-

Demand or Requell Ynade, to enter all and every Workhouse of every such Maker of Sope ; and after (itch

Entry to unlock and open every Copper, Pan, and other Utensil, by such Maker of Sope used for boiling

or making of Sope, and also the Furnace-doors of every such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, and to ex-

amine the fame; and after due Examination had, such Officer shall again lock and fatten every such Cop-

per, Pan, or other Utensil, and Furnace-door, and so leave them locked and secured, as by this and the

said former A& is directed : And if, after such Request made, the Doors of such Workhouse are not im-

mediately opened, and such Officer or Officers are not immediately admitted, and permitted to enter and

go into such Workhouse, made use of by such Maker of Sope; or if such Officer or Officers, being so

entered into such Workhouse, are not permitted quietly to continue in such Workhouse, and to unlock

and open every such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, and Furnace-doors, to search snd examine the fame,

and until they shall have again locked and secured the said Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, and Furnace-

door; or if, by any other Ways or Means whatsoever, such Officer or Officers shall be obstruded, hin-

dered, or molested, in such Search and Examination ; then, and in every such Cafe, the Offender therein

Avail forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

4 X. And forasmuch as it is found by Experience that his Majesty is very much defrauded of the Duty on

4 Sope by many Makers of Sope, who, by private Pipes, and other private Conveyances made use of by

4 such Makers of Sope, do convey away the Sope from the Sight and View of the Officer appointed to

4 take an Account of the fame / be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after

the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, no Maker of Sope

Avail have or keep any Pipe under Ground, or any Other private Pipe or other private Conveyance, in or

about his Sopehouse, by which any Sope, or Materials making into Sope, may be conveyed from his Cop-

per, Pan, or other Utensil uftd for the boiling or making of Sope, into any Place whatsoever, on Pain So

forfeit, for every such Pipe and private Conveyance, the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

* XI. And, for the better discovering all such Pipes and other private Conveyances/be it further en-

abled, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

seven, it Avail and may be lawful to and for the Offic ers of the Duties on Sope, or any of them, in the

Day-time, and in the Presence of a Constable, or other lawful Officer of the Peace (who are hereby re-

quired to be aiding and assisting therein) on Request first made, and Cause declared, to break up the Ground

in any Sopehouse, or the Ground near adjoining, or any Wall, Partition, or other Place, to search for

any such Pipe or other private Conveyance ; and, upon finding such Pipe or other Conveyance, to break

up the Ground, House, Wall, or other Partition or Place, through or into which any such Pipe or other

Conveyance shall lead, and to break up or cut any such Pipe or other Conveyance.

Xil. Provided always, That in case Lpon such Search no such Pipe or other private Conveyance shall be

found, such Officers for Duties on Sope Avail m.ike good the Ground, Wall, House, or other Place So

b oken up as aforesaid, or make reasonable Satisfadt on to the Owner or Owners thereof, to be adjudged

by two of the next Justict s of the Peace, or the Party injured ftvSll be at Liberry to bring his Aciiort for

the Damages by him sustained ; And if any Person or Persons whatsoever Avail oppose, obstrudf, or hinder,

any such Officer in searching, in Execution of the Powers hereby given and granted, every such Person

shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XIil. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That it Avail and may be lawful to and for any

M tker of Sope to keep and make use of any Pipe, or other Conveyance, above Ground, which are public

a;.d in open View from one End thereof to the other, for the putting his Sope out of the Copper, Pan, or

Ucenlii, used for boiling or making the same, into the known and entered Frames ^ any Thing in this Act

to the contrary in any wile notwithstanding^

7 4 XIV. And*

