»S

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii IN. , C. 19.

within the said Parish of 0\i Suinford, for the Tim* b*ing, and the fcvernl Persons herein-after named,

r* fi ling or having Kfrates wit.iin the Pari.'h of Old Swinford a'orefiud; (that is to say) Edward A t v t,

Thotr.es Amndel, Richard Badger, Richard Blick, Overs hate, Halter Bradley, Jofph Bradley, Thomas Bret-

1 ■’//, Thomas Brettell junior, Joseph hrettr/l, Richard IRettell, Ananias B' Cttell, E tward Calf r* John Cat:-

fr, U ihtarn Blow Ccilis, George Collis, Joseph Cox, John Cox, Richard C' eft, ll'iilinm Croft, G/orye C> civ,

Viver Dixon Esquire, John Hrnzry Dixon, George Enfell, Robert Foley Clerk, John Fdy, J-hn F /h r

Esquire, John Fojier junior, Edward Gur/i Foster, John Fowler, Jeremiah GUI, jf ft ah Gibbons, IFUUan

Green, Thomas Grazebrcck*, Michael Grazcbrooke, I Pi lli am Grove, Charles tlarri , [Indian /Ju ris, £/-

vrarj Hickman, Richard Hickman, James Hill, Thomas Hill, Thomas Hill junior, Francis Howfiy, Fra: is

JEmfray junior, Jejton Hmfray, Waldron Hill, Francis HUl* Anihrfe Hollingtm, Richard Ho Jgfort, &n-

r n*t I Hcdgjin, Chants Harris Clerk, Thomas Hornblower, John Homfray, John Id Jins, George Jones, jhn

F'e, James Kettle, Joshua Alatthews, Timothy ATiiliachap, Thomas Millwanl Esquire, Jjefib Morris, 7/7/-

R am Aloft Icy, Richa’d ARje'ey, Hunger ford Oliver, Thomas Oliver, Edward Oliver, Samuel Par kes, ITiliiatn

Parkes, Thomas Parker, jA/u* Penn, Nicholas Hancox Pargeter, Joseph Perkcs, John Pidcock Esquire. Tho-

ft. as Pidcock, IF at ford Phillips Esquire, John Pidcock junior, Benjamin Pearfn, Benjamin Pratt, ff'dliam

P:wiU, Bate Richards, Thomas Richards, Thomas Rogers Esquire, Edward Ruff el Esquire, Thomas Savage,

William Scott, John S<ott, llenry Shaiv, Francis Stokes Esquire, Francis Stokes the younger, IFilliam Ti.t9.

Thomas Tidcy, Abraham T urner Esquire, William 1Fa!Iron, Thomas Wheeler, John Wells, IFalter JFt Ikes,

Francis Hatton of Stourbridge, Francis Witton of The Heath, Francis IVitton junior, and Tin mas Woodhouse,

shall be, and are hereby declared, configured, and appointed Commissioners, to hear and determine all

inch causes and Matiers of Debt, to be brought before them, as are herein-after mentioned; and such

Commissioners, and their Successors, (hill be, and are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name who are conftf—

and Stile of The Court of Rcqucjls for the Parish of Old Swinford, in the Counties of Worcester and Staf- tuted Coort °^‘

ford 5 and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have Power and Authority, and ji«.

are hereby authorised, impowered, and required to meet and assemble once in every Fortnight (that is to

say), on Saturday, or oftener, if there shall beOccafnn, and hold the said Court, in some convenient Place

or Places, in the Parish of Old Swinford aforesaid, to be approved and fixed on from Time to Time, by

the major Part of the said Commissioners, who shall be assembled at some General Meeting to be held for

that Purposej the fi.ft of which said Meetings shall be held on Saturday Month next after the passing of

this Act.

II. Provided always. That in case three or more of the said Commissioners appointed, or to be ap- ForWantofa-

pointed by virtue of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to assemble on any of the Days appointed for holding fuilkient Num—

the faiu Court, thdt then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Cleric of the said Court herein-after ber of Coa-mif.

mentioned, for the Time being, or his Deputy, to adjourn the said Court to some other convenient Day* ,0”er,\CkrJc

within one Week from the Day on which the said Court ought to have been held, or to the next General a J0urn*

Court Day to be held by virtue of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from Time to Time, and as often as On Death or Re-,

it shall be neveflary, either by the Death or Resignation of any of the said Commissioners herein-before fi,n.t.«»n of

particularly named, or of any of their Successors, to be chosen in Manner herein-after mentioned, it shall C»i?>miil»©neri,.

and imy he lawful to and for the said Commissioners, hereby appointed, and their Succefi’ors, or any nine to b#*

or ruorc of them, to meet and alT mhle together at any Time after such Death or Resignation, and to elect c 0 cn*

and appoint one or more Person or Persons, refi ling within the said Parish, or having Ellate there, to be

a C< mm dinner or Commissioners, in the Stead and Place of such Commissioner or Commissioners dying

or rtligmng; and every such Commissioner and Commissioners, so elected and appointed, shall be, and is

and arc beieby cnabhd to act, in the Execution of the Powers granted to the Commissioners hereby ap-

pointed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they had been particularly named

in this Act.

IV. Provided always That before any such Fledlion shall be made, twenty-one Days Notice, in after fiving

M riting, (lull be gi en by the Ch rk of the fn:d Court, by affixing the fame on the Door of the Par ilh twenty-one Day*.

Church of Old Swinford aforesaid, and on the Dcor of the Chapel or Church in the Town of Stourbi idge Not,cc-

within the said Panih.

V. And, for the more orderly and regular Proceeding in the aforesaid Court, and to make the Hufinefs

thereof as cafy as may be to the said Commissioners,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Commifliwiers

That the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being shall, and he is hereby authorised and required, to to aa ,n

Cause the first nine of the said Commissioners, as they (land in Order in this Act, residing within the said °or*

Parish, to be summoned by the Beadle of the said Court, to attend and do the Business of the said Court liut ^urpotes.

for two Ca’endar Months then next following; and, after the Expiration thereof, shall cause the like

Number of Commissioners refiling within the said Parish, as they ftnnd next to the former in Order and

Rotation, to do the like Duty for the two then next succeeding Calendar Months, till the whole Number

of Commissioners, refiJent as aforesaid, shall have been summoned; and dial) then begin again, and con-

tinue to summon nine Commissioners every two Calendar Months in like Rotation, in all succeeding

Times, so as the said Commissioners may take upon themselves, in Rotation, the Execution of this A6E But any of those

VI. Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be confirued to extend, to exclude nrl

or debar any of the said Commissioners from fitting in the said Court, although they be not in Rotation or rcajr aa*

summoned as aforesaid, but that all such Commissioners shall and may, as often as they respectively shall

think fit, fit and give Judgment therein.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners so named and appointed, CommftTi

2nd their Successors, to be chosen in Manner herein-before mentioned, or any three or more of them, impmrfj

from Time to Time assembled as aforesaid, shall have Power and Authority, and are authorised and im- j'v causesot.

'powered, by virtue of this Act, to hear and determine all such causes and Matters of Debt, as well simple

1 Contract

