23*

All Custorrer*,

Ac. to rak*

C'are that these

Duties arc pa p.

Ti srmrtirns

Irum the Duties.

*The Giant of

the Rocks to

Mr. Phillips,

by Letters Fa-

te nt, declared

Void,

’The Rocki

vt(led in the

Corporation of

Trinity House,

fihjeft to a

yearly Rent of

5 I. payable to '

his Majesty,

I.im'tation of

/vdlic ns.

Cer.cril ItTuc.

'Treble CoPe.

Public /.ft.

C. 42.

, Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778/

Goods therein; all which said Tolls or Duties shall and may be recovered by-Action of Debt in any of his

Majesty’s Courts of Record in either of the said Kingdoms; wherein no Ruoin, Wager of Law, or Pro-

testion, shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance.

‘ If. And, to the Intent the said Tolls or Duties may be truly answered and paid/ be it further enacted

by the Authority aforesaid, That no Customer, Collector of his Majesty’s Customs, Comptroller, Re-

ceiver of Entries of Ships, Surveyor, or Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer whatsoever, of or concerning

the said Customs for the Time being, or their or any of their Deputies or Clerks, at any Port, Harbour,

Road, Creek, Haven, or Place, within either of the said Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland^; whertf

any fufti Ship or other Veil'd, liable as aforesaid, shall set fail or arrive, shall at any Time hereafter give or

make out, or cause, permit, or suffer, to be given or made out, any Docket, or other Discharge' whatfo-

ever; or receive or take any Entry or Cocker, or give any Certificate, Return Bills, or other Discharge

w’hatsoever, jespectively; or permit any Goods or Stores to be laid on Land, or discharged or shipped out-

from or on any of the said Ships or other Vessels; or suffer any Ship or other Vessel, either Britishy lrijhy

or Stranger, liable or subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls or Duties, to pass by or from them or

any of them, until a Receipt, Ticket, or Note be produced, under the Hand of the Collector to be autho-

lifed determined by the said Corporation, their Successors or Assigns, to collect the said Tolls or Duties at such Port or

other Place where such Ship or other Vessel shall set forth or arrive, testifying the Payment of the said

'Polls or Duties for or in respect of such Ship or other Vessel.

III. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act

contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed, or taken to extend, to charge or make liable any Person or

Pei fons with or to the Payment of any of the said Tolls or Duties, any longer than the said Light-house

shall continue to be supported, and a Light exhibited thereon during the Night Season, or for or in respect

of any Ship or Vessel taking in or loading any Coals or Culm, in any Place lying in Bride 1 Bay, and car-

rying the fame to any Port or Place within the Principality of TValesj or in carrying Lime-(tones from one

Port or Place to another.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That certain Letters Patent, under the Seal

of his Majesty’s Exchequer at JVcflminster, bearing Date the fifth Day of Augufi\ in the fifteenth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, containing a Grant unto John Phillips, of Liverpool in the County of

Lancaster, Esquire, of the said Rocks called The Smalls; also Liberty, Licence, Power, and Authority, of

erecting, supporting, and maintaining, a Light-house or Light-houses, Beacon or Beacons, in or upon

the said Rocks, and to collet and take certain Duties, in the fame Letters Patent mentioned, for the

Term of fifty Years from the Date thereof; and all the Estate, Right, Title, Term of Years, Powers,

and Authorities derived, or which can or may be claimed, or pretended to be derived, under or by virtue

of the fame Letters Patent, and every Matter, Clause, and Thing therein contained, shall, and the fame

are hereby en idled and declared to be, from and immediately after the passing of this present Act, null,

void, and of none Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Rocks called The Smalls shall,

and the fame are hereby ertafted and declared to be, by virtue of this^ present Act, from and immediately

after the passing thereof, veiled in the said Master, Wardens, and Aflistants, and their Successors and

Assigns for ever, for the Purpose of crefting, supporting, and maintaining the said Light-house; subject

nevertheless to the Payment to his Majesty, his Heirs and Stucceflors, of the clear yearly Rent or Sum of

five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; which find Rent, of five Pounds shall be paid into the Re-

ceipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Westminster, or into the Hands of his Majesty’s Receiver-general of

South Wales for the Time being, by four equal quarterly Payments, at or upon the Feast Days or Times

in every Year herein next after mentioned; (that is to say) The Annunciation of the Blefjed yirgirt Mary,

Saint John the Bapti/l, Saint Michael the Archangel, and the Birth of our Lord Christ; the first Payment

thereof to begin and be made on such of the said Veaft Days as shall next happen after the passing of this

present Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought

or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such

Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed,

and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County or City where the Cause of such Action or

Suit shall aiife, and not elsewhere; and shall not be removed by Ccrtiorariy or any other Writ or Process

whatsoever; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General HTue, and

give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame

was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, or

any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time so limited for bringing the fame, or {hall be

brought in any County or Place otherwise than as aforesaid, then, and in any such Cafe, the Jury shall

find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Dif-

continuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, after the Defendant or Defendants shall

hive appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff'or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise

Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff'or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may re-

cover 'T reble Costs of Suit, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or De-

fendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cafes by Law.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed, in

all Courts of Law or Equity within the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, as a public Act; and all

Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the

lame*

c.ooooie

CAP.

