The TITLES of the STATUTES

Blocihouse and ending at the Bear-inn in Hadley afore-

said.

$5. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging, the Powers, of an Act, made in the thirty-fe-

cund Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to

Aufteiiands, in tb* Wifi Riding of the County of York,

|6. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an. Act,

passed in the thirty-third Year of King George the Se-

cond, for repairing and widening the Road from The Bars

at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Cfiefter,

to Whitchurch* and, from thenee to Newport, in the.

County of Salop, and other. Rqad[a intthe said Act men-

tioned ; and for making a Road of Communication: fiom

the said Road betwenrh Whitchurch and Newport, to the

prefect Turnpike Road from Newport aforesaid to Ec-

clejhall, intho County of Stafford,

87. An Act to enlarge the Term of an Act passed in the

thirtieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Se-

cond, for repairing and widening the Road from Tow-

cester, through Sil ver fton. and: Brack] ey, in f the County, of

Northampton,. and, Ardley* and Middleton, Sconey, to

Wcfton-gate* in the Par(/h, tf Weston* on the Green,

in the County f Oxford.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road flora The

Birches Brook to BuUdwas-bridge, and from thence to

join the JVatlingrstreet Turnpike Road at Tern-bridgp,

in the County of Salop*

89. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Second* for amending, widen-

ing, and hooping in Repair, fevered KOads leading from the

Market* house in the Town of Much» Wenlock, in the

County of Salop, and for amending, widening, and keep-

ing in Repair, the Road leading from Gleeton-hill to

Crejfage, in the said County,

90. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of throe

Acts, of thef third and fevcmcenth Yeats of the Reign

of King* George: the Second, and tht: ten til Year of die

Reign* of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road

leading from Galley-corner, adjoining^ to Endfield-chace,

in therarish of South Mims, in the County of Middle•

fix, to Lemsford-mill, in the County of Hertford.

91. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Stoken-church, in the County of Oxford, to Wheatley-

bridge, and from the said Bridge to Enflow* bridge, and

from Wheatley*bridge to the Mileway leading towards

Magdalen-bridge-, and from the Mileway leading from

Saint Gileses Church, near the City.of Oxford,.by Beg-

broke, to New Woodfiock, in the said County.

91. An Act for condnuing the Term and altering and en-

larging the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-

sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widen-

ing and repairing the High Road leading from Northaller-

ton to the South Wall of the Church-yard of the Town of

Thirlk, and from the South-eqft End of the Street called

Finkell-street, in Thirfk aforesaid, to and through the

Town of Eafingwould, in the County of York, to a Place

called Burton-Hone, near the City of York ; and a Jo the

Road from Thirfk aforesaid to Topcliffe, in the North

Riding of the County of York.

93. An Act for repealing certain Parts of three several

Acts of Parliament, of the first, the seventeenth, and

the thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, made for repairing several

Roads leading to and from the Borough of EveJham, in

the County of Worcester\ and for repairing and widen-

ing the Road from Evejham-bridge, in the said Borough,

to the Globe Itm ia Alceficr, in the County of War-

wick*

6

94. An Act for enlarging the Term and ,Powers of an Act,

made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

jesty King George the Second, far amending, widening,

and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of too

j Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through

Watton, to Broadwater, and from the Town of Ware,

i through Watton, to the North End of the Town of Walk-

[ ern, in the said County.

j95. An Act for amending, widening, turning, altering,

j and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Whifilebridge,

in the rarish of Barwick, in the County of Somerset, to

J the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Charminster, in the

j County of Dorset; and from the Cross in the Town of

Maiden Newton, to a Stream of Water in the Parish of

I South Perrott, in the County of Dorset; and from a

Place called Furxe-moor Gate, in the Parish of Broad*

winfor, to Lenbams Water, in the Parish of Beamifler;

and from Bugler9s Corner in the Town of Beamifler, to

the Dorsetshire Inn, in the Parish of Woolcombe; and

from Upfydling Ewe Leaxe, to the Town of Cerne Abbas 5

and from the T^wn of Franrpion, to join the Western

Turnpike Road near Steepleton, in the said. County of

Dorset.

96, An Act for continuing the Term andialtering and en*<

larging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-second

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from

the East Side of Barnsley Common, in the County of

York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to-

White Cross ; and also the ttoad from the Guide pofi in

Barugh to a Rivulet called Bar ugh Brook, and from theme

for two hundred Yards over ana beyond the fame Rivulet

or Brook into the Terwnshipof Cawthorne, in the said County.

97* An Act for more effectually amending, widening,

and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the

Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset; and for

repealing two Acts, one of the twenty-fifth Year of his

late Majesty, and the other of the fifth Year of his pre-

sent Majesty, relating to the said Roads ; and for amend-*

ing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other

Roads adjoining thereto.

98. An Act for repairing and widening tho Road,from the

City of Gloucester to the Town of Stroud, in the County

of Gloucester.

99. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King Georgethc Second, for amending and keep-

ing in Repair the Roads leading from es Place called Fryer

Bacon’s Study to Chilton Pond; and from the Top of1

Hinkfey-hill to Foxcombe-hill Gate in the Road leading

to Farringdon, in the County of Berks.,

100. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and

enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-

sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repair*1

ing, amending, and widening, the several Roads leading

from the Red Poll, in the Parish of Fivehead, through the

Towns of Langport and Somerton, to Butwell \ and aljl

from Curry Rivell to Puckington-lane, and from Cary-

bridge to Street Cross, in the County of Somerset ; and

for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, fcve-

ral other Roads adjoining thereto.

101. An Act for continuing the Term and altering* and*

enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-

sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repair*

ing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to

and from the Towns of Shepton Malet and Ivelchester, in

the County of Somerset, so far as the fame relates to the

Roads therein called The Ivelchester Turnpike Roads*

102. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act*

passed in the twenty-ninth Year of tbrR«igit of King

i George

