118

No Abatement

to be m*de in

the Duties on

any other Goods,

by virtue of the

laid nth Ru’e,

unless the Ira*

porter /hail prove

they are damaged

by iome Acci-

dent, See,

An Act of 13

and 14. Car. If.

recited.

From June 24,

>777* to June

*4> *779. To-

bacco-pipe Clay

may be exported

to the British

Sugar Colonies

in the Weft In-

dies.

Preamble.

Act art Geo. If.

further conti-

nued for four

Years.

Act 10 Geo. Til;

further conti-

nued for seven

Years.

C. 44.. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777,

III, And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenjty-

fourth Day ofjune, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, no Abatement or Allowance shall be

made in the Duties for any other Goods whatsoever, by virtue or in pursuance of the said eleventh Rule

in the Book of Rates hereinbefore recited, for or on account of any Damage such Goods may have re-

ceived, unless the Importer or Owner of such Goods shall prove, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners

of his Majesty’s Customs at London or Edinburgh respectively, or to the Collector and Comptroller of the

Customs at the Out-ports of this Kingdom where such Goods may be imported, that such Goods are da-

maged, and are leflfened in their true Value, by means of some unavoidable Accident which happened to

them during the Course of the Voyage, after such Goods were shipped and laden in foreign Parts on board

such Ship or Vessel importing the fame, and before such Goods were landed in this Kingdom ; any Thing

in the said Rule, or any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

6 IV. And whereas, by an Act of Parliament, made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign

4 of King Charles the Second (intituled, An A El against exporting of Sheep, Wool* Woolf ells, Mortlings,

4 ShortlingSj Tarn made of Wool, Wool-flocks, Fullers-earth, Fulling-clay, and Tobacco-pipe Clay), and by

4 several other Acts of Parliament which are now in Force, the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from

4 this Kingdom into foreign Parts is prohibited : And whereas Tobacco-pipe Clay is absolutely necefl’ary

4 and useful in the cleansing and improving of Powdered Sugars, and is at this Time very much wanted

4 for that Purpose in the British Sugar Colonies and Plantations in the West Indies, and it is expedient to

4 permit the Exportation thereof to the said Colonies for a limited Time; be it therefore enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred

and seventy-seven, and until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful to

and for any Person or Persons to export, from any Port in this Kingdom, any Quantity of Tobacco-pipe

Clay to any British Sugar Colony or Plantation in the West Indies, in any Ship or Vessel that may law-

fully trade thither; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the

contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XI.IV.

An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the mak-

ing of Indico in the British Plantations in America ; to the registering the Prices at which

Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and

imported; to encouraging the manufacturing of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable

upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain

Rate; to the allowing Timber and Wood to be exported frbm the Kland of Dominica into

any other of the British Islands, Colonies, or Plantations in America ; and to the allowing

a Bounty on the Exportation of J9n7//fc-made Cordage.

4 VKTHEREAS the Laws herein-after mentioned have, by Experience, been found useful and bene-

4 VV ficial, and are near expiring \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and determined by the Authority of

the fame. That an Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America, which

was to continue in P'orce for seven Years from the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hun-

dred and forty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by

another Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, is further continued from the

twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, until the twenty-fifth Day of March,

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament; and which, by another Act, made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-

tituled, An All to continue and amend two Alls, made in the twenty-first and twenty-eighth Tears of his late

Majesty s Reign, “ for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America ft and for

extending the Provisions of an All of the thirtieth Tear of his late Majestys Reign, with respect to bringing Prize-

goods into this Kingdom, to Spaniln Prize-goods takenfince the late Declaration of War with Spain, is further

continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred

and seventy, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another

Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, is further continued until the twenty-

fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the fame, together with all the Provisions, Regulations,

Restrictions, Powers, and Clauses, mentioned in the said recited Act of the third Year of his present Ma-

jesty, so far as they relate to encouraging or concern the making of Indico in the Bf itish Plantations in

America, is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-firth Day of March,

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and from thence to the End of then next Session of Par-

liament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the tenth Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An All for registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several

Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported, which was to continue in Force for seven

Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby

continued

