254

C. 51.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii IIL A. D. 1778.

fiofien undir

thr first icuted

A ft:

and fot that

Parptde to issue

Bonds under

their Caramon

Sea).

Value and Con-

dition of the

Bondi*

BoedtHhe

numbered, and

ftf nable by

arof nafcfc

AwV.rfrianefii

Application of

Jlloney arising

from the Bond?.

Anauitiei to be

redeemable by

the City on fix

Moatlu Notice*

The Orphan*

Fund charged

with tire Pay-

ment of the

AMiitKt*

Inter*ft of 4I.

Bos. per Cent,

to be allowed

for Money ad-

vanced to pay

the Ex pence* of

this Alt.

FuUic AO*

Year, to pay, or cause to be paid, to the Treasurer for the Time being of the CommifHoners appointed by

the said Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, one or more Annuity or Annuities, or yearly

Sum or Sums of Money, amounting to the yearly Sum of one hundred and eighty Pounds in the Whole,

by equal half-yearly Payments; (that is to say) on the twenty-fifth Day of December* and the twenty-fourth

Day of June* in every Year; and one Year’s Payment thereof to be made on the twenty-fourth Day of

June* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight 5 two third Parts of which Annuity or Annuities shall

be applied to the Use of the Western Division, and the other third Part to the Use of the Eastern Division,

as described in the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted. That for securing the Payment of the said respective Annuities to the said

Commissioners, in Manner above mentioned, the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens shall, on or

before the twenty-fourth Day of June* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, at the Expence of

the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners, make and duly execute, under the Common

Seal of the said City, and deliver, or cause to be delivered, unto such Treasurer, forty Bonds; and the

said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens shall, in every such Bond, become bound to the Chamberlain of

the said City, or to his chief Clerk for the Time being, in the penal Sum of two hundred Pounds, for fe-

curing the Payment of one hundred Pounds; with Condition, for paying an Annuity, after the Rate of

four rounds ten Shillings ter Annum, at the Times above mentioned ; and that every such Bond shall be

void on Redemption of such Annuity, upon the Terms and in the Manner herein after expressed ; and the

said Chamberlain, or his chief Clerk, are hereby required toindorse such Bonds.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Bonds so to be executed and indorsed, and delivered to the

Treasurer of the said Commissioners, shall be numbered in arithmetical Progression; and the said Bonds

shall'be respectively assignable, by the Treasurer for the Time being to the uid Commissioners (notwith-

(landing his Name may not be mentioned therein), by proper Words to be written or indorsed thereon,

and may be fold or disposed of, provided such Assignments, Sale, and Dispofuion, be respectively made by

and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to be testi-

Bed by Writing tinder their Hands and Seals; and the said Bonds, and all Assignments and Sales thereof

which shall be made as aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatfo-

tver ; and the respective Assignees of any such Bonds, their respective Executors and Administrators, may,

on Nonpayment of the Annuities thereby secured, commence fend prosecute any Action or Actions upon

any such Bonds, and recover thereupon from the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens; and the

Monies arising by virtue of the said Bonds shall, in the first Place, be applied by the said Commissioners, or

any five or more of them, in paying and defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences, incident to and

attending the obtaining and parting this Act, and afterwards towards defraying the Expence of carrying the

said Act of the sixth Year or his present Majesty's Reign into Execution, in the Proportions herein-before

mentioned, and to or for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the said Annuities shall, from Time to Time

(until the Whole shall be redeemed) be redeemable by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens,

either wholly or in Part (in such Order as they shall think proper), upon six Calendar Months Notice for

that Purpose to be first published in the London Gazette; at the Expiration of which Time the Proprietors

of such Annuity or Annuities shall (upon delivering up to the Chamberlain of the said City of London for

the Time being, at his Office in the Guildhall in the said City, the Bond or Bonds so given for the fame)

be entitled to receive from the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens the Sum of one hundred Pounds-

for, and in full Satisfaction and Redemption of, every four Pounds ten Shillings of such Annuities; and

every such Sum of four Pounds ten Shillings of such Annuity or Annuities, in respect whereof such No-

tice shall be given, shall, from and after the End of the said six Calendar Months, cease, and be no longer

paid, or payable, unless the same Sum of one hundred Pounds shall be demanded, pursuant to such Notice,

and not paid; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted. That the said Fund created by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of

King William and Queen Mary; and by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of King George the Second,

and by the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, in Part further continued and augmented,

shall be, and the fame is hereby charged and made chargeable with the Annuities which shall be payable

under or by virtue of this Act ; subject nevertheless, and without Prejudice to the Payment of the Imereft

on the Principal Debt remaining due to the said Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, and of the

Interest on the Principal Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds, by the said Act of the

seventh Year of his present Majesty charged upon the said Fund, and also the Annuities which are or shall

be payable in respect of the Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds directed to be borrowed and

raised upon the Credit thereof by the last-mentioned Act, according to the ttue Meaning of the fame Act;

and the fame Fund shall be, and is hereby charged and made chargeable with the Payment also to the said

Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, of all such Sum and Sums of Money as they mail advance and pay

ip Redemption of the said Annuities, or any of them, in pursuance of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons who shall expend and advance Money for

paying the Charges and Expences of obtaining and parting this Act, shall be entitled to, and shall receive,

Interest for the fame, at the Rate of four Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum* until the Money (a

expended and advanced shall be repaid out of the said four thousand Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts

whatsoever as a public Act 5 and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, arc hereby required to take No-

tice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP,

