3*3

A.D. 1779.

Anno deciino nono Georgii III.

C.

in the Room or Place of the Person so absenting himself, or being guilty of fu h Neglect as aforesaid ; and

such Person so to be nominated or prelented, and licufted, fh ,11 be Rbjrd md i-able to the like Dilabi-

lir v for Non-residence, or being guilty of such Neglect as aforesaid, as the Pei ion or Persons, he or they,

fna 11 from Time to Time succeed, was or were subject and liable to, any Licence or Dispensation to the

contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further ena£led, That in case the Did Church or Chapel fh ’I be fullered to remain If Vacancy not

void for the Space of six Calendar Months without any Nomination o* IT ft:.tat!' n thereunto by virtue of filled up ,n a

thus Ad as aforesaid, then, and in such Cafe, the Nomination 01 i’rtiem mo:, to the Liu Church or Cha- r<

pel shall lapse to the Ordinary, and from him to the Metropolitan, ana irom h:m to the Crown, accord-

ii.g to the Ccurfe of Law in Presentative Livings or Benefices ; and the Right of Nomination or Prefen-

tation to the said Church or Chapel shall and may be recovered, and the Incumbency thereof may and shall

cease and be determined, in like Manner as the Presentation to, or Incumbency in, any Vicarage Prefen-

tative may now be recovered or determined.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Marriages shall be had or solemnized, nor shall any Graves g°r^nar^a^”,or

or Burying-places be made or allowed, within the said new Church or Chapel (except for the Interment in?he$aew

of the Family of the said Charles Roe, his Heirs and Assigns).

VIII. And be it further enacted. That all Christenings in the said new Church or Chapel, and all

Burials in the Church or Chapel Yard, Cemetery, or Burying-ground belonging thereto, shall be regis-

tered as usual in the Register of the old Chapel, in the said Town of Macclesfield.

4 IX. And, in order that the said new Church or Chapel may not prejudice the old Chapel in the said

c Town of Macclesfield, nor lefien the Revenues thereof ;’ be it further enacted, That if any Woman or D™WeFef*for

Txr - , o, ^11 1-----u r.:a rn-----1 . l. , ___ r , .~ C hatchings ana

cert»;n Time by

Mr. Re, Ac.

the Rir.ht of

Nomin*uon to

laps.* in the usual

Order.

Church.

Chiifteninps and

Bmirds to be re-

ndered in the

old Chapel.

Burials

One-half of

which to be ac-

counted for to

the Minirter,

&c. of the old

Chapel.

Women (kail chuse to be churched in the said new Church or Chapel, or if the Representative or Repre- Ch,‘T^lngSi

Dntatives of any deceased Person or Persons shall be desirous of having the Corpse of such dccealed Person

or Perfnns buried in the said new Church or Chapel Yard, Cemetery, or Burying-ground, by the Mini-

fter or Curate thereof, such Person or Persons shall pay to the Minister or Curate of the said new Church

or Chapd double the Fees which are usually and of Right ought to be paid for every such Churching or

Burial at the said old Chapel ; and the said Minister or Curate, and his Succcfl’ors, mall, from Time to

Time, collect and receive such double Fees, and account for and pay one Moiery or Half Part thereof to

the Minister, Clerk, and Sexton, of the old Chapel in the said Townof Macclesfield for the Time being,

to be divided among them in such Shares and Proportions as the Lees payable at the said old Chapel are

divided; and the remaining Moiety shall be divided between the Minister or Curate, Clerk, and Sexton,

of the said new Church or Chapel, in such Shares and Proportions as Fees of the like Nature, and for the

like Services, are usually or of Right ought to be divided among the Minister, Clerk, and Sexton, of the

faiJ old Chapel : And in case of any Refusal or Neglect of the Minister or Curate of the said new Church How to be re-

Or Chapel, to pay the said several Fees weekly, as he shall receive the same, to the said Minister, Clerk, covered,

and Sexton, of the said old Chapel, upon Demand, the fame shall and may be recoveicd by the said Mi-

nifter, Cleik, and Sexton respectively, of the said old Chapel for the Time being, in such Manner a9

any Surplice-fees demanded and taken at the said old Chapel may be recovered, or by Action of Debt in

any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at H'estminster, or within the County Palatine of Chejhr, wherein

no Fftoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ground shall be broken up or opened within any Part Rates for Burial

of the said Church or Chapel Yard, Cemetery, or Burying-ground (excepting in that Part which has ,hr new

been, and now is, set apart and appropriated for the burying of the Poor, being one-fourth Part of the ur)ing-groun

Whole of the said Church cr Chapel Yard}, there shall be paid to the said Charles Roc, his Heirs or Af-

signs, the Sum of two Pounds two Shillings for every Piece of such Ground containing Light Feet in

Length, and five Feet in Breadth.

XI. And be it further enacted. That it shall anJ may be lawful to and for the said Charles Roc, his Heirs church or Cha.

and Alligns, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, upon, or immediately after the Consecration pei Wardens to

of the said Church or Chapel, to nominate and appoint two such Persons as he or they shall think fit, to hr appointed by

be and act as Church or Chapel Wardens thereof, until Ecjler Week next after such Appointment, and Mr. Roe. his

from thenceforth, upon every Eajhr Monday yearly for ever, in like Manner to nominate and appoint

two such other Persons as aforesaid, to be and act as Church or Chapel Wardens for the Time being, of

the Did Church or Chapel; and the respective Persons to be nominated and appointed in Manner above

mentioned, being duly sworn according to Law, shall be and act as Churc h or Chapel Wardens of the

faiJ Church or Chapd, and (had continue in the said Office for one whole Year after such respefitive Ap-

pointments, and until others shall be appointed and sworn in their Room or Stead.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Charles Roe* his

Heirs and Assigns, to nominate and appoint such Persons as he or they shall think fit, to officiate as Clerk,

(Jrganift, ard Sexton, in the said Church or Chapel, and such other Aifistants or Persons as he or they

fhdl think ncccftary for the Service of the said Church or Chapel, with such Salaries or Stipends as the

said Charles Roe, his Heirs or Assigns, shall think proper, and also, from Time to Time, to remove such

Clerk, Organist, Sexton, or other Persons respecSlively, upon just and reasonable Cause ; and the blades

or Stipends of such Clerk, Organist, Sexton, or other Persons so to he appointed, (lull be paid by the

Church or Chapel Wardens to be appointed as aforesaid, out of the Money anting by the Rents of Pews

or Sens in the Did Church or Chapel, in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That so many of the Pews or Seats in the said Church or Chanel shall

be, and are hereby declared to be, veiled in the said Church or Chapd Wardens, as being let, the Rents

arising therefrom shall be Diffident to produce the Sum of one hundred and eighty Pounds per /nnu7?:> in

Trust, for paying the Salaries or Stipends to the Did Minister or Curate, Cleik, Organist, Sexton, and

other Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, and other the Purposes in this Act mentioned -x and the rest of

th

Heirs, &c.

Clerk, Orpanlft*

See. to be ap-

pointed by Mr*

Rcc, Uc.

Rents of Seat?

t » 1 he Amt tint

ct ife’o I p-r

An . vc:v ; m

the *. liu,- or

Chip! \\ tr-

ns ; the ttfr

may be .’et or

4he fu i>y Mi. Xoe,

Gobg

