The TITLES of the S T A T U T E

Drawback on the Exportation of Coffee imjjorted by the

East India Company* in the Ship Europa, in the Year

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

59. An Act to impower his Majesty to prohibit the Ex-

portation, and to restrain the carrying Coastwise, of

Copper in Bars, or Copper in Sheets, for a limited

Time.

60. An Act to explain and amend two Acts made in the

fifteenth and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his present

Majesty, with respect to the Limits of the Greenland Seas

and Davis's Streights, and the Seas adjacent thereto;

and to enlarge the Time for the Return of the Vessels

' employed in the Whale Fisheries.

61. An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Re-

ward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding

the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries

and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Ex-

periments relating thereto.

бa. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money Put of the Sinking Fund ; and for applying cer-

tain Montes therein mentioned for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty * and for v

further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Seflton

of Parliament.

63. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have acted in the

Suppression of the late Riots and Tumults, in and about

the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of

Southwark, and for the Preservation of the public Peace.

64. An Act to prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience

which may arise to Sheriffs, Gaolers, Suitors, Prisoners,

or others, by the Prisoners in several Gaols in the Coun-

ties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the City of London,

having been let at Liberty during the late Tumults and

Insurrections.

65. An Act to repeal fomueh of an Act made in the seven-

teenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to

the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the

Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guise-

ley, Calverley, Batley, Birftal, Mirfield, Hartiflaead

cum Clifton* Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton,

and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Topg,

in the Wffl Riding of the County of York ; and for grant-

ing other Powers lor those Purposes; and for extending

the Jurisdiction of the Court Baron of the Manor of

Kighley, in the said County.

бб. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor of the Hamlet of Mile-end New Towny in thePatish

of Stepney^ in the County of Middlesex; for paving,

cleaning, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other

open Passages and Places, within the said Hamlet, arvd

removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and

preventing the like for the future; for consolidating the

Highway Rates with other Rates within the said Ham-

let ; and for paving and regulating Great Garden Street,

in the Parish of Saint Alary Matfellon other wise

chapely in the said County, and removing a Bar now

standing across the fame, and other Nuisances and An-

noyances therefrom, *nd preventing the like for the

future.

67. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

nnde in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty, intituled, An Act to widen and repair the Road

from the Guide-pofty near the End of Drayton Lane, near

Banbury, in the County of Oxford, to the House called The

Sun Rising, at the Top of Ed^e Hill, th the County of

Warwick.

68. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted

by two Acts, made in the first and sixteenth Years of the

Reign -of his late Majesty King George the Second, for

the more effectual amending tlx Highway between PfockHffeT

and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairings

the Road leading through Woburn to Tick ford Bridge, in'

Newport Pagnelf, in th* County ^ Bucks.

69. An Act for continuiirg the Term*, and altering ancf*

enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-

eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads

heading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge in

the County of Warwick, through the Town of South am

in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury in the County

of Oxford ; and from the Giddefojl in the Tillage of Ad-

der bury in the same County, through Kidlingron, to the

Mile-way leading towards the City of Oxford ;• and also the

Road leading from a Place called The T wo Mile T ree near

the City r/'Oxford, over Gosford otherwise Goffard Bridge,

to a certain Gate entering upon Weston on the Green irr

the said County \ so far as the fame relates to the Road

leading from the Cross of Hand near Finford Bridge in

the County of PTarwicky through the Town of Southern

in* the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the

County of Oxford.

70* An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Tct-

bury to the Gates on the Weft of Simond's hall Dowrf9

and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, so far as the

fame relates to the Road from the Market-house in Tet-

bury to the Turnpike Road on Minchinbampton Com-

mon and from the said Road in Minchinbampton Field*

unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroudy near

Burnt-afh\ and from the said Turnpike Road toTayloe's

Mill-pondy in Chalford Bottomr and through Hidey to the

Bottom of the Bourn-hilly in the County of Gloucester.

71. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads frorrv

PVarwick to Paddle Brook, and from Warwick to Strat-

ford upon Avon, in the Counties of Warwick and Wor-

cester; and for repealing the Laws now in Force relating;

to the said Roads.

72. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made In the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Ma-

jesty'King George the Second, intituled, An Act for re-

pairing and widening the High Road, leading fr om the

Town 0/Mansfield, in the County ^Nottingham, through'

the Towns of Ple^fley, Glapwell, Heath, W Normefl-

ton, and the Liberty of Hafland, to the Turnpike Road lead-

ing from the Town of Derby to the Town of ChesterfieJdr

in the County of Derby.

73. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so

much of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intf-

tuled, Ah Art for repairing and widening the Roads front

Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through Bottesford

and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge; and from

Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Notting-

ham, to Saint Mary’s Bridge, in the Town rf Derby;

and from the Guide- pojly in the Parish of Lenton, to SaW-

ley Ferry* as relates to the Road leading from Chappel

Bary near the Weft End of the Town of Nottingham^ to

Saint Marys Bridgey in the Town of Derby, and from

the Guide-poll, in the Parish of Lentony to Sawlcy Ferry.

74. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,

made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Ma-

jesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for re-

pairing and widening the Roads from Chappel Bar, mar

the kvejl End of the Town of Nottingham, to New Ha-

ven, and from The Four Lane Ends near Oakerthorpe,

to Alhborne, and from The Cross-post on Wirksworth-

moor, to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to Chapel

en le Frith, at or near Longfton, in the County of Derby,

and

