A. D. 1779.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III.

C. 51,

419

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Toll-gate Keeper who

shall have received such Stamp-office Tickets as aforesaid, who shall not bring, or cause to be brought, such

Tickets, at the Times and Places aforesaid, shall, upon Demand made at the Gate of such Turnpike, de-

liver such Tickets to the Collector to be appointed by the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on

stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, as aforesaid; and if any Toll-gate Keeper shall refuse to deliver

up all and every such Stamp-office Tickets, so received by him or her, upon such Demand as aforesaid,

every Toll-gate Keeper shall, for each Ticket he or (be shall so refuse to deliver up, forfeit and pay the

Sum of five Shillings, to be recovered as herein-after is directed.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Postmaster, Innkeeper,

Qr other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, not residing in the Cities of London and Westminster, nor within

the Bills of Mortality, shall, at the Times and at the Places to be mentioned at the Foot of the first Li-

cence granted to him, her, or them, when the fame shall be delivered, and afterwards at the Foot of every

.Receipt which shall be given by the Collector for the Money paid in by him, her, or them, on account

of the said Duties, attend, and there deliver in and pass his Account, and pay the Duty received by him,

her, or them, as aforesaid, to the Collector so appointed to collect the fame: Provided that no such Person

as aforesaid shall be compelled to travel for the Payment of the far’d Duties, or other causes whatsoever

touching or concerning the fame, if he, (he, or they live in a Market-town, out of the said Town, or

if he, she, or they live out of a Market-town, then to no other Place than to the Market-town nearest

to his, her, or their Habitation.

XXII. Provided alfoy and it is hereby further enacted and declared. That nothing herein contained shall

extend, or be construed to extend, to any Horses used in Hackney-coaches, licensed pursuant to several Acts of

Parliament made for that Purpose; nor to any Horse or Horses used in the drawing of any Coach, Chariot, or

Chaise, or any other Carriage, used in travelling Post, where such Horse or Horses shall be hired to return

before Twelve of the Clock at Night of the same Day with the fame Carriage, and any Person or Persons

therein by or for whom such Horle or Horses were hired, and shall actually return accordingly.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid. That every Horse

hired by the Mile, or Stage, shall be deemed to be hired to travel Post, within the true Intent and Meaning-

of this Act, although the Person or Persons hiring the fame do not go or travel several Stages upon a Post-

road, or change Horses; and although at the Stage or Place at or to which such Horse shall be hired there

shall not be any Post-house ; and although there shall not be any Post settled or established on the Road, or

any Part thereof, upon which such Horse shall be hired to go; any Thing herein-before contained, or

any Law or Usage, to the contiary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or

other Person, licensed to let Horses in Manner aforesaid, shall die, it shall and may be lawful for his or

her Executors, Administrators, or other Persons succeeding to such Inn, House or other Place, to let Horses

to Hire in Manner aforesaid, until such Time as such Person shall procure such Licence, and give such

Security as herein-before directed, without being liable to the Penalty herein-before inflicted upon the Per-

fons letting Horses to Hire without being licensed in that Behalf, provided such Licence be taken out

within thiny Days after the Death of such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person ; and such Person or

Persons shall be subject to the fame Rjles, Regulations, and Charges, and liable to account, and to the

Payment of the fame Rates and Duties hereby imposed, as such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person,

was subject and liable to.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July,

one thousand seven hundied and seventy-nine, no Person who shall keep any four-wheeled Chaise, or other

Machine, commonly called A Diligence or Post-coach, or by what Name soever such Carriage or Carriages

now are or hereafter shall be called or known, for the Purpose of conveying, in the Inside thereof, any

Number of Passengers, not exceeding four, for Hire, from Stage to Stage, or from Place to Place, shall let

out the fame for such Purpose, without having first obtained a Licence under the Hands of two of the said

Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for that Purpose,

upon Pain to forfeit, for every Time such Machine shall be so used, the Sum of five Pounds> to be re-

covered and applied as herein-after is directed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this

Ad', any two or more of his Majesty’s Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arising by Stamps

on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or feme Person duly authorised(by them, shall grant Licences, under

their Hands and Seals, to any Person or Persons who shall apply for the fame, to let out for Hire any such.*

Diligence, or other Carriage, for the Purpose aforesaid, for the Space of one Year, to commence from the

fifth Day of Juiy, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, upon all Licences to be granted on or

before that Day ; and upon Licences to be first granted to any Person or Persons after the said fifth Day of*

July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, to commence from the Day of the Date of such Li-

cence; which foid Licence shall be renewed at least ten Days previous to the Expiration of the Year for

Which it was granted ; and if the Person or Persons so licensed shall continue to let out for Hire such Ma-

chine, Diligence, or Carriage, as aforesaid, he,The, or they shall, in the same Manner, renew such Li--

cence from Year to Year, paying down the respetftive Sumjs due for such Licence, and so yearly and every

Year, as long.as he, she, or they shall continue to let such Diligence, or other Carriage, in Manner

aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person or Persons, so licensed to-

let out Diligences, or other Carriages, in Manner aforesaid, shall, by virtue of one Licence, keep more

than one Diligence, or other Carriage, for the Purpose aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons,

fc licensed to use any Diligence or Carriage as aforesaid, to and from Stegc to Stage, or fresh Place to Place,

shall

Penalty on Toll-

gate Keepers

who shall not

deliver up Tic-

kets on Demand.

Where Port-

ia afters, &c. re-

siding outcf the

Bills of Morta-

lity, are to at-

tend and pass

their Accounts.

This Act not to

extend to Horses

used in Hack-

ney-coaches,

&c.

All Horses hired

by the Mile, or

Stage, shall be

deemed hired

to travel Post.

On the Death of

any licensed

Postmaster, &c,

his Executors,

&c. shall not be

liable to any

Penalty for let-

ting Horses to

Hire, provided

they take out a

Licence within

30 Dajs after

his Dec.t-»

No Person fltell-

let out for Hue

any Diligence,

or Host-coach,

&c. without a

"Licence,

on Penalty of

4I. for each

Offence.

Commifli'oners

of Stamp-duties

to grant such Li-

cences to all Per-

fons who shall

apply for thorn#

Only one Dili-

gence, See, to be

kept by virtue

cf one Licences

All hcensed Per-

fons to pay One

HJf-penny lor

