The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Fleming, pursuant to the Will of Fletcher' Flemings de-

ceased. ,

44. An Act for naturalizing Henry Amftnck.

4,-. An Act for establishing an Exchange between George

Earl of Shrezvfbury, and Thomas Gilbert Esquire, of divers

Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Stafford5 and

for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

46. An Act for confirming a Partition of several Estates,

in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, between the Ho-

nourable Charles William Wyndham and others the De-

vifees of Charles late Earl of Egremont deceased, and their

I(1'ue, and Charles Marquis of Granby, and Charlotte

Countels of Aylesford, and for veiling and settling the

fame to the several Uses therein mentioned ; and for fe-

. veral other Purposes therein mentioned.

47. An Act to enable the Guardians of Sir Charles Style

Baronet, an Infant, to grant Leases of his -Freehold.

Estates in Middlesex during his Minority, and to effec-

tuate the pther Purposes therein mentioned.

4^. An Act for Sale of the next J’refentations to certain

Livings, late the Estates of Sir Griffith Boynton, Baronet,

. deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for substituting

other Parts of his Estates to be charged with his younger

^Children’s Fortunes, in Lieu of those by his Will charged

therewith, and for other Purposes.

49. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Henry

. Scour fie Id Esquire, fit u ate in the County of Brecon, and

for purchasing other Estates in the County of Pembroke,

. to be settled, in Lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

50. An Act for vesting in Trustees; and their Heirs, the

settled Estate of John Tempejl Esquire, situate in the

County of Kent, in Trull, to sell the same, and for lay-

ing out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase

of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in Lieu

thereof, to the same Uses.

51. An Act to impower certain Persons to infranchise di-

vers Copyhold and Customary Lands and Tenements

within the several Manors or Lordships of Titchfield, Lee

Marks and Mirabell, Crofton, and Newland, in the Coun-

ty of Southampton ; and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

52. An Act to enable John Bowater Esquire, during his

Life, and after his Death the Guardian or Guardians of

his issue Male by the Honourable Frances Bowater his

Wife during their respective Infancies, to grant Building

Leases of his Settled Estates at Woolwich and Charlton,

in the County of Kent-

53. An Act to enable the Executors and Trustees of the

Will of Charles Churchill Esquire, deceased, and in the

'Marriage Settlement of Charles Churchill Esquire, and

Lady Maria his Wife, to raise Money by Sale or Mort-

gage of foroe of the Trust Securities for advancing to the

Children, in their Father’s Life-time, Part of their Por-

tions provided for them by the Settlement, but thereby

not made .payable till after his Decease.

54. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of

Carmarthen, Brecon, and Radnor fdevifed by the Will

of Roderick Gwynne Esquire, deceased) in Trustees, to

be fold ; and for Laying out the Money arising therefrom

in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to

be settled to the same Uses.

55. An Act for varying certain Provisions contained in an

Act, made'in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Moors,

Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land, within the Pa-

jilh and Manor of Lanchester, in the County Palatine of

JDurham.

56. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Tract of

..Common or Waste Ground, called Lower Darwen Moor,

in the Parish of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of

Lancajitr. 6

57. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the fe-

veral Open and Common Fields, Moors, Commons,

and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Irthington, in the

County of Cumberland-

's. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Pallures, and other Commonable

Lands, within the Parish of Claxton, other wise Long

Clavjfon, in the County of Leicester.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and'Com-

mon Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish

or Liberties of Bucknell, in the County of Oxford.

60* An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Common Pallures, Moors, and

Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and

Township of Amcotts, in the Parish of Althorpe, in the

County of Lincoln.

6« .An Act for-dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Grounds in the Manor of Ajbover in the County

of,Derby*

62. An Act for dividing, allotting, and indafing, the Open

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other

Commonable Lands, in'the Manor and Hamlet of Dean,

in the Parish of Spelfbury, in the County of Oxford.

63. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain

Commonable and Waste Lands, called ASlon Common,

Marlepit Common, and Coot Shute, within *he Parish of

Iron AHon, in the County of Gloucester.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Open Fields of Leire m-the County of Leicester.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part of the

Common or Waste Ground called Kingswood, which

lies in the Parish of Stapleton, in the County of G/w-

cefier.

66. An Act for dividing and •inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pallures, Common Meadows,

and Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the PariQi

of Clifford Chambers, in the County of Gloucester.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and Com-

monable Places, within the Parishes and Liberties of

Bierton and Hulcot, in the County of Bucks.

68. An Act for confirming and establishing a Division and

Inclosure.of the Common, or Open Fields and Waste

Grounds, within the-Parish of Mildenhall, in the County

of Wilts4 and certain Exchanges of Lands and Estates

within the said Parish.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Market Raisin, in

the County of Lincoln.

jo. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common

Pallures, lying and being within the Manors, Lordships,

or Liberties, of Kibworth Beauchamp, Kibworth Ha r court r

1 and Smeeton Weslcrby, in the Parish of Kibworth Beau-

champ, in the County of Leicester.

71. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-

mon Pallures, and Waste Lands, of and within the

Manor, Lordship, or Liberties of Little Bowden, in the

County <rf Northampton.

72. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common

Pallures, Commons, and% other Commonable Lands*

within the Tithing of Elcot, in the Parish of Kintbury9

in the County of Berks.

73. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-

mon Pallures, Commons, and Commonable Lands and

Grounds, within the Parish of Spcen, in the County of

Berks•

74* An

