io8

Foreign Gbf*

liable to any

Duty, which

/hail be in -,

posted clan-

dt-stine’y, to be

so. idled;

end the Master

pt the VefiVl,

Sec. to forfeit

Kol.

New Duties on

the* Matesials

ufeJ in making

of Gla.’i,

Plate GUfs, See.

Broad Giaf*.

Crown Glafi.

German Sheet

Class.

Common Bot-

tles.

Milters of Glaft

to enter the.r

Names, fur-

naces, die.

directed by t

above-recited

AIL

D*re£:«ni re-

lating to mak-

ing Entries

Oitll,

C. 39.

Anno cfecimo feptimo Georg it itl.

A. D. 1777#

whhe Glass, and upon all Cakes which shall he imported and brought into Great Britain, the Sum of one

Shilling and Fourpence for every Pound Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; and

for and upon all green Glass, and for and upon all Bottles and Flafics, whether the fame be filled or empty,

which will contain the Quantity of a Quart, respectively, which shall be imported and brought into Great

Britain, the Sum of fourSniliings for every Dozen ; and for and upon all Bottles and Flasks, whether the

fame be filled or empty, which will contain more or less than a Quart, which shall be imported and brought

as aforesaid, the Sum of four Shillings for every Dozen Quarts, be the Quantity of Bottles greater or

lesser; the said several and respective Rates and Duties to be paid by the Importer or Importers thereof

respectively.

4 XXV. And, in order the better to prevent the clandestine Importation of any Foreign Glass,' be it

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Foreign Glass of any Kind, liable to the Pay ment of

any Customs, Subsidies, or Duties, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law whatsoever, so imported as

aforesaid, shall be landed or put on Shore out of any Ship or Vessel, or unshipped with Intent to be put on

Shore, before due Entry be made thereof at the Custom-house, in the Port or Place where the fame shall

be imported, and the respective Duty or Duties payable for the fame shall be paid or secured, or without a

Warrant for the landing or delivering of the fame, first signed determined by the Commissioneis, Collectors, or other

proper Officer or Officers of the Customs respectively ; all such Glass as shall be so landed or put on Shore,

or taken out of any Ship or Vessel, contrary to the Intention of this present Act, shall be forfeited, or the

Value thereof, and shall or may be ftized or recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, by any Officer

or Officers of the Customs or Excise; and moreover the Master, Mate, or other Person or Persons taking

the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and all and every other Person or Persons who shall be any

Ways concerned, or aiding or assisting, in such unfhippingor landing of such Glass as aforesaid, shall, for

every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sura of one hundred Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said fifth Day

of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, there shall be raised,. levied* collefteil, and paid

unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all the Materials or Metal, or

other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name soever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known,

which shall hereafter be made use of in the making of Glass in Great Britain (over and above all other Ratea

and Duties), by any Act or Acts of Parliament (now in Force and not hereby repealed) imposed upon or

payable for the fame, the several and respective additional Rates or new Duties herein-after expressed ; that

is to say, For and upon all the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name so-

ever they now are, or hereafter may he called or known, that shall hereafter be made use of in the making

of all Plate or Flint Glass, and of all Enamel, Stained, or Paste Glass, and of all Phial Glass, commonly

calied or known by the Name of apothecary or other Phials, the Sum of eighteen Shillings and Eightpence

for every Hundred Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or less Quantity; and for and upon all the

Materials or .Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name soever they now are, or hereafter

may be called or known, that shall hereafter be made use of in the making of Spread Window Glass, com-'

monly caJled or known by the Name of Broad Glass, a Duty of seven Shillings for every Hundred Weight,

and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity ; and for and upon all the Materials or Metal, or other

Prep, rations whatsoever, by what Name soever they now are, or hereafter may be’called or known, that

shall hereafter be made use of in the making of all other Window Glass (not being Spread Glass), whether

fLfked or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass, a Duty

c»f fouiteen Shillings for every Hundred Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity ; and

for and upon all the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name soever they now

are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall hereafter be made use of in the making of Glass now

called German Sheet Glass, a Duty of fourteen Shillings for every Hundred Weight, and after that Rate for

a greater or lesser Quantity ; and for and upon all the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatsoever,

by. what Name soever they now are, or hereafter may he called or known, that shall hereafter be made use

of in the making of common Bottles (the fame not being Phials), and of Vessels made use of in Chymical

Laboratories, and of Garden Glasses, and of all other Vessels or Utensils made of common Bottle Metal,

the Sum of three Shillings and Sixpence for every Hundred Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or

lesser Quantity ; the said several and respective Rates and Duties to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof

tefipefti/cly.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons,

who, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, shall be-

come a Maker or Makers of Glass,. shall make such Entry and Entries, in Writing, of their respective

Names, and of their respective Furnaces, Pots, Pot, Chambers, Warehouses, Rooms, and other Places,

for making or keeping of Glass, or of Materials mixed and prepared for making of Glass, and give like No-

tice before they use any Pot or Pots, for the preparing or making of Glass, a9 Makers of Glass were by the

said recited Act directed to make ; on Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect, as by the said recited Act is

directed.

4 XX VIII. And whereas in and by the said recited Act, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That all ‘

€ such Entries, Oaths, or Affirmations, therein mentioned, as should be made in all other Parts of Great

4 Britain, without the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, should be made with or by the respective

c Collectors or Supervisors of the District or Division within which the respective Makers of Glass should

4 inhabit: And whereas Makers of Glass, or some of the Partners, often inhabit out of and at such Distance

4 from the District or Division wherein such Glass was made, as to render it difficult to carry the said Pro-

* visions into Execution;' for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all

such Entries, Oaths, and Affirmations, in and by the said recited Act required to be made in all other Parts

of Great Britain, without the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, shall.be made with or by the respec-

• tiv#

