*5<>

F#rm of Con-

Tidi on.

Proceedings not

to be quaihcd for

want of Form,

nor removed by

Ccitioraii.

This Act not to

repeal any for-

mer Law except

as is herein par-

ticularly ex-

pressed-f

nor to extend to

any Offence

committed a-

gainst the Ad

*a Gro II. be-

foiejulyi, 1777*

Limitation of

Ad iocs.

General Iffiie.

Treble Cofti.

C. 57* Anno decimo feptlmp Geo^on III. A.D. 1777.

with the Records of such Sessions 5 and such Conviction shall and may be drawn up and written on Parch-

ment, and certified in the following Form of Words, as far as the Name of the Person and the Nature of

the Cafe will admit of; (that is to lay)

AfiAJi'fi* (or C c PE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of

■ny other I'hce, J 4 pur Lord A- 5- was convicted before us

as the Cafe A.iil of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of

be) towt. ( 4 or^ for t^e R[^ing of the said County of <?r, for the City, Liberty,

4 Town, or Place, aforesaid, in the said County (as the Cafe shall be) of

4 [Here Specify the Offence, and when and where the fame was committedJ.

4 Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day and Year first above written/

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of

the Matters in this Act contained, or any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender

or Offenders against the said Act of the twenty-second of George the Second, or this Act, shall be quashed

for want of Form, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, into his Majesty’s Court of Ring's Bench ;

and the Justices before whom such Convictions shall be had, shall cause the fame, drawn up in the Form

aforesaid, to be fairly written upon Parchment, and transmitted to the next General or General Quarter

Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place*

wherein such Conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General or General

Quarter Sessions; and in case the Person or Persons so convicted shall appeal from the Judgment of the

said Justices to the said General or General Quarter Sessions, the Justices on such General or General

Quarter Sessions are hereby required, upon receiving the said Conviction drawn up in the Form aforesaid*

to proceed to the Hearing and Determination of the Matter of the said Appeal, according to theDiredion

of the said Act, any Law orUfage to the contrary notwithstandingi

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to repeal any former Law or Laws now in being, for the Punishment of any of the

Offences herein above specified, except so far as is particularly expressed by this Act; and no Offender

who shall have been proceeded against, upon or by virtue of this Act, for any of the Offences herein spe-

cified, shall for the fame Offence be afterwards proceeded against upon or by virtue of any such former Law

or Laws.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend to,

or affect, any Person or Persons for anyrOffence committed or to be committed against the said recited Act

of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, before the said first

Day of July* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven ; but all and every such Offender and

Offenders shall and may be prosecuted and punished in the same Manner as if this Act had not been

made.

XXV. And be it further enacted. That if any Suit or Action shall be commenced or prosecuted against

any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Suit or

Action shall be severally brought, laid, and tried, in the County or Place where the Fad was committed*

and not elsewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the

General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon,

and that the fame was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Act : And if it shall appear to be

so done, or if any such Suit or Action shall be brought in any other County or Place than where the Fad

was committed, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants 5 and upon such Verdict, or if

the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action after the De-

fendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like

Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Cafes at Law*

CAP. LVII.

An Act for more effectually securing the Property of Prints to Inventors and Engravers,

by enabling them to sue for and recover Penalties in certain Cafes.

Preamble. 4 TT7 HERE AS an Act of Parliament passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

Recital of Asti 4 VV King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of deftgmng, en-

8 Geo. II. c •/$ 4 gracing j and etching Hijlorical and other Prints, by vejling the Properties thereof in the Inventors and En~

4 gravers, during the Time therein mentioned: And whereas by an Act of Parliament, passed in the seventh

and 7 Geo. Its. 4 Year of the Reign of his present Majesty if or amending and rendering more effectual the aforesaid Act, and

4 for other Purposes therein mentioned, it was (among other Things) enacted. That, from and after

4 the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, all and every Person or Persons

4 who should engrave, etch, or work in Mezzotinto or Chiaro Ofcuro, or cause to be engraved, etched,

4 or worked, any Print taken from any Picture, Drawing, Model, or Sculpture, either ancient or mo-

c dern, should have, and were thereby declared to have, the Benefit and Protection of the said former Ad,

4 and that Act, for the Term therein-after mentioned, in like Manner as if such. Print had been graved or

4 drawn from the Original Design of such Graver, Etcher, or Draughtsman : And whereas the said Acts

4 have not effectually answered the Purposes for which they were intended, and, it is necessary, for the

4 PLncouragcment of Artists, and for securing to them the Property of and in their Works, and for the

4 Advancement and Improvement of the aforesaid Arts, that such further Provisions should be made as

* 4 arc

