A. D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III.

C. 48.

2+9

be payable in respe£l of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds directed to be borrowed

and raised upon, the Credit thereof by the said lal^-mentioned Act, according to the true Meaning of the

fame Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That out of the future Surpluses of the said Fund so created, continued,

and augmented as aforesaid (after reserving so much Money as {hall be sufficient to satisfy the Interest due,

and which shall at any Time be due to the said Orphans and other Creditors of the said City ; as also to

satisfy the Interest due and which shall at any Time be due on the said Sum of one hundred and forty-four

thousand Pounds; arvd the said Annuities in respe& of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand

Pounds, as the fame shall grow due and become payable respectively), the Annuities in respect of the said

Sum of forty thousand Pounds to be borrowed and raised under and by virtue of this Act, and also such An-

nuities as may he granted and become payable in respefl of any other Sum or Sums of Money which, by

virtue of any AtSlor Acts of Parliament passed or to be passed during this present Session of Parliament, shall

be raised and charged upon the said Fund, shall be paid from Time to Time, as the fame shall grow due,

before any Part of such Surpluses shall be otherwise applied, as by the said Act of the seventh Year of his

present Majesty is directed ; and that the Residue of such Surpluses, after such Payments as determined by the said

last-mentioned Act are directed to be made out of the Surpluses of the said Fund, and which (till remain

unsatisfied, shall be satisfied thereout, shall, from Time to Time, by Order of the Court of Mayor and

Aldejmen of the City of London (which Order the said Court are hereby authorised and directed to make),

be, by the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, applied towards the Redemption of all and

singular the Annuities to' be payable in respectof the said Sum of forty thousand Pounds, and of such other

bums as shall be granted or become payable in respect of any other Sum or Sums of Money which, by vir-

tue of any Act or Acts of Parliament passed or to be passed during this present Session of Parliament, shall

be raised and charged upon the said Fund, in such Order as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall

think fit.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall give

or cause to be given six Calendar Months Notice of their Intention to pay off such Annuities, to be granted

in respect of the said Sum of forty thousand Pounds to the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall respec-

tively belong; at the End of which six Months, upon Payment or Tender of the respective Sums, far

which such Annuities shall haVebeen granted, to or for the Person or Persons to whom such Notice shall be

given, at the Office of the Chamberlain of the said Cixy of London for the Time being, in the Guildhall of

the fame City, and from thenceforth, the Annuity and Annuities payable to such Person or Persons, to

whom such Notice and Payment or Tender shall hav.e been so given or made as aforesaid, shall cease and

determine; nevertheless the Monies so tendered shall be paid to such Person or Persons upon his, her, or

their Demand, and giving a Discharge for the fame, and the Monies so paid considered as a Debt from or

Charge upon the said Fund shall be annihilated.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if the Surplusses of the said Fund charged with

the Annuities which shall be payable in respectof the said Sum of forty thousand Pounds, shall at any

Time or Times hereafter prove insufficient to pay off and discharge the fame, then and in every such Cafe,

and so often as the fame shall happen, the Sum which shall be wanting to complete the Payment and Dif-

charge of such Annuities shall be advanced and paid out of the Chamber of the said City, and be made good

and (implied out of the like future Surplusses of the said Fund.

VIII. And be it further enacted. That the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum of

forty thousand Pounds so to be raised and borrowed as aforesaid, shall be applied for or towards completing

the said Gaol of Newgate, with the Appurtenances, and building an Infirmary thereto; and the Sum of

twenty thousand Pounds, Refidu- thereof, shall.be applied towards reimbursing the said City the said several

Sums of fifteen thousand Pounds, and six thousand two hundred Pounds, expended out of the Cash of the

said City ; and that no Part of the said Sum of forty thousand Pounds shall be applicable or applied to or for

any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, than to or for or towards the Purposes for which the fame

is appropriated by this Acfl: And if any Surplus shall remain of the said Sum of forty thousand Pounds,

over and above what shall be applied to the several Uses and Purposes aforesaid, such Surplus shall be ap-

plied and appropriated for or towards the Increase of the said Fund by the said Act of the fifth and sixth

Years of King William and Queen Mary established, and by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of King

George the Second, and the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty in Part continued and aug-

mented as aforesaid*

IX. And be it further enacted. That from Time to Time there shall be provided and kept, by the

Chamberlain of the said City of London for the Time being, one or more Book or Books of Vellum or

Parchment, in which all the Monies, which by virtue of this present Act shall be raised or borrowed upon

the Credit of the Fund aforesaid, shall from Time to Time, 2s the fame shall be received, be entered and

set down ; and wherein also all the Monies to be paid and (iifbttrfed out of the Monies to be received shall

from Time te Time be entered and set down ; and such Entry shall express the Time when, the Occasions

for which, and the Names of the Persons to whom, the fame shall be so paiJ, and the Account of such

Receip*s and Payments shall be yearly audited and allowed by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons,

in Common Council assembled, or by any Committee by them to be appointed for carrying the Purposes

of this Act into Execution, and which they are hereby authorised and empowered to appoint.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby authorised and

empowered, from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint such and so many Clerks and other Officers

under them as shall he.necfflary to be employed in or about the Execution of all or any the Purposes afore-

Uid, anJ out of the said Monies to be raised by virtue ox* in pursuance of this Act. to make such Allowances

to

Surplusses of

fjid fund

to be applied.

Upon fix Mon*ha

Notice of Re-

demption of An*

nuitiei, and

Tender of the

Money, the

Annuties to

cea e ;

but the Prin-

cipal to be A; 11

pa v able.

Dt ficiencies in

Payment of la-

ter eft, to be

supplied out of

the Chamber of

London.

The 40,000 1.

to be applicable

only for the

Purpose* of thi»

Act t

The Surplus (if

any) to be ap-

p'ied to increase

the fund.

ChamberTa'n to

keep Accounts

of Rrceipts and

Dtfburfenr.cotn

Commoa Coun-

cil empowered to

appoint xjfBcers j

and allow hem

Salaries.

