4i 8

C. 51*

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1779-

At what Time

licenced Per fen*

residing in Lan«

d ',n or Wertmin-

fter, or within

five Miles there-

of*, or in the

B 11s of Morfa-

li'y, flull deliver

their Account*

at the Sump,

office, &c.

and such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, residing rn the City of London or

Liberty of Westminster, shall, the first *Tuesday or Wednesday in every Month, and such other Perions io

licenced as aforesaid, residing within five Miles of the City of London, or Liberty of Westminster, or witlvn

the B.Us of Mortality, shall, the first Thursday or Friday in every Month, or at such other Times as may

be appointed by the said Commissioners, on public Notice given in the Gazette, bring in and deliver to the

Commissioners, or to the Person or Persons appointed by them for the Purpose of receiving the fame, at the

Head Office, the Accounts herein-before directed for the four Weeks ending on the Saturday preceding

such Day of Delivery, and shall, within eight Days thereafter, pay such Sum and Sums of Money which

shall appear to be due thereon to the Receiver-general for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vel-

lum, Parchment, and Paper, or to the proper Officer for the 'Lime being for collc£ling the said Duties, fir

the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at the Head Office in Lincoln s Inn, or wherever else the

fame may be held, upon Pain of forfeiting ten Pounds for every Default in not delivering in such Account,

and double the Amount of the Money so due and payable from such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Per-

son, for the said Rates or Duties, for the Nonpayment thereof.

XIII And it is hereby further enacted, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person so licensed

as aforesaid, not residing within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within five Miles of the fame, or

within the Bills of Mortality, shall, at all such Times and Places to be appointed for that Purpose as herein-

after mentioned, produce and deliver the Accounts herein-before directed for the Weeks ending on the

Saturday preceding such Delivery, and then unaccounted for, to the Person or Persons duly authorised, by

Commission under the Hands and Seals of three of the said Commissioners for managing the Duties of

stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to receive such Accounts, and the Money due thereon, and at

the fame Time pay to such Person or Persons all Sum and Sums of Money which shall appear to be due

upon such Accounts, under the Penalty of ten Pounds for every Default in not delivering such Accounts,

and double the Amount of the Money due and payable from such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person,

for the said Rates or Duties, for the Nonpayment thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Ticket delivered from

the Stamp-office, that shall appear with the Number of Miles expressed therein, either in Words or Figures,

ed ^ereiniPfhalV deemed a Ticket upon which the Duty has been received, and shall be accounted and paid for by

the Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, according to such Number of Horses and Miles marked there*

on, at and after the Rate aforesaid.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or

other Person, so licensed as aforesaid, who shall be guilty of any wilful Concealment, or making false

Accounts, or any other fraudulent Contrivance, Device, or Pretence whatsoever, with an Intent 01 Design

to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Rates or Duties imposed by this A&, or any

Part thereof, such Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be

recovered as herein-after directed; and the said Commissioners shall and may, if they shall so think fit,

after Judgment obtained against such Offender, refuse to grant to such Offender any Licence in future.

4 XVI. And, in order to prevent the evading the Payment of the Duties hereby granted, by permitting

4 Carriages conveying Persons Pod to be drawn by Horses which have paid the Duty for the Stage, under

the Pretence of such Horses being upon the Return home;’ be it further enacted by the Authority afore-

said, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, who shall take the Hire for such Horses by thei

Mile, or from Stage to Stage, shall be considered as the Person to whom the Duties herein-before granted

shall be pnid, and shall be chargeable with and accountable for the fame, as if such Postmaster, Innkeeper,

or other Person, was the actual Proprietor of such Horses, although the fame may belong to, and be the

Property of, any other licensed Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person.

4 XVII. And, in order to prevent evading the Payment of the Duties hereby granted upon Horses hired

4 by the Mile or Stage, under Pretence of the letting such Horses for a Day, or any less Period of Time/

be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, at whose Inn,

House, or other Place, kept for letting Horses to Hire, any Traveller or Travellers shall change Horses,

shall let to Hire any Horse or Horfts, to such Traveller or Travellers, in any other Manner than by the

Mile or Stage; and if any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, shall act contrary hereto, he, (he, or

they, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered as herein-after

mentioned

4 XVIII. And, in Compensation for the Trouble every Toll-gate Keeper may have in and about the

4 Execution of this Act, and for an Encouragement to discover and detect Frauds that may be committed

4 against the fame/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Receiver-general at the Head

Office, and the said other Colledlois, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to pay to

the respcdli^e Toll gate Keepers, who shall deliver, as herein-after mentioned. Tickets by him or her re-

ceived a; such respective Gates, the Sum of ten Shillings, where the Duties upon such Tickets shall

amount so one hundred Pounds; and at and after that Rate for 'Tickets where the Duties thereon shall

amount to any greater or less Sum than one hundred Pounds, and also allow such Toll-gate Keeper to re-

tain the Money collected by him from such Traveller or Travellers who shall not, pursuant to this Act,

have delivered Tickets to such 'Foil gate Keeper, a^ aforesaid.

XIX. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That all and every Toll-gate Keeper shall,

for the Compensation and Allowance aforesaid, bring, or cause to be brought, the Tickers herein-

bef:re mentioned by him or her received, if within five Miles of London, then to the Head Office there,

or to such other Place within the Dills of Mortality as the CommiGioners shall appoint; and if beyond the

D(1 jnee of fiv e Miles from London, then to such Places, and at such Times, as the Collector appointed to

collect such Duties shall require, and deliver up, or cause to be delivered up, such Tickets to the Receiver-

general or Collector to be appointed as aforesaid.

4. ' ' XX. And

Where and when

licensed Persons

living in other

Part* or the

Kingdom (hill

deliver their Ac-

counts, See,

AH Tickets hiv-

ing the Number

of Mile* exprefT-

be accordingly

p >id for by the

Postmaster, See,

Penalty on Post-

snafteis, See, who

shall endeavour

to def>and his

Majesty of the

Kates imposed

by this Act.

Ivery Poftmaf-

ter, &c. who

shall take the

Hire for Horses

travelling Post,

shall be account-

able for the

Duty.

No Postmaster,

Sic. at whose

Hi use any Tra-

veller shall

change Horsei,

shall let them

tiny otherwise

than by the

Mil: or Sta^e.

Receiver-general

of the Stamp-

duties shall pay

to the Toll-gate

Keeper* 10?.

where the Dutie*

on Tickets de-

livered by them

shall amoint to

lco I. See,

Where and when

the Tull-fate

Keejeis shall

bring the said

Takas.

