The TITLES of

99. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

Common Grounds, Heath and Wade Grounds, of and

within the Parish of Maidford, in the County of North-

ampton.

too* An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the

Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Com-

mon Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and

Grounds, of and within the Parish and Liberties of

Wooton% in the County of Northampton.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-

tures. Common Ground, and Wade Grounds, within

the Manors or Lordfhtps of Roujlencb and Radford\ in

the Parish of Roujlencb, in the County of Worcester.

102. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Patrick Blake

Baronet, with Dame Annabella Blake, his now Wife;

and to enable him to marry again; and for other Pur-

poses therein mentioned.

103. An Act to didblve the Marriage of Thomas Darby,

Clerk, with Mary his Wife; and to enable him to

marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

104. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Christopher

Degen, with Catherine Furlongs his now Wife; and to

enable him to marry again; and.for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

ioq. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Clctworthy Dob-

bin Esquire, with Mary his now Wife; and to enable

him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

jc6. An Act to enable Edmund Hartopp (lately called

, Edmund Bunney) Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body by

Ann his Wife, to take and use the Surname, and bear

the Arms, of Hartopp.

107. An Act for naturalizing Court Henry Dirs.

108. An Act for naturalizing Phillippe Befnard.

109 An Act concerning certain Estates heretofore of

Francis Keck Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Ox-

ford and Wilts, (that is to say) for vesting such Part

thereof which hath been fold under a Decree and sub-

the STATUTES.

sequent Order of the Court of Chancery, in Trusteesy

to enable them to convey the fame; and for carrying

into Execution an Agreement concerning other Parts of

such Estates; and for confirming and carrying into Exe-_

custon a Partition made, purfuaot to the said I

subsequent Order, of so much of the said Eft-

main unfold; and for vesting Part of such Estates in

Diana Mary Barker and her Heirs, subject to the Trufts

in the Will of Francis Baber Esquire, deceased, and the

Residue in Trustees, to be sold; and for directing the

Application of the Money which shall arise by such Sale;

and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

110. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Te-

nements, and Hereditaments, in the Panlh of Crayford,

in the County of Kent, comprised in the Marriage Set-

tlement of Shovel Blackwood and Sarah his Wife, in

Trustees, to the several Uses within mentioned; and

also for vesting certain other Messuages, Lands. Tene-

ments, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Norborn,

Betjbanger, Ham, Sholdon, and Pontoons, in the said

County of Kent, called Poult on Farm, and Weft Street,

and Park Gate Farm, entailed upon the Issue Male of

the said Shovel Blackwood, in other Trustees, to the fe-

veral Uses within mentioned

hi. An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Messuages,

Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Surrey, set-

tled in and by the Will of Thomas Bridges Esquire, de-

ceased, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to Articles;

and for laying out the Purchase-money in other Lands

and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of the said

Will.

112. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and drain-

ing, certain Moors, or Pieces of Waste Land, within

the Parishes of Saint John and Saint BenediB % in Glqfton-

bury, in the County of Somerset.

113. An Act to enable fames Kumball, now called fames

filter, his first and other Sons, and their Heirs Male*

to take and use the Surname, and bear the Coat Ar-

mour, of Quiltei\ in pursuance of the Will of fame*

Quiber Esquire, deceased.

<^,

