A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C. 12.

Composition Money due; and if for Statute-labour, for double the Composition corresponding thereto,

and for the Ex pence of the Poinding, not exceeding two Shillings and Six-pence Sterling, to be afcer-

tained in the Warrant of Poinding.

XVII. And be it further enaaed by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners shall appoint a

Collector in their respective Parishes for receiving the Monies arising from Conversions or otherwise, to

whom they iball allow a reasonable Salary.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector of the Land Tax, or

Cess, of each Royal Borough, in the said County, for the Time being, shall be annually bound to coiled!

the Conveifion Money of the Statute-work of the Inhabitants, and others, residing within such Royal

Boroughs, in case he shall be desired or required so to do by the Commissioners of the Parish, at their first

Annual or any After-meeting; and shall be bound to account for and pay to the said Commissioners, or

any Persons empowered by them, the Monies he shall so collect! and receive, after Deduction of five

Pounds Sterling per Centum of the Sums so collected, to be allowed him for his Trouble; and that under

the Penalty of five Pounds Sterling, to be paid by such Collector to the Commissioners, for every such

Offence, in refusing or neglecting so to do; which Penalty shall be levied and recovered in Manner herein-

after directed: And that the Commissioners shall have Power to appoint a Clerk in their respective Pa-

riflies, who shall enter all their Proceedings in a Book, to whom they may allow a reasonable Salary.

X(X. And be it further enafied by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners may appoint

Committees of their own Number, or others residing within the Parish, to direct the Application of the

Work, and Money allowed for the particular Roads: And that the Commissioners or Committees may

appoint Overseers under them, with a fuirable Gratification for their Trouble.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector shall be obliged annually

to make up an exact Account of the Money received by Conversions or otherways; and the Committees

or Overseers shall, in like Manner, make up an Account of the whole Money expended, and Statute-

work performed, in their respective Parishes; which, with the Vouchers, shall be annually laid before

the Justices, at their Quarter Sessions, to be examined by them, or such of their Number as they shall

appoint: And that Abstracts of these Accounts be recorded in the Books kept by the Clerk of the Peace,

for which he shall be allowed a Gratification from each Parish, as the Justices shall determine, not ex-,

ceeding five Shillings Sterling: And that Collectors and Committees, or Overseers, neglecting to give in

their Accounts, may be fined by the Justices, in a Sum not exceeding five Pounds Sterling; to be ap-

plied to the Reparation of any of the Roads within the County, at the Direction of the Justices.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners of any

Parish shall neglect! to execute the Powers committed to them by this Act, and shall not have applied at

least one Half of their Statute-work in Money or Labour, it shall be lawful for the Justices, at their

Quarter Sessions (on the Application of any one Heritor in the County), to apply the Statute-work of such

defaulting Parish to the Reparation of the Roads in that or any adjoining Parish; but that, where only

Part of a Parish has been deficient, the Money levied from such Deficients shall be applied in that

Part of the Parish where the Commissioners have done their Duty, or where these Commissioners shall

desire.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Overseers,

or any employed by them, to dig, gather, and take away, all Kind of Materials for repairing the Roads

mor from any Common or Waste Grounds, without making any Satisfaction; and from several Grounds,

(not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of inclosed

Ground, planted, set apart, and used for a Plantation or Nursery for Trees, or Pleasure Ground) and to

open convenient Acccfles for carrying off the said Materials, on making such Satisfaction for the Damage

done, as the Commissioners shall judge reasonable: And that it shall be lawful to the Overseers to make

causeways and Bridges on the Roads, and to make necessary Ditches or Drains through the adjacent

Grounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Roads commonly called King's High-

ways shall hereafter be thirty Feet wide, clear of Dike, Ditch, or Hedge, where not already inclosed, in

Terms of the former Statutes; and that Church and Market Roads, and all other Roads, beat least

twenty-two Feet wide, clear of Dike, Ditch, or Hedge: And that it shall be lawful to the Commissioners

in each PariQi, to alter the Course of the said Roads, on making such previous Satisfaction so the Owners

or Occupiers of the Ground, as any two or more Justices shall judge reasonable: Provided, That in al-

tering the said Roads, no Damage shall be done to any House or Building, the Side Walls of which are

above ten Feet high, or to any Garden, Orchard, Yard, inclosed or planted Walk, or Avenue to any

House or inclosed Ground, set apart and used as a Plantation or Nursery for Trees, or Pleasure Ground,

Park or Policy, or to any growing Timber that affords Shelter or Beauty to any of the Premises: And

further, That no old Road shall in any case be flopped, till the new otic is made sufficient, and declared

such by a Quarter Session, or a Committee to be appointed by them for that Purpose: And that, where

Roads run through uninclosed Grounds, Head-ridges Cull be made on each Side, at least twenty Feet broad^

Under a Penalty not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings Sterling.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where there are Ditches on the

Sides of the Roads, the Occupier shall keep them scoured and clear; and where Branches of Trees or

Hedges hang over the Road, so as to annoy or interrupt the free Passage of the fame, the Owners shall

cut or prune them; and on their failing to do so when required, any 1 wo or more Justices may appoint

Persons to scour such Ditches, and cut or prune such Branches or Hedges, at the Owners Expence, to be

levied as directed for levying the Conversions of the Scatute-work, provided the fame be done betwixt the

fiift Day of October and the fitft Day of February

XXV

329

A Col If dor to

be appointed in

each Parish.

Conversion In

Money in Royal

Boroughs to be

levied by the

Collector of the

Land Tax,

and paid to the

Commiflicneis,

after deducing

5 per Cent.

Penalty.

Clerks to be ap.

pointed.

Commissioners

may appoint

Committee#,

and Overseers.

Accounts to be

marde up an-

nually,

and laid before

the Quarter

Seffiofis,

Penalty.

Penalty on any

Parish not ma-

king the Ser-

vices cficdUal*

Overseers may

take Materials*

Power to make'

causeways,

Bridges, &c.

Breadth of

Roads.

Power to titer

Roads.

Head, ridges eo ’

Feet broad.

D'tches to be

scoured,

and Hedges -

pruned.

