5l6

further continu-

ed till June %\9

‘17 §s> See,

*5 Geo. III.

Cap. 35, to per-

mit the free 1m-

iportation of raw

Goat Skins,

furthercontinued

until June ao,

1785, Ac.

So much of 16

Geo. Hi. Cap.

37, as relates to

the Exportation

of Wheat, Sec,

to the Sugar

Colonies,

further continu-

ed until May j,

<781.

So much of 17

Geo. III. Cap.

43, at permits

the Exportation

of Tubacco-pipe

Clay to the Sugar

Colonies,

further continu-

ed until Junc24>

J783, See,

Preamble.

From the pair-

ing of this Act

till Match

17*'. Merchant

Ships, Sec. may

be navigated by

three-fourths

Foreign Seamen.

This Act not to

t< t.ainany Rey-

). Proclamation

to be nude pur-

suant to an Act

lj Geo. 11.

jC. 20. Anno vicesimo Georgii III. A.D. 1780.

for a limited Time, which was to continue in Force from the twenty-fourth D«y of June, one thousand

seven hundred and sixty-four, for the Term of one Year, and from thence to the End of the then next

SelTiatvof -Parliament; and which was by two Acts, made in the sixth and thirteenth Years of the Reign

or his present Majesty, further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hun-

dred and eighty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the

fame is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one

thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament.

Ill* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, to permit the free Importation of raw Goat Shins into this Kingdom for a

limited Time, which was to continue in Force from the twentieth Day of June, one thousand (even hun-

dred and seventy-fiv^ for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the Expiration the;eof, until the

twentieth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the fix-

teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act jof allowing the Exportation of certain

Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, and to the ljland of Saint

Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the

East Indies, and of Biscuit and Peasto Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaieur, and Labrador; and for

indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution his Majesty s Orders of Council al-

ready made for allowing the Exportation of Wheat, and other Articles; as relates to allowing the Export-

ation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America,

which was to continue in Force until the first Day of January, one thousand seven bundled and seventy-

seven; and which by three Acts, made in the seventeenth, eighteenth, and nineteenth Yeats of the Reign

of his present Majesty, was continued until the first Day of A/ay, one thousand seven hundred anrd

eighty; shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day

of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Adf, made in the seven-

-teenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An All for repealing the eleventh Rule in the

Book of Rates, so far as the fame relates to the maktng any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants

and Raisins, andfer making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in.the Duties in lieu thereof \ and for ex-

plaining the said Rule with respect to fitch Allowance for Damage on other Goods ? and to permit the Exportation

' of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, for a

.limited Time; as permits the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the B? itish Sugir

Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, which was to continue in Force until the twenty-lourth Day

of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Sel-

fion of Parliament; shall be, and the fame is hereby "further continued from the Expiration thereof, until

the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament*

CAP. XX.

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of

War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

4 17 O R the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on Board

4 1/ Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels ;’ be it enacted by the King’s nv ft Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of

this Act, until the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, and no

longer (except in respect to such Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships or Vessels, which shall be on

their Voyage before the said twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one,

who {hall be, and are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning Home navigated in the Manner

as herein-after is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any Merchant Ship, or other Trading Ship or

Vessel, to be navigated by Foreign Seamen or Mariners, not being Natives of Great Britain, or of any of

the Colonies or Plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty’s natural or naturalized Subjects, so as the

Number of such Foreign Seamen or Mariners do not exceed three-fourths of the Mariners at any one

Time employed to navigate such Merchant Ship, or other Trading Ship or Vessel, and that one-fourth at

least of the Mariners or Seamen so employed, be at all Times Natives, or his Majesty’s naturalized Sub-

jects of Great Britain (sudden Death, and Hazard and Casualties of War, and the Seas, saved and ex-

cepted), one Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles

the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and Navigation, or any other

Statute or Law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away or restrain the Effeift

of any such Royal Proclamation, as his Majesty, his Heir9 and Successors, are impowered to make by

virtue of an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better

Supply of Atari ners and Seamen to serve in his Alajejlys Ships of War, and on Board Aler chant Ships and other

Trading Ships and Privateers.

2 4 III* And

