\

216

Expenettof this

Act how to be

pftid.

Public A a.

preamble*

Comaissioners

Names*

C. 33, 34. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment may, if the

said Court shall think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of Petit Larceny.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences in and about obtaining and passing this

Act, shall, as soon as the fame can conveniently be done, be paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of

the said former Acts, or this Act, relating to the Harbour of Rye.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall he deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act;

and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices/and other Persons, without fpc-

cially pleading the same.

cap. xxxra.

An Act for the better Preservation of Fi(b, and regulating the Fisheries, in the Rivers Severn and Ferment.

u Preamble. Recital of Act 1 Eliz. and 30 Car. II. Putt Fisheries described. Restrictions contained in

4< Act 30 Car. II. injurious. So much of Acts 1 Eliz. and 30 Car. II. as relate to Length of Nets and Size

of Meshes, below the Bridge, &c. repealed. Regulations relating to the Time of Fishing, the Size

€t of the Meshes, &c. Penalty on Persons offending against the said Regulations. Penalties may be levied

u by Distress. On Failure of Distress, Party to be committed. On Information on Oath that improper

44 Nets, &c. are suspected to be used. Search Warrants may be granted. Penalty on Persons caofing

44 Obstructions in Fishing-draughts by anchoring of Vessels. Improper Nets found fixed across the Rivers

44 may he destroyed. Justices may grant Warrants to search for illegal Nets. Angling allowed on cer-

44 tain Conditions. Proviso. Clause for preventing fishing in the Night-time, and for otherwise preserving

11 the Fi/h. Stakes to be fixed in the River, to preierve the Fry and Breed of Fish. Limitation of Actions*

* How Justices to proceed for Conviction of Offenders. Form of Conviction. The Penalty in-

41 flifted by Act 1 Geo, I. for catching Fish under Size, may be mitigated. Proviso. Persons aggrieved

44 may appeal to the Quarter Sessions. This Act not to affect any ancient Putt Fisheries, except as afore-

44 said. Beginning and Ending of the Lord’s Day. Proviso. This Act not to extend to Shrimp Nets.

Public Act."

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act; for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Soake of Boling*

brooke and Wapentake of CandleJhoCy in the Parts of Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln.

C WT ^IERE AS in the Soake of Boltnzbrooke and Wapentake of Candltjhoe, in the Parts or lindsey*

in the County of Lincoln, there is a large and extensive Tract of Country, Part whereof borders*

4 for several Miles, on the German Ocean, in which there are forty-four Parishes, Villages, Hamlets,

and Places, besides the three Market Towns of Spilfby, Burghy and Wainfleet All Saints, several of which

are rendered very populous* as well by the Vicinity of several considerable Tracts of Commonable

4 Lands and Wafbe Grounds therein, containing in the Whole forty thousand Acres and upwards, called

4 The Fens (whereon several Thousands of People, by fishing, fowling, cutting of fuel, Reed, and other

4 Thatch, entirely subsist and maintain themselves and Families), as of the Seaport Town of Bojlorty and

by that Means carries on a considerable Trade with the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, Villages, Ham-

c lets, and Places, to a great Number of whom they are obliged to give Credit for small Sums of Money,

4 amounting in the Whole to a large Sum of Money yearly, who frequently refuse, although well able,

4 to pay the fame, presuming on the Discouragement which Creditors lie under, from the great Expences

4 they are unavoidably put unto in suing for such Debts in the County Court, which is upwards of thirty

4 Miles distant from any of the said Parishes, Villages, Hamlets, and Places, within the said Soake of

4 Bolingbrooke and Wapentake of Candlef)joe: And whereas an easy and speedy Method of recovering Small

4 Debts, within the said Soake and Wapentake, will greatly tend to promote Industry, and to support

4 useful Credit thereinmay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

John Atkinfony Samuel Abraham, Samuel Abraham the younger, Charles Allenby, William Ash the younger*

Robert Carr Brackenbury, the Reverend Thomas Booth, Andrew Betti, John Blythe, Thomas Barr, George

Bur man, Benjamin Baxter, William Baxter, Thomas Bright well, John Barker, William Barker, John

Bourne, Cuthbert Blythe, Lawrence Barker, Robert Booth, John Burton, John Bagley, John Burnitty Wil-

liam Burtony William Barn father the younger, Thomas Barker, the Reverend Edward Codd, Thomas Cra~

crofty William Chapmany Jo/. n Chapman, Thomas Collisy William Cock, Joseph Dickinson, Thomas Dauby

John Dcddsy Robert Downs, Thomas Dodds, John Dawson of Burgh, the Reverend Edward Evansy Wil~

lingham Frankliny Thomas Ford, Robert Fozuler, William Goodwin, Richard Gref veil, William Goodwin the

younger, George Gunnis, John Gill, John Grantham, James Garner, John Grayjley, James Hairby, Butler

Hair by y John Hairby, Hairby Hill, John Hollarn, John Hoi I am the younger, John Hill, Thomas Hubhert,

William Horny Richard Hall, Martin Jeffop, Christopher Jeffop, William Knowles, the Reverend Richard

Loxham, John Leemany Henry Longjloff, William Lee, John Lincoln, Samuel Lovell, Robert Lely, the Re-

verend Charles Mycrs, John Mason, Godfrey Morton, William Metis, Robert Martin, Thomas MaulkifJorj,

John Mowbray, James Miller, Thomas Pocklinton Miller, Edward Overton, Gilbert Pilkington, the Reve-

rend William Pennington, Robert Pocklinton, William Pocklinton. William Palethorpe, Edward Pollexferty

Stethen Palmery John Pickbcrn, Samuel Petchell, William Pinchbeck, Joseph Robcrtfon, Robert Rajhdally

John Rafhdall, Francis Riggail, Thomas Reckitty Thomas Ranfon, John Saul, John Saul the younger, John

Smithy Jolm Smith the younger, Robert Snowdeny George Spragge, Joim Snell, John Palmer Tinder, the

Reverend

