A.D.. *779# Anno decimo nono Georgii III. G. io* ja*

{hall give back the Receipts taken as above directed in Exchange for a Copy of the (bid Man’s Discharge; h* been de-

and in Cafe no such Discharge shall have been obtained as aforesaid, then the said Clerk shall, after the Ex- p, DCu' a

piration of fourteen Days from the Time that such Mart was delivered over as aforesaid, pay over, without tartie'oSer

Fee or Deduction, to the Persons respectively intitled thereto under the Directions of this Act, the several the Sums »«-

Sums depofued in his Hands for that Purpose. ceived of him,

&c. If no Discharge be obtained. Clerk to pay over-the Sums deposited to the proper Persons/

XXIX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to impower

the said Commissioners to inlist any Person a Soldier, until the several Sums, herein directed to be paid,

by the respective Officers appointed to receive such new-raised Men, shall be first paid to the Person or Per-

fons respectively authorised to receive the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer or Officers, and other

Person or Persons appointed to attend the said Commissioners, and to receive such impressed Men, shall,

in case he or they shall find it necessary, detain such impressed Men in some secure House or Place, to be

provided by the Justices of the Peace, in their Petty or Special Sessions, for that Purpose; but in case no

such House or Place shall be provided, then in the Gaol of the County, Town, or Place, where such Men

{hall be received into his Majesty’s Service, or in the House of Correction, or other public Prison, of such

County, Town, or Place; and the Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, shall receive

such impressed Men until they can be removed, without Fee or Reward; and such Keeper shall be allowed

the usual Subsistence for such Men, during the Time they remain there, from the Officer by whom they

{hall be delivered as aforesaid; and the Constables, Headboroughs, and other Civil Officers, shall, if re-

quired, be assisting to such Officer in conveying such Man or Men to such Gaol, Place, or House cf Cor-

rection, and shall be allowed such reasonable Sum or Sums as the major Part of the Commissioners then

present shall appoint, to be paid by the Officer or Officers who shall require such Assistance.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, at any of the Meetings of the

Commissioners by this Act appointed, in any of their Subdivisions, they shall not be amended by fomo

proper Officer appointed for the receiving of Recruits, either through Negligence or any unavoidable Acci-

dent; then, and in that Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to adjourn

themselves to some other convenient Day, and they are hereby authorised to give Directions for detaining

in Custody all such Persons as shall have been then brought before them by the Parish Officers to be in-

lifted, or such of them as they shall think duly qualified for his Majesty’s Service; and the said Commis-

sioners shall give Notice to any of the Officers attending on this Service, in the County or Place where

such Subdivisions shall be, of the Day of such Adjournment; and the said Officer is hereby required, either

to attend himself, or appoint some other Person to attend such Commissioners, and to receive such Persons

as the said Commissioners shall inlist into his Majesty’s Service; and the Officers for receiving the said

Recruits shall pay, to such Person as the said Commissioners shall appoint. Six-pence per Diem for the

Subsistence of every Recruit then inlisted, from the Day of the last Meeting of the Commissioners to the

said Day of Adjournment, the fame to be charged to the Account of the several Regiments or Companies

into which the said Recruits shall be inlisted, together with such Charges and Expences as shall appear to

the said Commissioners to have been incurred, on account of tho*tIchaining the said Persons, from the Day

of the former Meeting of the Arid Commissioners to the Day of such Second Meeting, not exceeding three

Founds.

‘ XXXII. And for the better preventing any Disputes which may arise about paying for the Subsistence

c of those Persons who, having been apprehended and detained by virtue of this Act, may afterwards be dif-

4 charged upon Examination before the Commissioners and Military Officers,’ be it further enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, being judged by the Commissioners not to be \yithin the De-

scription of this Act, shall be by them discharged, the Officers of the Parish or Town shall be intitled to

no Consideration for their Expences in keeping such Person; and if any Person being judged determined by the Com-

missioners to be within the Description of this Act, shall be rejected by the Military Officer, such Officer

shall pay to the Officers of the Parish or Town Six-pence per Diem for the whole Time that they shall

have kept such Person, to be charged to the Account of his respective Regiment or Company; and every

Officer who shall object to any Person delivered to him by the Commissioners, shall specify his Objection

to such Person, whether it be to his Age or Size, or bodily Disability, and the Grounds of such Objection

shall he forthwith, as far as may be, inquired into by the said Commissioners, and they shall proceed ac-

cordingly ;-and every Officer who shall refuse or discharge any Person delivered to him by the Commis-

sioners, as fit to serve his Majesty within the Description of this Act, shall, without Delay, if a Land Of-

ficer, transmit to his Majesty’s Secretary at War, or, if a Marine Officer, to the Secretary of the Admi-

. ralty, his Reasons for such Refusal or Discharge, in Writing, signed by himself.

charge to be transmitted to the Secretary

None to be m-

liftrd till the

Sum* payable by

the Officer* are

first paid.

Officer* ma? fe«*

cure impressed

Men.

Keeper to be aK*

lowed their Sub*

fiftt nee Money.

Civil Officer* to-

be aiding in fe»

curing them,

and to be allowed*

for their Tree*

bie.

Officer not at*

tending to re-

ceive Recruits,

CommilTi mer*

miy adiourn,

and order the

Detention of the*

impressed Men*

Notice of Ad-

journment to be

given to Officer*

attendirg this

Service, See.

Officer to par

Subsistence Mo»

ncy for every

Recruit,

and incidental

Charge*.

Persons dirchar-

g*d a? not with-

in the D< frr»p~

tion of this A ct,

Parish not to te

allowed their

Expences:

It within the

Description, and

rejrOeJ by Of-

fleer, be fLlI

psy the Expen-

ces of keeping

them.

ObjrOions to be

specised, and

inquiice into by

Commiflu nei?.

Reasons of Dif.

at War, Ac. 4

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Pay of every such new-raised Min, so delivered to the

Officers or Persons appointed to.receive them as aforesaid, shall commence from the Time of his being

taken and secured as aforesaid; and no Person, so inlisted or entered in pursuance of this Act, shall

bt liable to be taken out of his Majesty’s Service by any Process, other than for some criminal

Matter.

XXXIV. And.it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful

to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to impose upon any Gaoler, or Keeper

of a House of Correction or Prison, who shall suffer any Person, committed to his Custody in pursuance of

this Act, to escape; or upon any High Constable, Churchwarden, Overseer, Petty Constable, Headbo-

rpugh. Tithing man, or other Parish or Town Officer, for every wilful Neglect or Default in the Execu-

tion of any Warrant, Order, prTrccept, to, them or any. of them directed. in pursuance.oLthis Act, a

Fine.

Ne;v-ra*frd Men

to receive Pjy

frorr the Time-

or' their being

secured j

*nd not liable to

Arrest« fir Debt*

Commissioners

nvay levy Fine,

n«»t exceeding

lo I. on Gaolcr-

fer Escape si*

Men,

