. A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. C. 17. 63

said Chafe of Enfield, containing one thousand and twenty‘fix Acres, and three Perches, herein-before

assigned to the said Parish of South Mimms> and the said Heath or commonable Ground adjoining thereto,

containingeighty-seven Acres (be it more or less), shall from henceforth, for the Purposes of dividing,

letting out, and allotting the fame, as herein-after is directed, be deemed, taken, and considered as one

intire Common or Waste Ground belonging to the Freeholders and Copyholders of the said Parish of

South Mi nuns.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That George Maxwell of Gravely in the County of Hertford, John

Socket of South Mimms in the County of Middlesex, and Robert Weston of Brackley in the County of North-

ampton and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be, and they are

hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, setting out, and allotting the said Common or Waste

Ground, containing one thousand one hundred and thirteen Acres, and three Perches (be the fame more

or less), in Manner herein-after directed.

LXXIV. Provided always. That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Exe-

cution of this A £ (unless it be the Power hereby given of administering Oaths, and of giving Notice of

the first Meeting of the said Commissioners J until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath to the fol-

lowing Effect:

South Mimms

Allotment and

Beniley-hejth,

to he divided

aid allotted

among the Free-

holders, tec.

Commissioners

appointed.

Comrriflionen

to be (worn*

€ T A. B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the heft of my Skill OatWCom.

* and Judgment, execute the several Powers and Trusts reposed in me as a Commissioner, by virtue of muiioners.

€ an Aof Parliament, of the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third,

for dividing the Chafe of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex; and for other rurpojes therein toe nttoned y

€ without Favour or Affection to any Person whomsoever/

Which Oath it shall and may be lawful for any one of the said Commissioners to administer to any other

of the said Commissioners; and the said Oath, so taken and subscribed by each Commissioner, shall be

inrolled in the same Place, and at the fame Time, as the Award or Instrument herein-after directed to be

made by the said Commissioners, is, in and by this Act, directed to be inrolled.

LXX V. And be it further enacted, That when any one or more of the Commissioners appointed by

this Act, or to be ele<sted in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die, or refuse to ad, the lurviving or

acting Commissioner or Commissioners shall, frofn Time to Time, within one Calendar Month next after

the Death, or Refusal to ad, of any such Commissioner or Commissioners, or as soon after as Occasion

may require, by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, appoint one or more

Commissioner or Commissioners, not interested in the Inclosure of the said Common or Waste Ground,

in the Room of such Commissioner or Commissioners dying, or refusing to ad, as aforesaid; and every'

such Commissioner or Commissioners, so to be appointed, shall have the like Powers and Authorities, by

virtue of this Act, as the Commissioner or Commissioners, in whose Place or Places he or they shall fuc-

ceed, was or were invested with; provided that Notice be given in the Parish Church of South Mimms

aforesaid, of the Time and Place of every such Election,’ at lead ten Days before the fame shall be

made.

LXXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, and Directions,

and other Matters and Things by this Act given to, or vested in, or directed to be done and executed by

or before the said Commissioners and their Successors, shall and may be done and executed by or before

any two of them, and that the Act and Acts of any two of the said Commissioners shall be of as full

Force and Effect as if done by or before all the said Commissioners; any Thing herein contained to the

contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required

to give public Notice in the Parish Church of South Mimms aforesaid, upon some Sunday immediately after

Divine Service, and also to affix a like Notice in Writing upon the Door of the said Church, of the Time

and Place of their first and every succeeding Meeting for the executing the Powers hereby vested in them,

at least fix Days before every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and that if at

any Time appointed for any such Meeting no more than one of the said Commissioners shall attend, then,

and in every such Cafe, such Commissioner shall and may adjourn the said Meeting to such future Day as

he shall think fit* and all the Meetings of the said Commissioners for executing the Trusts reposed in

them by this Act, shall be held within the said Parish of South Mimmsy or at some Place or Places within

the DiUance of ten Miles from the said Parish.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, shall, as soon as conveniently

may be after passing of this Act, make, or cause to be made, a Survey, Admeasurement, and Valuation

of the said Common or Waste Ground, which Survey, Admeasurement, and Valuation shall be reduced

into Writing, and the Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches, contained in the said Common or Waste

Ground, shall be therein specified and described; and the said Survey, Admeasurement, and Valuation

shall be verified by the Oath of the Person or Persons making the same (which Oath any one or more of

the said Commissioners is and are hereby impowered to administer); and the said Survey, Admeasurement,

and Valuation, shall be laid before the said Commissioners at their Meetings to be held in pursuance of

this Act.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Inclosures and Incroachments which

were taken from or made upon the said Common or Waste Ground before the twenty-ninth Day of Sep-

tember, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six (save only certain Lands uftd

as a Coney-warren, and certain Lands heretofore inclosed for the fothering his Majesty’s Deer) shall not

be deemed any Part of the Lands intended to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act, but shall be

deemed the Ptoperty of the respective Persons who now enjoy the fame, and their respective Heirs, Exe-

cutors,

When Cotnmif-

fi men die. or

refuse to alt,

new ones to be

chosen.

Two Commis-

sioners to be a

Quorum.

Notice of Meet

ings, and Limi-

tation of Dif.

tance.

Survey, Adman

fu remen t, Sce,

to be atade.

Tncroschmentt

made before

September 29,

1776, to be th#

Property of the

Persons in Pof-

session.

Exceptions,

