4*

Penary cn Ju-

lymon rot ap-

pearing when

iumrr.oi.cH,

Suits for any

Sum under 51*

not to be re-

moved by Cer-

tiorari, &c.

proviso.

Public AO,

‘i

Preamble*

How far the

Exemption /ha?l

extend ro Cattle

foing to and

from Hater or

Pasture

This AO not to

exempt Cattle

otherwise liable

to pay Toll.

Prean b!e.

Rights of Par-

ties,

Claim of Trinity

College, Cam*

b ric'ge, to Great

Tyihcs

and of the Vicar

of Enfield to

Small Jjtiut,

C. 16, 17. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

fdr such Defendant or Defendants, and to proceed thereoiras if such Defendant or Defendants had entered

his, her, or their Appearance in pursuance of such Summons or Piecepf, notwithstanding any Law,

Uftujp, or Practice to the contrary.

AXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this A<£t, every Person duly

impannelled and summoned to serve upon any Jury in the said Courts Baron respectively, who shall not

appear and serve on such Jury (after being three Times called, and Proof being made on Oath, that the

Person so making Default hath been duly summoned) shall forfeit and pay, for every such Default, such

Fine, not exceeding the Sum of fire Pounds, as the Steward or other Officer holding the said Court

wherein such Default shall happen, shall from Time to Time think reasonable to impose or set, unless

just Cause for such Defaulter’s Absence shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of such Steward or other

Officer of the said Court respectively; which said Fine or Fines, if not paid on Demand thereof, shall,

together with the Costs of levying thereof, be recovered by Distress and Sale of such Defaulter’s Goods

and Chattels, by Warrant under thtf Hand and Seal of the Steward or Deputy Steward of the said Courts

Baron respetSlively, ancf shall be applied as other Fines of the said Courts have been heretofore payable or

applicable. , . ! r

- XXX. And be it further enacted, That; from and after the passing of this A&, no Plaint, Suit or

A£liory to be entered or commenced in the said Courts Baron respectively, for any Debt or Damages

under nVe'Pouhds, arising jvithatvthe said Honour or Manors respectively, or any Judgement or other Pro-

ceedings to he had thereupon, shall be removed or removeable by any Writ of Recordari facial Loquelam,

Certiorari, falsi?’Judgment, or otherwise howsoever; but such Judgements in the said Courts Baron respec-

tively, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and PbrpoYes whatsoever.

XXXI. Provided neverthefefa,'That all Plaints in Replevin shall be had and proceeded in and remove-

able, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public

Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever*

without specially pleading the tanie.

■ - . 1. '

CAP. XVI.

An Act for limiting the Exemptions from Toll (granted by any Act or Acts of ParliV

men: for repairing Turngikc Kpads) on account of Cattle going lo and from Water

or Pasture.

C \A7 EREAS an Exemption from Toll has, by fevergl A£h for repairing Turnpike Roads, beer*

VV granted for Cattle going to and from Water and Pasture: And whereas many Disputes have

4 arisen how far that Exemption extended; and it is not reasonable that Cattle going to and from Water

4 or Pasture should be exempted from Toll, when they travel upon, and make use of, any Turnpike

4 Road for any considerable Length ;’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be

it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That in all Cafes where any Exemption from Toll for Cattle going to and from Water or Pasture,

i$ or shall be given by: any Act or Acts made, or to be made, for repaii; *g any Turnpike Road, such

Exemption shall only extend to such Cattle as shall be driven to and from Water Or Pasture from one Pa-

rish to the next adjoining Parish, or to such Cattle as shall not pass upon any such Turnpike Road, more

than for the Space of two Miles in going to or returning from Water or Pasture.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no hing in this Act contained shall exempt from the Pay-

ment of Toll, any Cattle going to and from Water or rafture, for which any Person shall be liable to pay

Toll, by any Act made, or to be made, for repairing any Turnpike Road.

CAP. XVII,

An'Act for dividing the Chafe of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Pur^

poles therein mentioned.

€ \X7 HER E A S the King’s most excellent Majesty is seised to himself, his Heirs and Successors, in*

Fee-fimpie, of the Chafe of Enfield, lying within the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Mid-

4 dhjex, being Parcel of the Estates and Possessions of the Duchy of Lanca/ler, subject nevertheless to

4 such Right of Common, and other Rights, as the Freeholders and Copyholders of Messuages, Lands*

4( and Tenements, situate and being within the several Parishes of Enfield, Edmonton, South Minims, and

4 Monken Ha iley, in the fan! County of Middlesex, or the Tenants and Occupiers thereof for the Time

4 being, are intitled unto, within arid upon the said Chafe: And whereas the M after, Fellows, and Scho-

4 lars of Trinity College in the University o! Cambridge are Patrons of the Vicarage of Enfield aforesaid, and

4 also Owners of all impropriate anti redoiial Tythes arising within the same Parish, anJ as such are

4 intitled to all Great Tythes arising or to arue within the said Cnafe: And whereas Tbeodcfn Crowley Wi-

4 dow, as Trustee lor the Right Honourable Ipilmot Earl of Lifburne in the Kingdom ol Ireland, is Lessee.

4 to the said Master. Felloe s, and Schol is. of all the Great T ythes within the said Parish: And whereas.

the Reverend Rickard Neivbon Clerk B..chtlor in Divinity, is the present Vicar of the find Paiifh of En->

4 field, and, by vn t ue thereof, is intit! d to all Vicanal Tythes and Dues within the said-Chafe: And

4 whereas ihe i'hid Chale, in its present State, yields very little Profit or Advantage either to the King’s!

Majesty, or to the said Freeholder and Copyholueis, or their Tenants, in Companion of what it might

4 do,

