A. D. 1777.’ Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III;

C. 5,

Officer to be ap-

pointed to pay

Money for Re-,

lief of ctfua)

Poor acc'ml.dg

so the Order of

the Church*

warden* or

Overseers.

All Parish Mo*

n et to be paid

by the TruAcet*

posited to deliver to any poor Person, not in the Workhouse, Clothing or Vifluafe for their immediate Re-

lief, and which Things such Person is hereby required to deliver porfuantto every such Order.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it {hall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any five

or more of them, to nominate and appoint, under their Hands, a fit Perfcm (not being a Churtchwarden or

Overseer of the Poor of the said ParirnJ for the Purpose of paying all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall

be ordered to be paid for the Purpose of relieving the casual Poor of the said PariQi, and shall take Security

from such Person, and shall and may remove him at their Pteafurej and it shall and may be lawful to and

for the Churchwardens add Overseers of the Poor of the said PariQi, or any# of them^ to give an Order for

the Relief of such casual Poor; signed with his or their Hand or Hands, specifying therein the Sum or Sums

of Money to be paid to such poor Person or Persons ; which Money shall be immediately paid by the Person

so to be appointed as aforesaid for that Purpose, w)io shall, at the next Meeting of the Trustees, produce

and deliver to them the Vouchers for such Sum and Sums of Money that shall have been so expended as

aforesaid. I < 1

X. Provided always* That no Penfon who shall be a Churchwarden or Overseer bf the Poor of the said Pfotflb.

PariQi, shall a St in the Execution of the Office of paying Money for the Relief of the casual Poor* or Pen-

boners and that no Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of the said ParHh shall, from and after the

twenty-seventh Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seven ty-seven, pay or expend, or make any

Charge or Demand for Money expended by him or them for the Relief of poor Persons.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of the said PariQi shall,

at any Time after the twenty-seventh Day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred) and seventy-seven, pay

any Wages, Salary, or other Money, to any Servant or other Person employed or to be employed by the

said Panin ; but all Monies which.Qiall be necessary to be paid for those Purposes flball be ordered and di+

reded by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, and .paid out of the Monies arising by virtue of

this Act. ^ v

XII. Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the Churchwardens of the Pravife.

said PariQi from paying Monies for the Repair of the said Church, and otherwise relating to the Office of

Churchwarden only.

XIII. 'And be it further.enacted. That the said Trustees, or any nine or more of them, shall and may,

from Time to Time, appoint a Collector or Colledora;of.the Rates or Assessment? herein-afterdireded to

be made, and also. a Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of this Act, and*remove him or them at Plea-

sure, and shall take Security from such Collector and Treasurer; and (baji and may also, from Time to

Time, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, appoint one or more Clerk or Clerks, and such

other Officers and Servants for the said Workhouse and the Purposes of this Act, as they shall think necef-

fary, and remove them at their Pleasure: And the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall and

may, from Time to Time, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, pay such Salaries and Al-

lowances to such Collector or Collectors, Clerk, Officers, and Servants, as they shall think reasonable.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, commonly called or known

by the Name of The Hundred Acre Piece, containing by Estimation one Acre and an Half, or thereabouts,

adjoining to a certain Road or Lane, in the said Parish called The Back Road* opposite to a Lane called Stew-

ard*s-lane9 adjoining to the Land of Nathaniel Bishop Efauirc, together with all and singular the Heredita*

ments and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act,

be, and the fame is hereby veiled in the said Trustees and'their Successors for ever, to and for the Uses and

Purposes of this Act, and to and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted. That the said Trustees, or any nine or more of them, shall and may. Who areim

and they are hereby authorised and required to ered, or cause to be erected, one or moreHouse or Houses,

and such other Buildings as they shall think proper and necessary, upon the said Piece or Parcel of Ground,

or upon any Part thereof, for the Residence and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish \ and from

Time to Time to furniQi and provide the fame with Bedding, and all other necessary Furniture and Mate-

rials for the proper and comfortable Support, Maintenance, and .Employment, of the Poor of the said Pa-

riQi ; and to contract and agree with Artificers, Workmen, and other Persons, for the building, furniQi-

ing, and providing for the fame$ and, by and out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, to pay and

satisfy all Monies which shall be justly due and owing to such Artificers, Workmen, or others, employed

in or about the building or furnishing the said House or Houses, or any Matter or Thing relating thereto;

Copies or Extrads of all which Contracts and Agreements made by-or with such Artificers or Workmen

and others, and all Receipts, Payments, Debts, and Credits, and all other Matters and Proceedings con-

cerning the fame, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for those Purposes; which Book or Books

shall, From Time to Time, and at all convenient Times, be open to the Inspedion and Perusal of all Per-

fens paying to the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act.

XVI. And, for the more speedy effecting the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted. That it shall

and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay to the said Trustees, or any

£ve or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, affiy Sum or Sums

of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of three thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchafeof .one

or more Annuity or Annuities to be pflid and payable during the natural Life of every ;such Contributor, or

the natural Life of such Person as shall be nominated by or on ,the Behalf of such respective Contributor at

the Time of Payment of his or her: respective Contribution Money, which Annuity or Annuities shall not

exceed the Rate of eight Pounds per Annum for every one hundred Pounds advanced on the Life of any Per-

ion not under the Age of fifty Years; nor shall the fame exceed the Rate of ten Poupds per Annum for

every one hundred Pounds advanced on the Life of any Person not under the Age of sixty Years and so in

proportion for any.greater or lesser Sum to be advanced as aforesaid; but no Sum of Money shall be ad

vanced on the Lite of any Person under th^jAge p£ fifty Ye^rs j apd ((rail be payable apd p?ud ‘

Trustees rray

appoint Officu s.

and allow them

Salaries.

Ground Yelled

in Trustees for

the Purposes of

this Act

powered to ered

a Workhouse

thereon 5

and to furnish

the fame.

Copies of Con*

tract», Sec. to

he entered in a

Book.

Trustees may

borrow j OOOO T.

upon Annuities)

B

in the Vestry-

room

C. litized by

