A.D. 1780.

Anno vicesimo Georgii IIL

0.52* ss9

hurwlred and eighty, any Stock, Parcel, or Quantity of Starch, of Foreign or British Manufacture, for

Sale, {hall, on or before the said fifth Day of , July, one thousand (even hundred and eighty, make a true

And particular Entry thereof, at the Office for the said Duties on Starch, within the Limits of which they

shall respectively inhabit, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, and the Starch for which no such

Kntry shall have been made 5 and within fix Days after he, (be, or they shall have made, or ought to have

made, such Entry as aforesaid, {hail pay down the Duties hereby payable for such Starch, or, within the

Laid fix Days, shall give Security to the proper Officers for paying the fame Duties, to his Majesty’s Use,

within three Months then next enfuing5 and in case the said Duties for such Stock of Starch be paid

down within the said fix Days, then there shall be allowed out of the said Duty, for such Prompt Payment,

an Allowance, after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annumy for the said Time of three Months;

and that all and every such Starchmakers who shall rtf use or neg.cdl to make such Payment, or to give

such Security for Payment, of the said Duties upon his, her, or their Stock of Starch, within the l ime

by this Act limited for that Purpose, shall forfeit double the Sum of the said Duty which should have been’

so paid or secured as aforesaid: And that it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper‘Officers for the

fame Duties respectively, to take a true and particular Account of all such Stock, or Quantities of Starch,

as any Starchmaker, or others in Trull for them, shall, on the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven

hundred and eighty, have or be pofllfled of; and for that Purpose shall be permitted, in the Day-time, to

enter into any Woikhouse, Warehouse, Dwelling-house, Ouchouse, or other Places belonging to such

Starchmaker, who are hereby required to permit such Officer and Officers upon Requtrt to makeiuch En-

trance on the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or afterwards at any Time

after the Duty lad mentioned shall be paid or secured, and to take an Account of the Quantity of such

Starch, under the Penalty of twenty Pounds: And if any Maker of Starch, having, on the said fifth Day

of July* one thousand seven hundred and eighty, in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Stock ork

Quantity of Starch chargeable by this A& as aforesaid, shall clanJeftinely remove or carry away, or cause

or suffer to be removed or carried away, the fame, or any Part thereof, before the Duties thereupon shall

be paid or secured as aforesaid, or shall fraudulently hide or conceal any Part of his, her, or their said

Stock of Starch, then, and in every such Cafe, he, she, or they, so offending shall, for every such Of-

fence, forfeie-the Sum of twenty rounds; and in every such Cafe, the Starch so removed or concealed

shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any of the Officers for the said Duties; and the Person

in whose Custody such Stock of Starch shall be found, who shall not, before the Discovery thereof,

give Notice, at the next Office for the said Duties on Starch, of the Stock or Quantity of Starch so in

fci$,iher, or their Custody, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Pound Weight;

which said several Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, and mitigated,

iby such Ways and Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, or miti-

gated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his

Majesty’s Courts of Record at It ejhninster; and one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture,

shall be to the Use of his Majesty, and his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them

who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of

July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and

for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs a^d Successors, for every Barrel of Liquor made within the Kingdom

of Great Britain^ for Sale, by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from foreign Fruit or Sugar, or from-

Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or

called or distinguished by the Name of Made Winesy for which nq Duty hath been already paid, or shall

he paid on or before the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, an additional

Duty, of six Shillings, to be paid by the Makers thereof, and so in Proportion for a greater or leffec

Quantity.

. vl. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Duties

hereby imposed on British made Starch and on Sweets, as aforesaid, shall be raised, levied, collected, and

paid, in the same Manner, and under such Management, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and with such Powers

for recovering the fame, and by such Rules, Ways, and Methods, and with like Drawbacks on British

made Starch exported, as the former Duties on Starch made in Great Britain, and on Sweets reflec-

tively, are now raised, levied, collected, and paid, under the Diregions of any Act or Acts of Parlia-

ment now in Force respecting the said Duties, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if

the several Clauses, Powers, Qfredions, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating thereunto, were par-

ticularly here repeated, and again enacted, in the Body of this present Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, TTiat the said several additional Duties

herein-before granted on Ijritish made Starch, and on Sweets or made Wines, shall be moreover subject

fend liable to an additional Duty or Impolt of five Pounds per Centum on the Produce and Amount thereof j

and that such additional . Duty or Import of five Pounds per Centum shall be raised, levied, collected,

and paid, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, Powers and Authorities, Ways

and Means, Penalties and Forfeitures, as the additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum,

granted to his Majt fty by an Act made in the fast Session of Parliament, ihrituled. An Act for granting to his

Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the r&spective Comr

thijTtontri of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain, are directed to-be collected and paid.

yill. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Imports and

Duties by this Act granted, shall from Time to Time be paid ii\tO thfe Hands of the Receiver-general of

(heCustomsand Excise in England respectively for the Time being; apd such Receivers-general respectively

{hall weekly, to wit, otiWfdnesday in every Week, if it be not an Holiday, and if it be, then on the

V01. XIII. Part IV. 4 G next

and wi hin fix

D.iys alter, topif

the D>itie«, or to

give Security for

p^yirg them int

ihrcf^lonths#

Penalty on Ne-

gket.

Officers to fake

an Account of

Stock io Hand,

and for that Pur-

pole may enter

Warehouses, &c.

in the Day. time.

If any Starch-

maker shall re-

move or conceit

any Part of hit

Stock, before the

Duties are paid

or secured, he

fcall forfeit *ol«

and all such

Starch so remov-

ed or conc-aled.

Penalty-on the

Person in whose

Custody such

Starch iLall be

found.

Penalties and

Forfeitures how

to be rettjvered -

and applied.

After July 5,

1780, an addi-

tional Duty of

6 s. per Barrel t*

be paid by the

Makers of

Sweets for Sale#

New Duties on

British made

Starch and

Sweets to be ‘

levied and re-

covered, Arc, m

the former

Duties;

and to be !iab?e

to the additional

5 p:rCent. grant-

ed by T9 Geo.

111. Cap. 15.

New Duties to

be paid into the

Exchequer

weekly.

_by

