A. D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii ill.

a 44.

239

be paid by Mr.

Ertington.

or at any Time heretofore used by any Person or Persons whomsoever, through the said Fields, Closes, or

Grounds, called The Hermitage Estate, shall cease and be no longer used as such; and that the Soil ahd

Inheritance of the Land and Ground where such Ways, Roads, Paths, and Passages now are, shall fiom

thenceforth be, and be deemed and taken to be. Part and Parcel of the Fields, Closes, and Grounds,

through or along which the fame lie, and for ever thereafter be held and enjoyed as such by the Owners of

the said Fields, Closes, and Grounds; and that the fame shall be estimated, deemed, and taken, as Part

of the Confederation, and towards making a Satisfaction and Recompence for the Ground to be taken from

the Hermitage Estate, to be laid in and made a Part of the intended new Road, to lead from the North End

of the said Bridge (when built) to the Alemouth Road: Provided always. That nothing herein contained

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or prejudice any Road or Roads, or Right of Passage,

now ufcJ, through, over, or along any Lands or Grounds lying weft ward from the Mill called The Her-

mitage Mill.

XliL Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That nothing herein contained shall be Provifa.

construed to extend to take aWay any Road now used and enjoyed through the Hermitage Estate, on the

North Side of the Road intended to be made from the North End of the said Bridge to the Alemouth

Road. '

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Costs, Charges, and Expences, All Expences of

of building and finishing the said Bridge, and also the Arch across the Mill Leet aforesaid, and also of buildi_ns» *c-

making and completing the said Road or Highway, to lead from the North End of the said Bridge (when

built) into the present Alemouth Road, and to join the fame, and all other necessary and incidental Expences

attending the fame, respectively, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the said Henry Errington, his Heirs,

Executors, or Administrators, pursuant to the said recited Articles of Agreement.

4 XV. And whereas the Treasurer for the said County of Northumberland, by the Order and Direction

f of the Justices of the said County of Northumberland, hath already, by and out of the Money arising from

4 the CountyRates, advanced and paid several considerable Sums of Money towards defraying the Costs and

4 Charges, Damages and Expences of building a Bridge or Bridges across the River Tyne9 at or near Hexham

4 aforesaid, and for other Purposes relative thereto ;• be it therefore further enacted by the Authority afore-

said, That the said Justices, and the said Treasurer, shall from henceforth, for ever, be and remain indem-

nified of, from, and against, all such Sum and Sums of Money which they have so expended, laid out, and

disbursed, for the Purposes aforesaid, by and out of the Money arising from the said County Rate, and also

of, from, and against, all Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, which they or any of them may have

sustained for or by Reason or Means thereof respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the Justices of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, for the Time being, at their General Quarter

Sessions of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, from Time to Time, to order and direct the Payment

of any Sum or Sums of Money that shall be received and collected by and from the said County Rates and

Assessments, and in the Hands of the Treasurer-of the County for the Time being, that shall be necessary

and requisite for defraying the Expences of building the said Bridge, and making the said Road or Avenue,

pursuant to the said recited Articles of Agreement; and for procuring, making, and maintaining the said

Road, from the North End of the said Bridge Ea ft ward, to the Roads and Lanes leading from the said River

towards the North and East; and also for making and maintaining the said Road over the said Waste called

The Mill-island; and for erecting the said Arch across the said Mill Leet, and for other the Purposes of this

Act mentioned ; and also of obtaining and passing this Act.

4 XVII. And whereas the Justices of the Peace for the said Chunty of Northumberland have, at a confi-

* derable Expence, prepared and provided a great Quantity of Timber, Stone, Iron, and other Materials,

c for the Purpose of building a Bridge a little higher up the said River Tyne9 as in the said recited Articles

4 of Agreement is mentioned,’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and

may be lawful to and for the said Henry Errington9 his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Deputies,

Workmen, Agents, or Servants, from Time to Time, and at all Times, at his and their free Wills and

Pleasures, with Horses, Carts, Teams, Waggons, and other Carriages, to have, use, take, and carry

away, all such Timber, Stone, Iron, and other Materials so prepared for the Purposes aforesaid, without

paying or making any Payment or Satisfaction to the said Justices for the fame, pursuant to the said recited

Articles of Agreement of the second Day of June9 one thousand (even hundred and seventy seven, exclusive

of and in Addition to any Sum or Sums of Money in and by the said Articles of Agreement covenanted and

agreed to be paid by the said Justices to him the said Henry Errington.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bridge across the River

Tyne9 and also the said Arch across the said Mill I^eet, when so respectively fini(bed and completed, shall

respectively be deemed County Bridges, and (from and after the Term of seven Years mentioned in the said

recited Articles of Agreement) shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever thereafter, be re-

paired, or maintained and, kept in Repair, as County Bridges.

XIX. And be it hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid. That when and so soon

as the said Road, so to be made from the North End of the said Bridge (when built) to the Alemouth Road,

the said Road so to be made from the said North End of the said Bridge Kaftward, and the said Road over

the said Mill~ijland9 respectively, shall be completed, the fame shall respectively from thenceforth for ever

thereafter be public Roads, for the Passage of all Persons, on Foot or on Horseback, and for all Horses,

Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, whatsoever: And that, from and after the Expiration of the Term of seven

Years, mentioned in the said recited Articles of Agreement herein before recited, the said Road, so to be

made from the North End of the said'Bridge (when built) to the Alemouth Road, shall, from l ime to

Time, and at all Times for ever thereafter, be deemed and considered as Part of the Alemouth Turnpike

Road, and shall be continually repaired, amended, and kept in Repair as such, as fully and effectually, to

I i 2 all

Justices and

Treasurer of

the Cooooty in*

demnified for

Money already

expended on

account of the

Bridge}

and the Justices

to order further

Expences to be

psid.

Justices haring

provided Mate-

rials with Intent

to build the

Bridge,

Mr Errington

to have them

gratis, pursuant

to the Agree-

ment June ip

1777*

The Bridges

when ft ished

to be dcen.cd

County Bridgesj

and *he Roads

deemed public

Roads.

The North

Road to be cotl-

hdtrieJ as Hart-

of the Alemouth

Turnpike Road,

