The TITLES of the STATUTES. '

George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads

hading from the City of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham

and Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester,

lo}. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Chippenham-bridge^ in the County of IVilts, to the Top

, of Togg-biIl> in the County of Gloucester; and from the

Stone Pillar to the 'fop of Old Sodbury Hilly in the said

County of Gloucester.

104. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act

for repairing and widening the Roads from Ddnnington

High-bridge to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Mile floncy

in the Parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry, tn the

j County of Lincoln.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty, repairing the Road from Leeds to Shes-

field, in the County of York, so far as the fame relates to

the Road from IVakefield to Sheffield; and also one other

Ad>, made in thefiift Year of the Reign of his present

. Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual the

said Act.

106% An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several

Acts, paired in the fourth Year of King George the

First, and the ninth and thirtieth Years of King George

the Second, for repairing the Highways from Crown

Corner, in the Town of Reading, leading by and through

the several Parishes of Shinfield and Heckfield, in the

several Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to

Basingstoke, in the said County of Southampton.

107. An Act to enlarge the Terra and Powers of an Act,

. nailed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road

lea ding from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford,

Thropple, Long-witton, and by the North Side a/'Roth-

ley Park Wall, to Sting Cross, and to the High Cross in

Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland.

108. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, made

in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his lare Ma-

jesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of

Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall,

aver Skelton and Castle Sowerby Pastures, and Sebra-

ham-bridge, to Chalk Beck, in the said County; and also

the Road which Branches and separatesfrom the fame Roady

uton Castle Sowerby Failure oforejaidy and leads from

thence through Hefker, otherwise Hdket newmarket, to

Caldbeck, in the feud County.

An Act to empower the Trustees for amending the

Road from Uttoxeter to Newcq/iie-under-lyme9 in the

County of Stafford, to repair and widen the Road

btanching out of toe said Road at Lower-lane, to the

Turnpike Romi] on Hem-heatby in the same County.

*10. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Act, pdflrd in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his

JMaj' fty King George the Second, for repairing and widen-

~vg the Road from the North End of D^pdon-wharf, in

the Parish of Stoke, next Giildeford, through Guldeford

to And ew’s Crof, and to Alford-bars, in the County of

Surrey and from thence to Saint Mary’s Gate, in Arun-

del, in the County of Sufi ex.

J. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in

tw#*iiiy-ninth Year of his late M jeflv, intituled. An

Aci for amendivgy re pah ingy and widening, the Reads

leading from the U ye-w f9 in the Parish of Yarpole, in

the County of Hereford, to Prest. igne, in the County of

Radnor, an / f cm then.e to "Leim wardine; and from

Pr. it g ie of 3* cf aid, to the Top of Trap-hill; and from

tie R>e-Wdy of or ej aid. by the Maidenhead, to Woofer-

in the County of Salop; and for amending, widen-

ing, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads*

branching out of the Roads comprised in the said Act.

11 a. An Act for more effectually amending, widening,

and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the

Town of Northampton to Chainr-bridge, near the Towtv

of Market Harboroughy and from the Direction-post in

Kingjlhorpey in the County of Northampton to Welford-

bridgey in the said County; and for repealing fevrrat

Acts, made in the eighth Year of King George the First,

and the twelfth and twenty-third Years of his late Ma-

jesty, relating to the said Roads.

113. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and

enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-

sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled, An Act for repairmgy amending,

and widening the-Road from Keighley, in the IVeJl Riding

of the County of York, to Kirkby m Kendal, in the County

of Westmorland. ,

114. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Tethury, in the County of Gloucester, to and through

Malrnesbury, to Chippenham* bridge y in the County of

Wilts \ and from Malmesbury to the Turnpike Road at

or near Jackament's Bottom, in the said County of Glou-

cester 5 and also the Road from Farrittgdon to Crickiadey

from thence to Malmesbury, and to the Turnpike Road-

at Alton Turville\ and also from Sherstone to the Turn-

pike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath

115. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the-twenty-

fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George-

the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading

from a Part of the Road (directed to be repaired by an Act

Pajfed in the last Session of Parliament^ from Carlisle to

Newcastle upon Tyne) near Glenwhelt, to another Part

of the Road (so making from Carlisle to Newcastle) upon

Shildon Common, in- the County of Northumberland ;

and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair

of the said Road.

116. An Act for altering, repairing, and widening, tha

Road from Summer Rods Bar, near the Town of Hex*-

hamy in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of

Alston, in the County of Cumberland.

PRIVATE ACTS!

Anno 18 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to enable the Right Honourable Robertt

JLjL Craggs Earl Nugent* and the Right Honourable

Charles Townfhendy to take in Great Britain the Oath of

Office, as Vice Treasurer, and1 Receiver. General* and

Paymaster General of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the:

Kingdom of Ireland >■ and to qualify themselves for the

Enjoyment of the said Offices.

2. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in the Name of one of'

the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution an

Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for dividing:

and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Mea-

dows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within

the Townships of Cantfey, Brampton, BeJfacarr, and

High Ellars, within the several Manors of Brampton

and BeJfacarr, in the Parish of Cantley, in the Weft

Riding of the County of York.

3. An Act for naturalizing Francis Popham.

4- An Act for naturalizing John Meyer and Christopher

Henry Martens.

5. An Act for vesting certain MefTuagess Lands, and He-

reditaments, in the County of Kent (Pa.t of the t Hates

devised and settled by the Will ol John Thoyts, defeated),

in Trustees, to be sold, and conveyed to Sir Sa?pjon

GV^/i Baronet* and his Hens* and for laying out me

Monies

