3+

Treble Cedi.

Public A&.

Preamble.

Act 7 Geo.III.

recited j

and further con-

tinued till June

1, 1798.

Preamble.

His Majesty

empowered to

grant Letter*

Patent for efta-

blishing a The-

atre at C heller.

Pmxfrhle.

C. 13, 14,15. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

appear so to be done, or that such Action or Suit {hall be brought or commenced after the Time before li-

mfeed, or {hall be laid in any other County or Place than a5 aforesaid, that then the Jury {hall find for the

Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's {hall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or

their Action or Suit, or if a Verdict {hall pass against the Plaintiffor Plaintiff's, or, upon Demurrer, Judge-*

ment {hall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants {hall recover Treble

Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of

Suit in other Cafes by Law.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That this Act {hall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and

{hall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without

specially pleading the same.

c a p. xnr.

An Act for continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals fold

by Wharf-measure, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between

\Tower-dock and Umehouse-bole, in the County of Middlesex.

4 TI7HERE A S an Act of Parliament was made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Ma*»

YV jesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds^and Abuses in the Admeasurement

4 of Coals sold by Wharf- measure, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof and between Tower-

4 dock and Limehouse-hole, in the County of Middlesex; which said Act hath Continence from and after

the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, for the Term of fourteen Years, and-

4 from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the said Act hath beeia

4 found useful and beneficial, and is near expiring May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That the said Act {hall be and is hereby further continued, from the Expiration

thereof, until the first Day of June> one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to enable his Majesty to licence a Theatre in the City of Chester.

4 \X7 HEREAS a licenced Theatre or Playhouse is desired in the City of Chester May it therefore

please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent,

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act of Parlia^

ment, made in the tenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend so much,

of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, 44 An Act for reducing the Laws

44 relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into one Act of Parliament; and for

4C the more effectual puniOiing such Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending

44 them whither they ought to be sent,” at relates to common Players of Interludes \ whereby all Persons arc

discharged to represent any Entertainment of the Stage whatever, in virtue of Letters Patent from his Ma-

jesty, or by Licence of the Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty’s Household for the Time being, except within

the Liberties of JVefiminster, or where his Majesty is redding for the Time being; be. and the fame is

hereby repealed, with respect to the said City of Chester\ and that it {hall and may be lawful for his Ma-

jesty, his Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for establiftfing a Theatre or Playhouse within the

said City of Chester, which {hall be intitled to all the Privileges, and subjected to all the Regulations, to

which any Theatre or Playhouse in Great Britain is intitled and subjected.

CAP. XV.

An Act. for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halt*

fax, Bradford, Kigbley, Bingley, Guifeley, Calverley, Batley, Birfteil, Mirfielf HartiJheaA

cum Clifton, A\mondbury, Kirkbealon, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or

Liberty of/Tong* in the Weft Riding of the County of York\ and for extending th<?

Jurisdiction of the Courts Baron of the Honour of PentefraQ, Manor of Wakefield, and

Manor of Bingley, in the said County.

i HEREAS the King*s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Duchy of LancaJIer, is seised to

him, his Heirs and Successors, of and in the Honour of Pontfraft, in the County of York; and

the most Noble Thomas Duke of Leeds is seised of and in the Manor of Wakefield, in the said County of

4 York \ and the Right Honourable Sir John Goodricke Baronet i3 seised for Life, with Remainders toother

4 Persons, under the Will of the late Lord Bingley, of and in the Manor of Bingley in the same County

4 And whereas, within the Courts Baron of the said Honour and Manor respectively, Plea hath been

4 immemorial iy held every three Weeks, or lb often as was require, in all personal Act ions arising within

4 the

