374 C. 53-

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

oaalify thtm-

lelvet.

Notice of the

Day of Meeting

to be lent to the

War-office, &c.

Commissioners

to appoint the

Times and

Places of their

Succeeding Meet-

ings, and iffoe

Precepts for

that Purpose to

the High Con-

ftablcs, Scc.

end to give No-

tice thereof to

Admiralty upon the issuing of the Precepts by the Sheriff), to qualify themselves for the Execution of this

Act; and the said Commissioners shall then and there appoint the several Times and Places for the fuc-

ceeding Meetings in each of their lefpeflive Subdivisions during the Continuance of this A£fc; and the said

Justices of the reace, and Commissioners of the Land Tax, at such their first Meeting, or at some other

I* MA (Vk M /L A 1 1 t (Tl« A D* Am. aL a Uf!jk.L f «./!« Ll Am

Voluntarily in

Hffi g him ft If,

ihtitled to 3 I.

Bounty mousy.

Volontaer* to he

delivered over to

the Military

Officers 1 and an

Entry to be

made of their

Names, Places

of Abode, Scc.

Duplicates of

Entries to be

5

Meeting to be held as soon as it can be conveniently, shall issue their Precepts to the High Constables,

Headboronghs, or other proper Officers, for the respective Hundreds, Lathes, Rapes, Wapentakes, or

other Subdivisions, within the said Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, or Divisions, as aforesaid j

which Precept shall contain an Account of the Times and Places appointed for the succceding Meetings,

and shall be returnable on a Day, therein to be named, within twenty Days, and not iefs than fourteen

Days, from the Time of issuing thereof; and such High Constables, Headboroughs, or other proper Offi-

cers, are hereby required forthwith to (ignjfy the Times and Places appointed for such Meetings to the

several Comminioners residing within their respective Distrids; and the said Commissioners, assembled At

such first Meeting to qualify themselves as aforesaid, shall also give Notice of the Time and Place of all and

every fuccteding Meeting, to be appointed as aforesaid, to the Military Officer whom they shall have

learned, by Notice from the Secretary at War, to be directed to attend this Service.

such Military Officers a» shall attend this Service.

u1? IV* Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all reasonable Charges or Expences incurred by

inrar^d y Sheriff or Deputy Sheriff in the Execution of this AQ, shall be allowed in the Accounts of such She-

?n°theEiecution riff at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

of this Act. ‘ V. And, for the Encouragement of fit and ablePersons voluntarily to enter into his Majesty’s Service,*

XitTyPctfo* be it enacted, That every such Person who shall, on or before the first Day of May, one thousand (even

hundred and seventy-nine, voluntarily enter himself into his Majesty’s Service, before the said Commission-

ers, at their first or any subsequent Meeting, shall, by Warrant of any three or more of the said Commis-

(ioners, receive the Sum of three Pounds out of the Money of the Land Tax, arisen or to arise in the

Years one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight,

or either of them, then being in the Hands of any Receiver-general, or of any Collector thereof, within

the County or Place for which the said Commissioners are appointed; and thereupon the Commissioners

then present, or any three of them, shall forthwith cause such Volunteers to be delivered to the Officers

appointed to receive them \ and shall cause an Entry to be made, in some Book to be kept by the said Com-

missioners, or such Clerk as they shall appoint, of the Names of such Volunteers, and of the Parishes or

Places of their last Abode (if they can be known), and of the Time and Place when and where they did

so enter themselves, and of the Sums paid to them, and by whom such Payments were made, and*of the

Names of the Officers or Persons who received such Volunteers, and for what Regiment or Company they

were received j and shall cause true Copies or Duplicates of such Entries, attested by three or more of the

said Commissioners then present, within forty Days after the Delivery of such Volunteers, to be transmit-

ted into the Office of his Majesty’s Secretary at War for the Time being* to be compared with the Muster-

rolls.

VI. And it is hereby declared, That the Pay of every such Volunteer shall commence from the Time

that he shall so enter himself into his Majesty’s Service; and that every such Volunteer, after he shall have

continued in the Military Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during the Space of three Years,

shall be at Liberty (if he think fit) to demand his Discharge from the Colonel or Commanding Officer of

the Regiment or Compmy to which he shall belong (unless the Nation shall be then engaged in a War,

and in that Cafe such Volunteer shall remain in Service during the Continuance of War J; and such Dif-

charge shall be granted to him gratis, in Writing, under the Hand of such Colonel or Commanding Offi-

cer, who is hereby empowered and required to give the fame accordingly, on Pain of suffering the Penal-

ties usually infii&ed for Disobedience to Orders \ any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-

standing.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Warrants by this A& directed to be issued by the said

Commissioners for the Encouragement of Volunteers as aforesaid, shall be satisfied by such Receivers or

Collectors as aforesaid, to whom such Warrants shall bedirected, without any Abatement for Fees, Gra-

tuities, Charges, Poundage, or.any other Pretence whatsoever, and shall be allowed upon their Accounts|

any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Receivers-general, and their respective

Deputies, and the said Collectors of the Land Tax Money, or any of them, upon the Summons of the said

Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall attend at the said Meetings for receiving Volunteers as

aforesaid, and duly pay to the said Volunteers the Rewards prescribed by this A&, as they will answer at

their Peril any Delay or Obstruction to his Majesty’s Service which may happen by their Defaults.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer,

or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to cause forty Shillings of every three Pounds of the

Money which shall be supplied out of the Land Tax Money for the Years one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-seven, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or either of them, for Payment of the

Encouragements aforesaid, to he repaid into his Majesty’s Exchequer, by the respective Paymastera of his

Majesty’s Forces, out of such Money as they shall receive for the said Forces, to make good the respective

Credits on the said Land Taxes, and to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Principal artd Interest (if any),

as (Kail be remaining thereupon.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any

three or more of them, in their respective Places or Stations, shall be, and are hereby authorised and em-

powered to raise and levy, and to cause to be raised and levied, at any Time or Times during the Continu-

ance of this AO, within their several Limits and Jurisdictions, all able-bodied idle and disorderly Persons,

who cannot, upon Examination, prove themselves to exercise and industrioqfly follow some lawful Trade

or Employment, or to have some Substance sufficient for their Support and Maintenance, to serve his Ma-

jesty

in faulted to

War-offict.

Volunteer* to

receive Pay from

th* Time of

their entering 5

and to be dif-

charged at the

End of three

Yean, or of the

War, if they

If mand It.

Warrant* for

Bounty-money

to be paid

without any

Deduction.

Reeet veri-ge-

neral and Col-

lectors, to attend

Meeting! of

Com miftio nett,

and pay the

Bounty.

Forty Shilling*

of every 3 I. paid

out of the Land

Tat, to be re-

paid into, the

Enchequar by

the Paymastera

of the Forces,

Commissioners

empowered to

levy such Mca

at are herein

dafcribad j

