A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii ML C. 22. 347

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall presume Penalty on for-

to forge or counterfeit, or to cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly a ft or assist *ing ,or aher,rts

in the foxing or counterfeiting of any Receiptor Receipts for, or any Share or Shares, Chance or Chances t«ringPthe0fame*

of, any Ticket or Tickets, signed, divided, made, and delivered out, by virtue of this Act, or alter any with a fraudu-

Number, Figure, Word, or Stamp, therein or thereon, or utter, vend, barter, or dispose of, any such lent intention,

forged, counterfeited, or altered Receipt or Receipts for any Share or Shares, Chance or Chances, of any

Ticket or Tickets j or shall bring any such forged or counterfeit Receipt or Receipts, or any Share or

Shares, Chance or Chances, the Stamp whereof, or any Figure or Word therein, shall have been altered

(knowing the fame to be such), to any Person or Persons wnomsoever with a fraudulent Intention, or shall

willingly aid, abet, assist, hire, or command, any Person or Persons to commit any such Offence as afore-

said 5 then, and in every such Cafe, all and every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof

eonvifted in due Form of Law, shall forfeit and incur the fame Penalty, to be recovered in the fame

Manner, and suffer the fame Punishment, as is herein-before inflicted and declared in respect to the for-

ging or counterfeiting of a Licence, in this Act before mentioned.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be

sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or

Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this A cl, and the special Matter in Evidence, in General Iffuev

his, hrr, or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defend-

ants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or benonfuited,

or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, 0£ otherwise; then such Defend-

ant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such Plaintiff* or TrtbleCofls;

Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement for thfc Im-

portation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America, to, the landing of Rum

or Spirits of the British SugarPlaMations before Payment of the Duties of Excite; to

the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and

Grease; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in

America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other

Articles, to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in Americas and to the allowing a Drawback of

the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships oa

their Voyages.

c Ilf HEREAS the Laws herein-after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and bene- Preamble* /

4 W ficial, and are near expiring,’ may it therefore please your Majesty that it mav be enabled y

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

thority of the fame. That so much of an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of King George thre Such Part of a®

First, intituled, An All for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Geo. t.

Purposes therein mentioned\ as relates to the Importation of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods com- [°e im°or*atio*-

monly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of his Majesty’s British Plantations or otVia^Storw*

Colonies in America, free from all Customs and Impositions whatsoever, which was to be in Force for &c. as relates to-

twenty-one Years from the twenty-fourth Day of Juneone thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; Timber and

and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the sixteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-first Years of the Lumber*

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the fourth and twelfth Years of his present Ma-

jesty V Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hun-

dred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and further contr-v

the fame is hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, ucd riIiSn.%

one thousand seven hundred and eighty*five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par- *?» J7&5>

liament.

II. Provided ncvrrtheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid; That a due The above-

Entry of such Goods flnll be first made in the Custom-house belonging to the Port where the f.imeftial! be mentioned

imported, in the same Manner and Form, expressing the Quantities and Qualities of the respective Good*, cn~

as was used and practised before the making of the said recited Aft1; and the said Goods shall be landed in Cu*cn^-hou^

the Presence of the proper Officer appointed for that Purpose, otherwise such Goods shall be liable to the at ticiw

Payment of the like Duties as would be due and payable for the fame, at the Times of the Importation Lr.por:auou,^

thereof,* if the said recited Act had not been made; and it shall and may be lawful for anyOfficer of the

Customs to stop such Goods, and secure the fame in his Majesty’s Warehouse till such Duties arc accord-

ingly paid; and if the fame shall not be paid within six Months after the said Goods arc brought to fich

'Warehouse, they shall and may be fold, and the Produce thereof applied in the fame*Manner as other

Goods, which arc brought to his Majesty’s Stoiehouses for Security of the Duties, may, by tht1 Laws

now in Force, be fold and tdisposed of, any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other A eft, to the con- ‘

trary notwithstanding. ’ 1

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the fifteenth partcfan AC*

sixteenth Ye-ajs of the Reign of his late M Jelly King George the Secortd, intituled, An Act to imp Aver the Jr :b G*o. ig.

Importers or Prcpriet.es of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations^ to land t hr fame I' f.VC I'iTj 7iHKt Of relaUiifc W lUfc

