262

Powers irv~£ri-

foners of leafing

Lands, dec.

verted in Af«

Cgnsei.

The a£Ung

Gaoler, at the

Time of deli-,

vering the

nly liable to

he fworo.

Court, onRe-

quisition of a.

Creditor, to

administer an

Oath to the

Gaoler.

The Oath*

ft such Person

dull not have

been Gaoler on

J.an.a8, 1778,

then he shall

take the f«l»

tewing

Oath*

tVxJrt, at the

He jueft of a

Cieditor, may

fumrron tr e

Person who

afled as Gaoler

on Jin. 2a,

1778, or since,

and examine

him, on Oath,

Ac,

Sheriff*or

Gaoler, difo-

beying Order of

Court, to for-

feit 100). with

Treble Cotta*

C. 52, Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1778.

4 their natural Lives, with Power of granting Leases, and taking Fines, reserving small Rents on such.

4 Estates, for one, two, or three Lives, in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number of Years deter-

4 minable upon Lives, which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Pri-

4 foners / be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Cafe, all and every the

Powers of leafing such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are or all be veiled in any such

Prisoner or Prisoners, as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby veiled in the Assignee or Assignees of the real

and personal Estate of such Prisoner, by virtue of this Act, to be by such Assignee or Ailignees executed

for the Benefit of all and every the Creditor^ of such Prisoners as aforesaid.

4 XXIV. And whereas, in some Gaols or Prisons in this Kingdom, the Office of Gaoler or Keeper is

4 held in Fee for Life, or otherwise, by Persons who never act as Gaolers or Keepers themselves, or know

c any Thing of the Prisoners therein, but depute or employ some Person or Persons under them as Gaolers

4 or Keepers of such Gaols or Prisons be it therefore enabled, That, in every such Cafe, the Person who

shall have been actually employed and acted as deputed Gaoler or Keeper of any such Gaol or Prison, at

the Time of the delivering in the Lids, hereby directed to be delivered in, of Prisoners in any such Gaol

or Prison, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, and not the prin-

cipal Gaoler or Keeper (unless where such principal Gaoler or Keeper shall act as Gaoler or Keeper him-

self), shall take the Oath herein-before appointed to be ta^en by the Gaoler or Keeper of every such Gaol

or Prison.

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That the Justices, at any General Quarter Session

of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to which any Prisoner shall be brought in pursuance of this Act*

shall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall oppose his or

fcer Discharge, administer and give to the Gaoler, or the Person who acts as Gaoler or Keeper of any such

Prison, at the Time of bringing up any such Prisoner, in order to be discharged under this Act, an Oath to

the following Effect; (that is to say)

4 T A. B, do swear, That was really and truly a Prisoner in my Custody, in the Prison*

4 A of to the beil of my Knowledge and Belief, at or upon the twenty-eighth Day of

4 January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight; and that the Copy or Copies of the Cause or

4 causes of his [or her] Commitment or Detainer, now by me brought with the Body of the said

and produced to this Court, is or are a true Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes of such'

4 Detainer or Commitment, without any Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Person whatsoever, to the

4 belt of my Knowledge and Belief.

- 4 So help me GOD.*

And if any Person who was Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison,

on the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or since, shall

not happen to be the Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, at the

Time any such Lift as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the Justices, at any such St flion,

or at any Adjournment thereof, mav and are hereby required to administer and give to the respective Person

or Persons, who shall be Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, and

deliver in any such Lift as aforesaid, at any such General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof,

an Oath, touching the Commitments, or Books of Commitment, of any such Prison, to the Eltld fol-

lowing; (that is to say)

4 T A. B. do swear, That I have examined the Commitments, or Books kept of or concerning the Com-

A mitment, of Prisoners to the Prison of in the [County, Riding, Division, City,

4 Town, Place, or Liberty of as the Cafe/hall beJ; and that I 00 verily believe that

the said Commitments, or Books of Commitment, are really true, and not fidicious, nor calculated for

4 this Purpose; and by them it doth appear that , was, on the twenty-eighth

4 Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, really and truly a Prisoner in the actual

4 Custody of the then Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of the

4 said Prison, without Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Person or Persons, to my Knowledge and.

4 Belief.

4 So help me GOD.*

4 XXVI. And, in order to discover any fraudulent Entries or Commitments of Prisoners in any Gaol

4 Bocks/ be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices, at any General or Quarter

Svffion of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorised, at the Request of any Creditor

or Creditors of any Prisoner, to convene before them, at some certain Time to be appointed by them, any

Person or Persons who was or were Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Gaol or Pri-

son within their rtfpedrive Jurisdiction*., on the said twenty-eighth Day of January, one thousand seven

hundred and seventy-eight, or at any Time since; and to examine every such Gaoler or Keeper, or de-

puted Gaoler or Keeper, on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Custody of any such

Prftcner, as the Justices, at any such General or Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, shall think nt:

And if any Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall neglect or refuse to bring be-

fore such Justices. at any Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, any Prisoner as shall be directed

and required by Warrant of any Jaftice or Justices as aforesaid, or to attend on being summoned for that

Pur pole; or if any Gaoler or Keeper attending, (lull refuse to make Answer and Discovery in the Premises,

as (lull be leafonably required at such General or Quarter Sefilon, or any Adjournment thereof* he* £he, or

' they,

