TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of

George III.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 19 Georgii III.

1. Ik N Act for further continuing an Act made in

the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his pre-

JL sent Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower his

Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with* or fuf

pefted of the Crime of High Treasony committed in any of

his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on toe

High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

nine.

3. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty

certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for

the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-nine.

4. An Act for granting further Time for allowing the

Drawback upon the Exportation of certain Muslins,

Callicoes, and Coffee.

5. An Act for granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes,

with respect to bringing and landing certain French

Prizes in this Kingdom.

6. An Act to authorise the Lord High Admiral, or the

Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High

Admiral, for the Time being, to order any Court-mar-

tial, which may be appointed on the Charge of Vice

Admiral Sir Hugh Palliser against the Honourable Ad-

miral Auguftui Keppel, to be hriden on Shore.

7. An Act for making the Church or Chapel erected by

Charles Roe Esquire, in the Town of Macclesfield^ in the

County Palatine of Chester, a perpetual Cure and Be-

nefice, and for endowing the fame, and vesting the Right

of Nomination or Presentation thereof in* the said Charles

Roey his Heirs and Assigns; and for other Purposes.

8. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore.

9. An Act for allowing the Importation of fine organ-

zined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels for a

limited Time.

10. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the last Session

of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more easy and

better recruiting of his Majesty s Land Forces and Marines 5

and for substituting other and more effectual Provisions

in the Place thereof.

11. An Act for rendering more beneficial an Act, made in

the thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the

Second, intituled, An Act for establishing Agreements,

made between Charles Brandling tfquirey and other Per~

fonsy Proprietors of Lands y for laying down a Waggon

JVay% in order for the betterSupplying the Town and Neigh-

bourhood of Leeds, in the County of YoxV.y with Coalsy by

enabling the said Charles Brandling to supply, annually,

a larger Quantity of Coals to and for the Ule of the Lid

Town and Neighbourhood; and for regulating the Prices

of carrying Coals from the Repository at Caffon-close.

12. An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the

County of Linlithgow and Bathgate.

13. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor, within the several Hundreds of Hartfmerey Hoxne,

and Thredlingy in the County of Suffolk.

14. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen

to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on board

Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vefi'els.

15. An Act to continue an Act, made in the fourteenth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled. An

Act for regulating Madhoujes)y fora further Time therein

limited.

16. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

17. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the

twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending,

explaining, and reducing into one Act cf Parliament, the

Laws relating to the Government of his Majestys Ships,

Vessels, and forces by Sea.

e 2

18. An

