446

‘Heu'e?, where

Part let out to

Lagers, to be

paid fit by prist*

cipal Occupier.

Hou'iei, 8rc, let

without Rent re-

served on account

of Fine, or at

less than real Va-

lor, on account

ot Covenant for

Improvement, to

be RirVflfetl at the

real Value.

Rent reserved

without Fine,

&c. to be con-

cl jfive Evidence

of the Value of

the Premise?.

Pruvision agataft

Vraud or Col-

lolion between

Landlords and

Tenants.

Persons aggrieved

by the Ratrs m.iy

appeal to the Juf-

tices in

within one

Month after

Publication.

Witnesses to be

examined on

Oath.

No Abatement to

be made in, or

Addition to, the

jRate, onlefs it

Shall appear upon

.Oath that the

Party is over-

rated or under*

rated.

Three Days No-

tice of Appeal to

be given by Ap-

pellant.

How Witntllci

to be compelled

to attend.

C.'6o. Anno decirtio nonb Georgii III. A.D. 1779.

ing the fame, to be ascertained by fqch Justice or Justices, not exceeding the Sum of twenty Shillings, by

Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Person or Persons so in Arrear, and refuting or

neglecting to pay as aforesaid, wherever such Goods and Chattels can be found, not only in the said Parish

of Saint Michael, but in any other Parish or Place within the City or County of the City of Coventry, ren-

dering the Overplus (if any be) to the Party or Parties fpdistrained, or leaving the fame, for his, her, or

their use, at the Place where such Distress shall be made.

4 XIX. And whereas many Persons, Occupiers of Houses within the said Parish of Saint Michael, do

‘ or may let out Part or Parts thereof to divers Persons as Lodgers or Inmates only, of whom it might be

‘ difficult to recover the Rates or Afl'eflments laid thereupon ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Au-

thority aforesaid, That in such case it shall be lawful for the Assessors to be appointed for the Purpose9

of this Act, and they are hereby required to rate and assess the principal Occupier and Occupiers, whether

Owners, or Tenants under the Owners of such Houses respectively, of which such Part or Parts shall be

so let out to Lodgers or Inmates for the Whole of such House and Houses; which Rate or Assessment shall

be paid by and recovered of such principal Occupier and Occupiers respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any House, Garden, or Build-

ing, by whatsoever Name or Description the fame may be known, within the said Parish of Saint Mi-

chael (except as herein-before excepted), shall be let on Lease without any Rent reserved thereby, on ac-

count of Fore-gift or Fine having been paid for the fame; or at a less Rent than the real annual Value

thereof, on account of any Covenant therein contained for Improvement of the fame; then, and in every

such Cafe, every such Dwelling-house, Garden, and Building as aforesaid, shall for the Purposes of this

Ad be act'efled according to the real annual Rent that the fame shall at the Time of making such AflefP-

ment appear to the Assessors to be worth to let; and they are hereby authorised and required to assess the

fame accordingly.

XXL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when a Rent is, bona fide, reserved

upon any Lease of a House, Garden, or Building, without any Fine or Fore-gift paid for the fame, or any

Covenant therein contained for Improvement of the Premises, such Rent shall, and the fame is hereby de-

clared to be conclusive Evidence of the annual Value of such Premises.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby also enabled, That, in order to prevent any Fraud or Collufiort

between Landlords and Tehants, no House, Garden, or Building which, on the hrft Day of January,

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, was let at the yearly Rent of ten Pounds or upwards, shall

thereafter be rated or act'efled at less than that Sum, unless the yearly Rent thereof shall be, bona fide, re-

duced to nine Pounds or under; and that no House, Garden, or Building, which at the Time aforesaid

was let at the yearly Rent of six Pounds or upwards, -shall thereafter be rated or act'efled at less than that

Sum, unless the yearly Rent thereof shall be, bona fidey reduced to five Pounds or under.

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said

Vicar for the Time being, or any Person or Persons rated or liable to be rated or act'efled by virtue of this

-Ad, shall apprehend him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assess'ment made in pursuance

thereof, it shall and may be lawful for such Vicar or other Person and Persons to appeal from such Rate or

Assess'ment to the Justices of the Peace at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for the

said City of Coventry, or at any Adjournment thereof, within one Month next after Publication of such

Rate or Assess'ment shall have been made in Manner aforesaid ; and the said Justices, other than and ex-

cept such Justices as may be interested in the Premises, shall, and they are hereby impowered and required,

at such General Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to hear and determine theCaufes

and Matter of every such Appeal in a summary Way, by the Examination of Witnesses, upon Oath or

Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation they are hereby impowered and required to administer and

take), and to alter and amend such Rate; or Assessment in the Articles complained of according to the

Justice of the Cafe, and to award to the Party or Parties for whom any such Appeal shall be determined,

such Costs as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, not exceeding the Sum of five Shillings;

which Costs and Sum, inserted in the said Rate by the said Justices upon an Appeal, shall be recovered in like

Manner and by the Means herein-before appointed for the Recovery of the Rates and Afl'eflments hereby

-directed to be made.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices shall

not, upon the hearing of any Appeal, make any Abatement or Defalcation in, or Addition to, the Charge

made upon any Person by such Rate or Assess'ment as aforesaid, but the fame shall (land good and remain

Part of the annual Assess'ment, unless it shall then appear to the said Justices, by Examination of the

Circumstances of the Cafe upon Oath, that such Person is over-rated or under-rated in and by such Rate

or Assess'ment, in which Cafe the said Justices are hereby authorised and impowered upon every .such Ap-

peal to abate and diminish, or to add and to raise, any such Rate or Assess'ment to be made as aforesaid,

agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of this AS. ,

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Occupier or

Occupiers, rated or act'efled by virtue of this Act, shall appeal from any such Rate or Assess'ment in Man-

ner aforesaid, he, she, or they shall give, or cause to be given, three Days Notice at the least of his, her,

or their Intention of appealing, and of the Matter and Cause thereof, to the Vicar of the said Parish for

the Time being ; and that if the Vicar for the Time being shall appeal from any such Rate or Assess'ment

in Manner aforesaid, he shall give or cause to be given the like Notice in Writing of such his Intention,

and of the Matter and Cause thereof, to the Occupier or Occupiers of the Premises in respect of which

he shall so appeal against the said Rate or Assess'ment.

4 XXVI. And whereas it may be difficult to procure the Attendance of Witnesses upon Appeals made in

4 pursuance of the Powers in that Behalf in this Act contained be it further enacted by the Authority afore-

iaid, That each and every Justice of the Peace in and for the said City is hereby impowered and required, upon

6 Application

