i6o

by Distreft and

Sale, ATc.

Court may order

Debts to be paid

•t several

Times, &c.

On Eieeutton,

Clerk to indorse

the Debt and

Co As.

In what Cafes

Execution shall

1 c fupcrfcded*

Serjeant (offer-

ing an Escape,

&c. by Neglect,

to pay Debt and

Cofli,

Comm iffi oners

to be sworn.

The Oath*

Memorial there-

of to be re*

giAcred.

The Fees*

C. 62. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1777.

and may, and is and arc hereby impowered to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Party, being

within the Parishes aforesaid, such Sum and Sums of Money and Cc fts, as shall be so ordered and decreed :

And if the Party against whose Body or Goods (ueh Execution shall be awarded, and such Piocels shall

issue thereupon, shall, by absconding, or by secreting or removing his, her, or their Goods, or by any

other Means, prevent or evade the Service or Effc£t of any such Execution, it shall and may be la.wful to

and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon due Pr< of thereof made to them by the

Oath or Oaths of such Serjeant, or of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Discretion, to

award Execution either against the Body or Goods of such Party or Parties; and Process shall issue there-

upon, and be executed by the respective Serjeants in Manner aforesaid, until the Party or Parties, at whose

Suit such Execution shall be issued, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners, or any

three or more of them, shall, at any Time, upon the Request, and for the Ease and Convenience of the

Defendant or Defendants, order and decree the Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid at several

Payments, then, upon the fitft Default or Failure of any of the said Payments so ordered and decreed, the

said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, shall and may, at the Instance of

the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, award Execution for the whole

Debt, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with such further Costs as to them dial 1

seem reasonable, to be recovered by the fame Process, and in like Manner as is herein-before provided

for Recovery of the Debt and Costs first decreed; the former Order or Decree to the contrary thereof

notwithstandingi

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in every Precept to be issued upon

any Execution, awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons whatsoever, the Clerk who

issues the fame shall express and set down in Writing the Sum or Sums of Money and Costs so ordered and

decreed to be paid : And if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall be awarded, shall, be-

fore any actual Sale of his, her, or their Goods, or before he, (he, or they, is, are, or shall be taken and

apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment, pay, or cause to

be paid or tendered, unto the Clerk of the Court who shall issue such Precept, such Sum or Sums of Money

and Costs, together with one Shilling, as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying over such

Debts and Costs to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and entering Acknowledgment of Satisfaction in the Book, or

Register of the said Court for such Debt and Costs; and also the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence for

Gaol Fees, in case such Party or Parties shall have been committed to Prison ; then, and in such Cafe and

Cafes, the Execution shall be superfeded, and the Body or Bodies and Goods of such Party or Parties shall

be discharged and set at Liberty.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if the Serjeant or Serjeants of the

said Court, who shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful Connivance or Negltd,

cause or suffer the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded to escape or abscond, or the Goods

of such Party or Parties to be carried away or secreted, so as such Execution shall not have its due Effect, It

shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in

Court, upon Complaint and due Proof made, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or

Witnesses, to order such Serjeant or Serjeants to pay the Sum or Sums of Money, for which the said Exe-

cution was awarded, to the Party complaining, and to inforce the Payment thereof by the fame Method

and Means as are herein provided for the Payment of other Debts.

X\ III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person shall be capable of a£ting

as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath to the following Effect;

(that is to say)

4 T jf. B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of my Judg-

4 * ment, hear and determine all such Matters and causes as shall be brought before me, by virtue of an

4 Act of Parliament, for the yiore easy and speedy Recovery of /mall Debts, within the several Parishes tf/'Sur-

• fleet, Golberton, Quadring, Dcmington, Bicker, Swineuiead, Wigtoft, Sutterton, Algarkirk, Fofdike,

4 Kirton, Frampton, Wiberton, and Brothertofr, within the Hundred of Kirton, in the Parts of Holland#

4 in the County of Lincoln, without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to either Party.

J So help me GO D/

Which Oath the Clerk or Clerks of the said Courts, or any of the Commissioners who shall have taken such

Oath, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court; and the Clerk or Clerks of

the said Courts shall enter, or cause a Memorial thereof to be entered, in the Register of the said Court.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the several Fees herein-after limited

and expressed, and no other, shall he taken by the Clerks or Serjeants, or their SuccciTors, for their several

*nd respective Services in the Execution of this Act; (that is to say)

To the CLERKS.

For entering every Cause, Sixpence.

For issuing every Summons, Sixpence.

For every Subpcen 1, Sixpence.

For calling every Plain iff or Defendant before the Court, Threepence.

For ev*M> Hearing or Trial, Sixpence.

For fwca'ing every VV tn-fs, PI lintiff, or Defendant, Threepence.

For every Order, Judgment, or Decree, Sixpence.

2 For

c.

