A.D. 1779. Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C. 42, 43* 397

of the fame, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and fe- A Drawback of

venty-nine, upon the Exportation of any French Wine, or any other foreign Wines, from this Kingdom, J1!,hc

to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in the Eoft Incites, as Mer- 0nthe hr.

chandize, the Exporter shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of all the Duties before mentioned, which rortV.ir-, of to.

were paid upon the Importation of such Wine by vittue of the said herein-before recited Act of Pdjliai- rfign Wine*,

ment, made in the eighteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary ftaij b<_ai)o*td

notwithstanding: Which Drawback or Allowance shall be made in such Manner, and under such Rules,

Regulations, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Respects, as any former Drawback or Allow- A^erciV” the

ance, payable out of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation of such Wine, was, could, or might be Eastind/cs.

made, before the passing of this Act.

CAP. XLII.

An Act tQ enable the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty,7for building a Bridge at Worcester over the River Severn, and for opening convenient

Avenues to the said Bridge, to finish and complete the said Bridge, and to carry the Purposes of the said

Act into Execution.

CAP. XLIIL

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Soake of Hom-

caftU, and Wapentakes of Wraggoe and Gartree (except the Parish of Great Sturton), and

within the Wapentakes of Louth Efke, Ludborough, and Calceworth, and Parishes of

Wrangle, Leake, Leverton, Benington, Butterwick, Friefton, and Fijhtoft, in the Hundred

of Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln.

HEREAS in the Soake of Horncajllt, and Wapentakes of IVraggoe, Gartree, Louth Efke, Ludr Preamble;

borough, and Calceworih, and Parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Lever ton, Benington, Butterwick,

4 Frieston, and Fijhtoft, in the County of Lincoln, there are carried on several extensive Branches of Trade

4 and Business, and many ill-disposed Persons, within the said Soake, Wapentakes, and Parishes, do con-

4 tract Small Debts, and although able, refuse to pay the fame, presuming on the Discouragement which

4 Creditors lie under from proceeding for the Recovery of such Debts by the present Forms of Law, on

4 account of the great Expences and Delays which attend the fame in the County Court, which is upwards -

4 of thirty Miles distant from the greatest Part of the said Parishes, Villages, Hamlets, and Places: And

4 whereas an easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the said Soake, Wapentakes, and

4 Parishes, will greatly tend to promote Industry, and support useful Credit thereinMay it therefore

please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That William Allenby, Esquire ; John Abbot, Commissioner*

Joseph Atkinson, Hinman Allenby, Daniel Allenby, John Anfell, Robert Andrews, Thomas Adlard, William

Allifon, William Atkin, Gentlemen; Ay [cough Boucheret, Ayscough Boucher ct the younger, Bentley Bennet,

Enquires; Thomas Bentley, Samuel Bennet, William Bromley, Humphry Brown, Thomas Burrows, Thomas

Bradley, Jonathan Bairflow, John Bullivant, William Brown, Edmund BradJhaWy Charles Bonner the

younger, William Baker, Charles Buck, Bentley Bennet the younger, Thomas Bclgrave, Thomas Blyth, JcJhua

Byron, Edmund Blathwait, John Booth, John Bennet, Thomas Bartholomew, John Black bourn, Peter Black-

bourn. Gentlemen ; Edmund Brown, Clerk ; Charles Chaplin, Charles Clarke, Charles Marshal Clarke, Thomas

Chaplin, Esquires; George Coxfon, James Conington, John Calvert, John Chijlett, Robert Cole, Jffh Chantry,

Charles Chaplin. George Chaplin, William Chatter ton, James Calvert, John Codd, Richard Codd, Wiliam Caley,

Samuel Caley, Richard Calthorp, William Capps, Bennet Clayth, Thomas Clark, John Cook, John Coupland, Jo*

Jepb Coupland, Absalom Coupland, John Coupland, Robert Coupland, Gentlemen; William Dickinfn, Francis

Darn hill, John Dixfon, William Dixfon, John Dennis, Thomas Dan [on, John Dawson, David Dickinson, John

Ding, Charles Dennis, Gentlemen ; John Emeris, Clerk ; John Elmitt, John Em erf on, Richard Everilt, John

Ealand, Robert Ev if on, Gentlemen ; James Forrefter Fowler, James Fowler, Richard Faibier, Clerks; Joseph

Fowler, Moses Fox, John Fair weather, John Fisher, John Fojlcr, William Fowler, Frauds Farr, Eduard

Farr, John Fountain, Matthew Fox, John Francis, Gentlemen ; John Goodwin, Clerk ; John Gilby, John

Gibson, John Gunnifs, Edward Gunnifs, Wiliam Gibbons, John Goe, Isle Grant, Alexander Gunnifs, Frifkncy

Gunnifs, Edward Gray, Charles Goodwin, Francis Gooderick, William Green, Gentlemen ; George Hanijon,

Clerk ; John Harr Jon, Esquire ; William Hoyes, Benjamin Holland, Richard Hood, John Hutchirfon, John

Hanford, Thomas Holland, RichardHoldsworth, Richard Heald, Richard Hardy, Thomas liarri[on, John

Hudson, William Holland, Richard Henery, Robert Healey, Thomas Harneis, Robert Holmes, Richard Harr,

John Hudson, William Hanlon, John Hewit, William Hubbert, Gcntlejnen ; William Jackson, Nathaniel

Jackson, Willey Jackson, William Iremonger, Adkin Jollands, John Inctt, Francis Julian, George Jolland,

Joseph Jackson, George Jefl'of, Thomas Jeff cry s. Gentlemen; Wiliam Kin?[I on, Vickers Keal, Henry Kcal, John

Keyey, William Kerby, Charles Kirkham, Gentlemen ; Thomas Lijler, Pinder Lijler, Thomas Livefcy, Robert

Lee, Esquires; Charles LOJle, Joseph LOfte, John Linton, Henry Linton, Clerks ; John Ludlam, John Lud-

Jam junior, Richard Lucas, John Lili, Frederick UOjle, James Long fluff, William Leach, John Linton the

younger, John Light foot. Gentlemen; Robert Morton, Clerk ; Wright Mrfon, Thomas Mountain, William

Malnfon, Wright Mofon the younger, Erasmus Middleton, Thomas Ale fen, Samuel Martin, isaac Marcham,

William Merrell, John Meggitt, Thomas MarJh, John Maltby, Stanley Marfa all, John Mofon, Richard Ala-

VowXill. Part III. F f f Jon,

