296

A Surveyor to

ic appointed.

Trustees to have

the Superin-

tendence * f the

Roads and

Bridget*.

Parties aggrieved

may appeal to

the next annual

General Meet-

ing.

Overseers to be

appointed, Sec,

Treasurers to

give Security.

18 t. Sterling on

each too I. Scott

of valued Rent,

or its* on e*ck

Ploughgate,

may be levied

in hicu of

Statute work*

Tcrfont aggrav-

ed may appeal to

tfc Quarter-

Session,

Who arc to be

subjetled to the

Regulations and

AftelFn ents.

Thtee Days

Work, for earh

Horse and Cart,

or 3 a, Sterling

for each Horse,

Cottagers,

Trade fmen, Stc,

to perform fix

D-ys Work, or

to pay 2 s. Ster-

ling each rerfon,

C. 69. Anno deeimo octavo Georgi III. A.D. 1778.

an Interest in the fame, make and give out Copies or Extrafls of the Orders or Proceedings of the Trustees

within three Days after such Requisition (at such certain moderate Fee for the fame, as shall be fixed by

the said Trustees in a general Meeting assembled) ; and that such Copies or Extracts shall contain the

Warrant for putting these Orders into Execution ; and that the said Trustees, in their first general Meeting

or aejourned Meeting aforesaid, and in all their subsequent annual general Meetings or adjourned Meet-

ings assembled, shall have Power, and they are hereby empowered and required to nominate and appoint

one or more of their own Number to without Salary, as Surveyor or Surveyors in any of the Distridls

aforesaid, in which his Qualification lies ; and at the said general Meetings the said Trustees shall also ap-

point early and convenient Times and Places for the first Meetings in each Year of the Trustees within the

respective Distri&s before mentioned; and that the Trustees, at such District Meetings assembled, (bail

have Power afterwards to adjourn as they shall fee Cause.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees of the different Districts shall

(under the Restrictions after-mentioned) superintend, and have the Direction and Cognizance of the fevc-

ral Roads and Bridges within their respective Districfs, and shall have Power to appoint the Order in which

the fame shall be made or repaired, and to appropriate the Services and Monies to be exacted and raised, by

virtue of this Act, from each District, within such their respective Distritft only ; and that the said Truf-

tees, in such Distri# Meetings assembled, shall be, and are hereby empowered to appoint a Prefes or Con-

veener, and if necessary a Depute Clerk for each Distridt, and to adjourn from Time to Time; and that

the Prefes or Conveener of such respeflive Distxi& Meetings, shall have Power, and he is hereby empow-

ered and required, to call Meetings of the Trustees for the said Districf, as often as he shall be required so

to do by any two Trustees within such Distri<ft, upon ten Days previous Notice to be given at the Church

Doors within the District; and in case any Difference of Opinion in such District Meeting shall arise

among the said Trustees, concerning the Application of the Services or M hey, any one of the Trustees

who (nail either think himself aggrieved, or shall think such Application improper, may complain to the

next annual general Meeting, giving eight Days Notice in Writing, to the Clerk of the Distri& Meetingy

of his Intention to bring an Appeal, and the Matter thereof, which annual general Meeting shall have

Power, and is hereby empowered to hear and determine the fame; but the Works shall, notwithstanding,

proceed as dire£fed by the Majority of the Distritft Meeting, until the Determination of such Appeal ; and

it shall be lawful for any one Trustee to act at a District Meeting, in case the other Trustees do not at-

tend $ and that all Meetings under the Authority of this Act shall begin to be held at Mid-day, and not

earlier, and that each Member shall defray his own Expence, but without disabling or restraining the said

Trustees from making and giving a reasonable Allowance to Collectors, Clerks, and Overseers, for their

Trouble.

VII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, in District Meetings

assembled, shall have Power, and are hereby empowered to appoint Overseers within their respective Dif-

tridls, and to remove or dismiss them, and appoint others as they shall find necessary, and that the said

Overseers may, by a Justice of the Peace of the Bounds, be made Constables, for the special Purpose of

adiing as Constables in the Business of the Highways and Roads, and for that Purpose only ; and any Per-

son refusing to accept of the Office of Overseer, ft)all forfeit the Sum of three Pounds Sterling.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer or Treasurers appointed

by the said Trustees, shall give Security to the Amount at least of one Year’s Receipt.

TX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act,

the Statute-work, in Whole or in Part, in the Option of the Trustees of each Distridf, shall be converted

by an Assessmeny on the valued Rent, or on the Ploughgate, as the fame shall be ascertained and determined

by them at their annual Meetings for that Purpose, variable according to the Condition of the Roads in

the District, but so as not to exceed eighteen Shillings Sterling on each one hundred Pounds Scots of valued

Rent, or twelve Shillings Sterling on each Ploughgate, and so in Proportion for a larger or smaller Valua-

tion or Quantity of Land; and the Trustees in each District, who make Choice of the latter Mode of

Affcfiinent, shall make up a List of the Ploughgates therein, and each Estate and Farm shall be held to

contain as many Ploughgates, as the Arable and Pasture Lands might reasonably keep of Ploughs, if under

Tillage ; and the Trustees are hereby empowered to take such Proof as they shall think necessary for afeer-

taining the Number of Ploughgates ; and that Copies of such Lifts as are made up by them shall be trans-

mitted to the Clerk of the general Meeting, and entered in the Books to be kept by him ; and if any Per-

son thinks himself aggrieved hereby, he may complain to the next Quarter Session for Redress.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaiJ, That all Heritors, in the natural Possession of their

own Lands, as well as Tenants and Sub-tenants, shall be subjected to the Regulations and Assessments

aforesaid : Provided always. That Grass Grounds let without Liberty of Tillage, and Grounds let for Til-

lage for any Term not exceeding three Years, without a Lease 01 tacit Relocation following on a Lease,

fnaTl be held to be in the natural Possession of the Heritor.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person not otherwise hereby assessed, who-

shall- keep Carts or other Carriages, for drawing Coal or Lime, or any Commodities or Goods whatever,

shall be subject and liable in three Days Work of each Horse and Cart so employed by him, her, or them ;

or, in the Option of the Trustees, in a Sum not exceeding three Shillings Sterling for each Horse kept by*

them.

XII* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Cottagers, Householders, Labour-

ers, and Tradesmen, not being Servants hired by the Year, nor liable to send out Carts or Wains, {hall

be obliged, when required, to perform fix Days Work annually on the Highways by themselves, or by

proper Persons employed by them; or, in their Option, to pay two Shillings Sterling each Person for tho-

said fix Days Work. :i

3

X1IL And*

