A. D. 1778. Anno decimo nono Georgii Ilf.

C. 43. 403

houses, or other Place* where the said Commissioners shall meet, a true Copy of the last preceding Clause

of this A&, to the End that no Person or Persons shall or may plead ignorance thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Keeper and Keepers, for the

Time being, of the respective Common Gaols or Houses of Corredion within the said County of Lincoln,

shall and may, and he and they is and are hereby required and commanded to receive and take into his

and their Custody, all and every Person and Persons who shall be committed, or ordered to (land committed,

by any three or more of the said Commissioners present in Court, or by virtue of any Warrant, Attach-

ment, Execution, or other Process lifting out of the said Court of Requests : And in case the Keeper or

Keepers of the said Gaols or Houses of Corredion, or any of them, shall neglect or refuse to receive and

take into his and their Custody, any Person or Persons committed by virtue of this Act, or, before the Ex-

piration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall be so committed to his or their Custody, shall

discharge such Person or Persons, or wilfully permit and suffer such Person or Persons to go at large, with-

out a Warrant, Order, or Authority, for that Purpose, in Writing, signed in Court by three* or more of

the said Commissioners, every Keeper offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, and being thereof convicted

before the Chmmissioners fitting at any of the said Places where the said Court is herein-before directed to

be held, upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on his or their own

Confession, shall forfeit and pay, for every fuel) Offence, arty Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor lese

ohan forty Shillings, at the Discretion of such Commissioners; and such Sum shall be immediately paid by

the Person or Persons so offending, into the H^nds of the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court for the Time

being, before whom he or they shall be convicted, or in Default thereof, shall and may be levied by Distress

and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand* and Seals of any three Or

more of the said Commissioners, in Court assembled ; which Sum, when paid or levied, shall be applied in

like Maimer as the Fines herein-before mentioned are directed to bepaid and applied.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit for any Debt

not amounting to the Sum of forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of

Requests, shall be brought against any Person or Persons residing or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction

thereof, in any of the King's Courts at Wefmlnjler, or any other Courts whatsoever (except in all such

Courts Baron for holding Pleas of Debt, within the said Soake and Wapentakes, and rari(hes of Wrangle,

Leake, LeverUn, Benin? ten. Butter wick, Frciflon, and Fijhtoft, as have heretofore been held for the Recovery

of Debts under forty Shillings), or elsewhereout of the said Court of Requests ; and no Suit that shall be

commenced in the said Court of Requests in puffuance of this Act, nor any Proceedings therein, shall or

may be removed into any superior Court; but the Judgments, Decrees, and Proceedings of the said Court

shall be final and conclunve, to all Intents and Purposes.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or anyThing herein con-

tained, shall not extend to any Debt for Rent upon any Lease or Contract where the Title of any Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real Contract; nor

to any Debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any Cause concerning any last Will or Testament, or

Matrimony, or any Thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts; nor to any Debt for Money

won at or by Means of any Horse-race, Cock-match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play; or for

any Forfeiture upon any penal Statute; nor to any Debt whereof there hath not been a Contract, Ac-

knowledgment, Undertaking, or Promise to pay, within six Years before the taking out of the Summons

for the fame, although such Debt shall not amount to forty Shillings.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons, making

Oath or giving Evidence in any Cause or Matter whatsoever depending in the said Court of Requests, fliaU

commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof duly convicted according to Law, such Person or Per-

fons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful

and corrupt Perjury is or are liable to, or shall be subject to, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person residing within

the Soake and Wapentakes, and Parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Leverton, Benington, Butterwick, Freijhn,

and Fijhtoft aforesaid, or either or any of them (except within the Parish of Great Sturton aforesaid), who

shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons to be issued out of the said Court of Requests, to give

Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shall neglect or refuse to /appear, pursuant to such Sub-

poena or Summons, at the Time and Place therein mentioned, and due Proof shall be made of the Ser-

vice of such Subpoena or Summons, and no Cause of Absence be shewn or assigned, to the Satisfaction of

the Commissioners present at the Court to which such Person shall be by such Subpoena or Summons re-

quired to appear, and Oath shall be made before the said Commissioners, by the Party at whose Instance

and on whose Behalf futh Subpoena or Summons issued, that the Person served therewith was according

to the best of his, her* or their Judgment and Belief, a material Witness for such Party, it shall and may

be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in such Court, to

impose and lay a Fine not exceeding fifty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to be levied (if not imme-

diately paid on Demand) by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and

Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them ; which Fine, when paid or levied* shall be

paid over to the Party at whose Instance such Subpoena or Summons issued.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not ex-

tend to alter, change, take away, or annul, any of the Courts Baron for holding Pleas of Debt, or any

other Maneria! Rights, Privileges, Franchises, and Jurisdictions, belonging to any Person or Persons

whomsoever, as Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the several and respective Manors within the said

Soake of Homcqflle, and Wapentakes of Wraggoe, Gartree, Louth EJkc, Ludhorough, and Calceworth, and

Paritbes of Wrangle, Leake, Leverton, Benington, Butterwick, Freifton, and Fijhtoft; but that the fame

shall be* remain, and continue in as full and ample Power, Jurisdiction, and Authority, as if this Act had

never

Giolcrf, Sec, to

receive and de-

tain Person*

committed.

Penalty on Ne-

gleet thereof.

No Action for

Debt, recover-

able by thia A

to be brought if*

any other Court*

Except Coart*

Baron, See*

To what Debt*

thie A& fell Mi

OKtend,

Penalty on wild

ful Perjury.

Penalty on ndt

obeying * Sub*

Reservat)©i> of

the Rights of alt

Courts Baron for

the Soake, Wa»

penrakes, and

Parilbca*

