A.D. 1779.

Anno decimo nono Georgii Ilf.

C. 50.

413

nalties, Fines, and Forfeitures, imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now In Force, in any wise re-

lating to Distillers; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstandinr.

4 II. And whereas, by an Act, passed in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of King Williato

the Third, intituled, An Act to prohibit the excessive Distilling of Spirits and Lotus Wines froth Corn, and

Recital -of 1©

and 11 Gul. HI.

Cap.4i

Officer of Excise

discovering any

private Still, dec.

or any Materiil*

preparing for

Distillation, may

feite the fame.

c again/} the exporting of Beer and Aley and to prevent Frauds in Distillers y it was, among ft other Things,

4 enacted, That if any Officer of Excise should, under (he Authority of a Warrant from a Justice of th<

Peace, discover and find any private and concealed Still, Back, or Vessel, Spirits, Low Wines, or Ma-

4 terials preparing for Distillation, that in such Cafe every such Still, Back, or other Vessel, and also such

‘Spirits, Low Wines, and Materials for Distillation, mould be absolutely forfeited, and that the Person

4 or Perlon6 claiming the fame should forfeit, for every Place in which such Still, Back, or other Vessel,

4 shall be found, and also for every such Still, Back, or other Vessel, found therein, the Sum of two bum-

4 dred Pounds: And whereas by one other Act, passed in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of

4 King William the Third, intituled, An Act for layingfurther Duties upon Sweets; and for le/Tening the Duties and Cip

4 as well upon Vinegar as upon certain Low Wines and Whale Fins, and the Duties upon Branay imported;

and for the more eajy raffing the Duties upon Leather 5 and for charging Cinders; and for permitting the Im*

4 portation of Pearl jijhes 5 and for preventing Abuses in the brewing of Beer and Aley and Frauds in the !m«■

4 portation of Tobacco; it was enacted, That the Proprietor of any private Still, Back, or other Vessel,

4 which should be discovered, according to the Directions of the before recited Act, or the Person in whose

4 Custody the fame should be found, should forfeit and lose, for every such Still, Back, and other Vessel}

the Sum of two hundred Pounds: And whereas it may be doubted, whether, upon the Discovery and

4 finding of private and concealed Stills, Backs, and other Vessels, and of Spirits, Low Wiries, or Ma*

4 terials preparing for Distillation, by any Officer or Officers of Excise hot having a Warrant from a

4 Tuftice of the Peace, such private and concealed Stills, Backs, or other Vessels, Spirits, Low Wines, or

4 Materials preparing for Distillation, are forfeited, and liable to be seized by such Officer, and whether

the Proprietor of such private and concealed Stills, Backs, or other Vessels, so discovered, or the Persons

in whose Custody or Possession the fame shall be found, are liable and subject to the said Penalty of two

4 hundred Pounds: Now, to obviate all such Doubts/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall at any Time discover and find any private or concealed

Still, Back, or other Vessel, for the making, preparing, or keeping of Wash, Low Wines, or Spit its, or

other Materials preparing for Distillation, then, and in every such Cafe, it shall be lawful for such Officer

to seize every such Still, Back, or other Vessel, and all such Low Wines, Spirits, Wash, and other Ma- -----.— -

terials preparing for Distillation, which he shall so find and discover, and either to detain and keep the fame

in the House or Place where found, or to remove the fame to the Office of Excise next to the Place where m ttn

he^ shall so find and discover the fame; and in case the fame shall not, within ten days next after such claimed by the

Seizure, be claimed by the true and lawful Owner thereof, then the said Stills, Backs, and other Vessels, Owner,they shall

Spirits, Low Wines, Wash, and other Materials preparing for Distillation, shall be aofolutely forfeited; *forfeited; and

and the Proprietor of any such private and concealed Back, Still, or other Vessel, or the Person in whose the ProPMetor

Custody the fame shall be found, (h^ll forfeit and lose, for every Place in which any such private Still,

Back, and other Vessel, shall be found, and also for every such Still, Back, and other Vessel found therein,

the Sum of two hundred Pounds: And if any Person or Persons shall obstruct, oppose, molest, or hinder,

the Officers of Excise, or others acting in their Assistance, in the due seizing such private Stills, Backs,

and other Vessels, Spirits, Low Wines, Wash, or other Materials preparing for Distillation, or in remov- rc, JiyonTO.

ing the fame, or any of them, after Seizure, to the next Office of Excise, as aforesaid; then, and in every Arming officer*

such Cafe, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds. in (rising such

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day Stills, Ac.

ef June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall be per- No Person to

aiitted to make Entry of any Workhouse or Place, or of any Still or Utensil for making, distilling, or ”^En/7°r

keeping, of Low Wines or Spirits, unless such Person or Persons shall occupy a Tenement or Tenements stii/for ma*

of the yearly Value of ten Pounds, or upwards, and for which he, she, or they shall accordingly be af- king Low Winea

foiled in their own Name, and shall also pay to the Parish Rates in the several rarifties or Places in which or Spirit*, unless

they shall respectively reside s and that no Entry of any Workhouse, Place, Still, or Utensil, for making, occupy

distilling, and keeping, of Low Wines and Spirits, then made, or thereafter to be made, of any such

Workhouse, Place, SciH, or Utensil, shall be of any Avail to any Person not so qualified, or for any Md ibaiipay to

longer Time rhan the Person or Persons so making Entry shall be qualified^ as aforesaid; and every Per- Parito R*t«s.

Ton making or distilling Low Wines or Spirits, and not qualified as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding any

Entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be Persons making and1 distilling Low Wines

and Spirits without Entry, and shall be subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as Persons making and

v distilling Low Wines and Spirits without Entry are, by the Statutes in such Cafe made and provided, now

subject unto.

4 IV. And, for the more effieftual securing the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits, made and distilled

4 within Great Britain/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that from and after the twenty-

fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and feveocy-nine, all and every Person Whatsoever, who inr WWOUICB

shall make or distil Low Wines or Spirits, shall, weekly and every Week, make a true Entry in Writing b^them^n ma-

at the next Office of Excise, within the Limits of which the said Low Wines or Spirits are by him or king LowWinei

them respectively made or distilled, of all the Wash by him, her, or them respectively used for the making and Spirit*,

of Low Wines and Spirits, within each Week, on Pain to forfeit, for every Neglect of making such true

Entry, the Sum of ten Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Distiller who shall not pay and.

clear off within a Week after he, she, or they, shall have made his, her, or their Entry, or ought to have within a Week

made his, her, or their Entry, as aforesaid, shall pay double the Value of the Duty. after Entry, to

Vol. XIII. Part ill. H h h VI. And w

thereof, or the

Person in whose

Custody they are

found, shall for-

feit, for each

Particular, tool.

Penalty on oh*

D Hillers to

inake Entry,

weekly, of all

the Wash used

