5

A. D. 1777* Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. C.

such Nomination* and Notice thereof given or left at his or their Place or Places of Abode, take that Office

or Duty upon him or them, upon Pam that every such Person, refusing or neglecting so to do, shall forfeit

and pay the Sum of ten Pounds : And in case of any such Refusal or Neglect, any two Justices of the Peace on Fenilty of

for the said County acting in the Division of Fin/bury, may and are hereby authoiifed and impowered to 10

nominate some other fit Person or Persons to the said Office in the Place of him or them refusing or neg-

lecting as aforesaid ; and the Person or Persons so nominated in the Room of such Person or Persons, shall

take such Office or Duty upon him or them, under Pain of forfeiting the like Sum of ten Pounds for every

such Refusal or Neglect; to be recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned : All which said Forfeitures

shall be paid to theTreafurcr who shall be appointed to receive the Monies for the Relief of the Poor of

the fiiid Parish, and shall be applied lor and towards the Relief of such Poor.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, Parifltfonm to

or the major Part of them, together with the Parishioners of the said Parish paying to the Rates or Ailed- njeatoafeer-

ments to be made by virtue of this Act, arc hereby authorised and required to assemble and meet together the ionics

in the Vestry-room of the said Parish on Tuesday in Easter Week, or within ten Days after, or oftner, in 10 c rAi

every Year asOccafton shall require, Notice whereof shall be given the Sunday next preceding such Meeting

<n the Church of the said Parish in Manner aforesaid ; and the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor,

and Pariftiioners, or the major Part of them, so adembled, shall ascertain the Sum or Sums of Money ne-

ceflary to be raised within the Limits of the said Parish for the Relief of the Poor, and for the Payment of

the Annuities, and other Ends and Purposes of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Parishion- lnd ^ miJte act

ersof the said Parish, shall assemble and meet together in the said Parish Church within thirty Days next' 990*1 Found*

after the said Sum or Sums of Money shall have been ascertained as aforesaid (due Notice having been

given in the said Parish Church on the preceding Sunday before such Meeting in Manner aforesaid) ; and at

such Meeting and Meetings shall and are hercbv required to make and lign one general equal Pound-rate or

Assessment for and towards the Relief of the Poor, and for the Payment of the said Annuities, and other

the Ends and Purposes of this Act, upon all.and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold,

occupy, or enjoy any Land, House*, Shop, Warehoule, Coach-houle, Stable, Cellar, Vault* or any

other Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the said Parish, and on every other Person and Per-

fons who by Law is, are, or shall be chargeable or liable to be aiTeifcd for or towards the Relief of the Poor*

as the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants of the said Parish, at such Meeting and

Meetings, shall think necessary and proper; which said Rates or Alfeflmems, so to be made, shall be R»te«tob«

made and laid according to the yearly Rent or yearly Value of the Premtfcs, and a9 the fame shall be all er-

tained and rated to the Land Tax for the Time being; and shall be allowed- by two of his M« jetty’s Justices JuftKC

of the Peace for the County of Middlesex; and Notice thereof shall be given in the Church on the Sunday and vnice

next after the fame shall be allowed. thereof«; n

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Pa1- p J-V-w'”11*

rifhioner? of the said PariO), shall refuse or neglect to assemble and meet together* or, having so met, shall nra'^7nT<o

refuse or neglect to ascertain such Sum or Sums of Money in Manner as aforesaid, or shall reiufe or neglect, make aiTht.

within fourteen Days after such Meeting, to make fuefi Rates or Assessments as afoftfaid, or in case such ment»y Tr*.Aeei

Rates or Afteftmencs shall be deficient to answer the Purposes of this Act; that then, and in either of the

said Cafes, and as often as it shall happen, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees* or any seven or.

more of thejn, and they are hereby required to meet in the Vestry-room, or at the Workhouse of the said

Pa;i(h, as they shall appoint fur that Purpose (Notice thereof having been, first given on the Sunday next

preceding such Meeting in the Church of the said Parish in Manner aforesaid), and then and there make

one or more general Pound-rate or Assessment in Manner aforesaid, tot and towards the Relief of the Poor*,

the Payment of the said Annuities, and other the Purposes of this Act, and therein equitably and propor-

ti on ably ra'e and aflds all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, or occupy any.*

Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Tenement, Coach-house. Stable, Cellar, Vault, or any other Build*

vigor Hereditament within the said Parish, and any other Person or Persons who by Law or under this Act

are chargeable or aflefiable for and towards the Relief of the Poor, as the said Trustees, or any seven or

more of them, at such Meeting or Meetings, shall think fit and proper to be rated and afliifrd ; which said *hich fls*r U

Rates or Assessments so to be made and signed by the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall be by 1*0

allowed by two of his Mi jrlty’s Justices of the Peace for the find County; and Notice thereof ihalLbe Ju,liC<:>*

given in the said Parish Church some Sunday after Morning Prayers before such Rate shall be cohered..

XXV* And be it further enacted, 1 hat the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Aftcffmems* so to be made by Rare* fdt*6*

the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall be deemed and taken to be good, valid, and effec- made by (be

tual, and shall and may be collided and levied in like Manner as if the fame had been ascertained and made Truste#* flull

by the Churchwardens, Overleersof the Poor, and Parishionersafl'embled as aforesaid;. any Law,. Statute,. bcvalid’

or U*;»ge, to the contrary nctwithstandirg.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, i nat no Rate or Rates, Assessment or A fie Clients* for the Relief of Ko R.t*«robt

the Poor* shall be made or assessed, other than is in and by this Act directed, after the Tuesday. in Eajier made contrary

Week in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven ty-seven, or within forty Days after. to 1 hi* Afl.

4 XXV1L And whereas there are ci ivers Houses in the said Parish let out in separate Lodgings or Apart- Ltn Jlord to

* ments, and other Houses let ready-lurniftied to Lodgers, by which Means the Payment of the said Rates pay r«k» for

€ or Assessfuents may be evaded,’ be it therefore further enacted, That the Landlord or Owner of each and House* let out

every House or Houses so let in separate Apartments or ready-furnidied to a Lodger or Lodgers, shall be in Lu<Js*nb*

deemed ai>d aken to be the Occupier or Occupiers of such House or Houses, and may be rated or afftiied

accordingly, and shall be liable and subject to the Payment of the said Rates or Aliellments directed to be

mfed and levied by virtue of this Act*

XXVIII. And

