A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. C. 59. 285

* tations, in the Manner directed by the said Act 5 and that such Collector, or other principal Officers

4 of the Customs, {hould, within thirty Days after the failing of the Ship or Vefl'l, transmit an exact

4 Copy of the said Affidavit to'the Secretary’s Office for the respective Colony or Plantation where the

4 Goods were {hipped, on Forfeiture of five Pounds, to be recovered in the Manner directed by the said

4 Act: And whereas by another Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so After Mafcb u

4 much of the said Act as related to Mclades or Syrups hr.s been repealed : And whereas the Kelt fictions

4 and Regulations, prescribed by the said Act of the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, have w[thi«C"

4 been found inefficient to prevent the Importation of Foreign Sugar and Paneles into this Kingdom thirty Days af-

for Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s ter ^il.ng of the

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and tr^n'c-.it

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and Tter Affidavit to the

the first Day of ALarch, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, the Collector, or other principal* ScC'.tary* or.

Officer of the Cudoms, to whom such Affidavit {hall be produced and delivered, {hall (without Fee or fne for the Co-

Reward), within thirty Days after the failing of the Ship or Vessel, transmit one exact Copy of the said lory; and ano-

Affidavir, to the Secretary’s Office, for the respective Colony or Plantation where the Sugar or Paneles,

referred to in the said Affidavit, were shipped ; and shall also, within the like Spice of thirty Days tram- ,1^ p^Hih wiicre

mit another exact Copy of such Affidavit to the Justices and Vestry of the Parish and Parishes, Piccinft the ug.rgrrw,

or Precincts, where the Lid Sugar or Paneles grew, or were produced and manufactured, on the Penalty &c. on I’cna.ty

of forfeiting fifty Pounds for every such Omission and Neglect. of 5°*-

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Justice of the Peace of the Penalty on Jjf-

said Colonies or Plantations {hall, from and after the said tirft Day of March, one thousand seven hundred *Kes Ar~

and seventy-nine, subscribe his Name to any Paper or Parchment Writing, purporting to be an Affidavit thrv^rcproperly

for the Rurpose directed by the said Act of the fourth Year of the Reign of his piefent Majesty, unlvfs the au7ienu fated. 7

Person or Persons, purporting to make such Affidavit, fhaHactually appear before him, and tie sworn

upon the Holy Evangelists to the Truth of the said Affidavit, that then, and in every such Cafe, every

such Justice of the Peace {hall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fi d Day of Af er March i,.

March one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, if any Sugar or Paneles shall be imported in o 1779. SuMr or

Great Britain, from any British Colony or Plantation ia America, without, or shall not be included in, ^7777 reat^"

the Certificate required in and by the said Act of the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Britan from A-

that then, and in either such Cafe, all such Sugar and Paneles shall be deemed and taken to be foreign meru», without

Sugar and Paneles, and {hall be liable to the fame Duties, Restrictions, Regulations, Penalties, and For- * proper cernfi.

feitures, in all Respects; as Sugars and Paneles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any French “,c* ^J1 W

Colony or Plantation would be respectively liable to by Law ; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any Sij* 17

Law, Usage, or Cudom, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the * Penalties to be

several Penalties herein-before mentioned {hall be sued for, had, recovered, didiibuted, and disposed of, for» ,Vc* in

in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the several Penalties mentioned in the said

before-mentioned Act, of the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, are in and by the said Act ^JnrVoncJ in

directed to be sued for, had, recovered, didiibuted, and disposed of »be bcit-rc-re-

cited Act*

CAP. LIX.

An Act to amend and render more effectual the Laws relating to the railing; and training

the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England ; and to establish certain Re-

gulations with respect to Officers serving in the Corps of Fencible Men directed to be

raised in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other Corps therein

mentioned.

* WHEREAS it is of the utmod Importance to the internal Defence of this Country, in Times Preamble.

4 VV of War and Danger of Invasion, that the Militia {hould be kept up as complete as possible: And

4 whereas by an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intitulrd, An Act to Act * Geo. Ilia

4 explain, amend\ and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the rai/ing recited,

4 and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, it is (amongst other Things;

4 enacted. That all such Militia Men, whose Times of Service in the Militia shall be near expiring,

4 during the Time the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, in which they served, dull be

4 embodied and absent from the County, Riding, or Place, to which they belong, {hall be returned, by

4 the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, to the County,

4 Riding, or Place, for which they serve, so as that they may reach the said County by the Expiration of

4 their Term; but no Provision is made for the immediate Supply of others in the Place of such Militia

4 Men so returned as aforesaid, the Want of which, in actual Invasion, or immediate Danger thereof,

4 might be of the utmost Detriment to the public Safety : And whereas it would not only greatly promote

4 the public Service, but be of much Ease and Advantage also to such Persons as may be cholcn by Lot

4 for such Corps of Militia as may be at a Distance from Home, and to others, who may be willing to serve

4 as Subditutes for the fame, if such Persons, whose Times shall be near expiring, weie to be engaged to

4 continue as Subditutes for such as may be chosen by Lot, as aforesaid be it therefore enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That DIre&ions for

whenever any Corps of Militia {hall be embodied and absent from the County, Riding, or Place, to which Commanding

Vot. XIII. Part II. Pp it Officer, v,h«

