house, opposite to the Town of Conway, in the County of

Carnarvon; and from Ruthin to the said Town $/\Mold ;

as relates to the District of Road from the Town of

Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge,

in the County of Flint.

ic8. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Ad, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for

widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heron

Syke, which divides the Counties of Lancaster and Weft-

moreland, to the Town of Kirkby in Kendal, and from

the said Town of Kirkby in Kendal, through the Town of

-Shapp, to Emont Bridge, in the said County of Weft-

more) and.

109. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so

much of an Ail, made in the thirtieth Year of the

Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

the Roads from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of

Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint; and

from the Town of Mold to Northop, Holywell, and

Rhuddlan, in the fan e County; and from thence to the

Ferry-house, opposite the Town of Conway, in the County

af Carnarvon; and from Ruthin to the said Town of

Mold; as relates to the District of Road from the Town

of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of

Moldy in the County of Flint.

110. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Ail made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening

several Roads leading to the Town of Lantrillent, and also

the Road leading from Newbridge to a Place called the Old

Furnace, all in the County of Glamorgan.

111. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Ail, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of King

George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping

in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom

j/'Shaw Hill, in the Parish of Melxlham, through Googes

Lane, Corfbam, Biddeftone, and Weft Yatton, to the

Turnpike Road at Upper Combe, in the Parish of Castle-

combe, in the County of Wilts.

Ji2. An Act for continuing the Term of an Ail of the

thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widen

ingy making commodiousy and keeping in Repair, the Road

from The Cross Keys, otherwise Brickers Barn, in the

Parish of Corlham, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Easton

Bridge in the County of Somerset.

113. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Ail,

Sailed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late

4ajesty King George the Second, for repairing and v/t-

demng the Roads from Spann Smithy, in the Township of

Elton, through the Town of Middlewich, and by Spittle

Hill in Stanthom, to Winsford Bridge; and from Spittle

Hill to the Town of Northwich, in the County Palatine of

Chester.

114. An Act for reviving and continuing the Term and

varying the Powers of an Ail, made in the twenty-ninth

Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and

keeping in Repair y everal Roads leading from the Market-

house, and elsewhercy in the Town of Ludlow, in the

County of Salop; and for amending, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Road leading from the Turnpike or Side-gate,

in the Parish of Afford Bawdier, to the Turnpike Road

on the Clee Hilly in the said County.

115. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Ail,

passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Ciren-

cester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodbo-

rough Hill which leads to Dudbridge; and also the Road

leading from Cirencester towards Bifley, fofaras the Bot+

tom of Gulph Hill; all in the County ^Gloucester.

116. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Ail,

passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and wi-

doling the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Glou-

cester, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

117. An Act for making and reparing several Roads round

the City of Bristol.

118. An Act for amending the Road from the Nine Mile

Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The

Clay Pits, to or near the Chapel at Stone; and also the

Roads to and near Berkeley, Durfley, Wotton under Edge,

Stroudy and Scdbury; and several other Roads in the

Counties of Gloucester and Wilts.

119. An Act for reducing into one Act of Parliament the

several Laws now in Force for repairing the Road lead-

ing from the Town or Village of Tittenfor to the most

Northern Part of Talk on the Hilly in Butt Laney in the

County of Stafford \ and for repairing the Road from

Darlastone Bridge, over Tittenfor Heathy through the

Town or Village of Tittenfor aforesaid.

12c. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers of several Acts of Parliament, made

in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the

eighth Year of King George the First, and the twenty-

second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road

leading from Kilburn-bridge, in the County of Middlesex*

to Sparrow’s Herne, in the County of Hertford.

PRIVATE ACTS,

Anno 19 Georgii III.

1. AN Ail for extinguishing the Right of Common

upon certain Inclosed Lands, within the Parish of

IVinfortony in the County of Hereford.

2. An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Hose.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Walle

Land, within the Parish of Wood Bajlwicky in the

County of Norfolk.

4. An Act to enlarge, explain, and amend, the Powers

given in and by an Act, passed in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing

the Open and Common Fields, Common Pqflures, Common

Meaaowsy and other Commonable Lands and Groundsy of

and within the Manor, Parishy and Liberties, of Floore,

otherwise Flower, in the County of Northampton; and

for making the same more«enedual for the Purposes

therein mentioned.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within

the Parish and Liberties of Bugbrookey in the County of

Northampton.

6. An Act for naturalizing Theodoras Martinus Mifpelblom

Beijer.

7. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Places in the Parish

of Barkby, in the County of Leicester.

8. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division

and Allotment of the Common or Open Fields, and

Common Downs, within the Manor of Milfton and

Brigmerjhny in the County of Wilts.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Brattlebjy in the

County of Lincoln.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds of Crafty

in the County of l*eUester%

ii. An

