102

Pieamble.

Aa 6 Geo. III.

rccileJ j

and further

continued for

six Years*

Preamble#

Commissioners,

&c, for executing

any Act paOed

this Session, who

have not held

their first Meet-

ing conformable

to such A a,

may meet within

maFo»tnight after

the End of the

ptefent Sessions.

C. 35—37. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

CAP. xxxv.

An Act for further continuing an Act, passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty*

Reign, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets for

a limited Time, and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk

Manufacture.

II /HEREAS the Law herein-after mentioned has. by Experience, been found useful and benefi-

cial, and is near expiring ;' may it therefore pieale your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it

enacted by the Kind’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with ,the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That an Act,'made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to tro-

bibit the Importation of Foreign-wr ought Silks and Velvets for a limited Time, and for preventing unlawful Com-

binations oj Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture; which was to continue in Force for five Years, from

the fourteenth Day of june% one thousand seven hundred and sixty-fixr and from thence vO the End of the

then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another AS, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the fourteenth Day of Juney

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

liament* shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the four-

teenth Day of 7W,. one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the End of the then

next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXVI.

J^n Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the first Meetings of Commissioners or Truf-

tees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

*4 WHEREAS certain Acts may have been made and passed in this present Session of Parliament,

4 W appointing the first Meetings of the Commissioners or Trustees for putting such Acts in Execution

4 upon certain Days which have elapsed before, or happened upon, the respective Days of passing such

4 Acts; and Doubts may arise whether, in such Cafes, the Commissioners or Trustees, appointed in and by

4 such Acts, are authorised to meet and carry such Acts into Executionmay it therefore please your Ma-

jesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Act or Acts of Parliament hath or have passed during

this present Session of Parliament,' and the Commissioners or Trustees for putting such Act or Acts in Ex-

ecution, shall not have met and holden their first Meetings on the respective Days appointed by such Acts

respectively, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners or Trustees, or such Number of them as by

such Acts art authorised to meet and to put such Acts in Execution, to meet and proceed in the Execution

of such Acts respectively on or before the Day Fortnight next after the End of this present Session of Par-

liament; and all such Meetings so had shall and are hereby declared to be as good, valid, and effectual, to

all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the Commissioners or Trustees had met and proceeded to put

such Acts in Execution on the Days appointed in and by such respective Acts; and all Acts, Matters, and

Things, which shall be done by such Commissioners or Trustees in the Execution of such Acts respectively.

shall be as valid and effectual in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if their first

Meetings had been held on the Days appointed by such Acts respectively.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments;

and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qua-

lifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to in-

demnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have

been omitted to be (pimped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and

for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly damped; and to give further Time to such Persons

as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and So-

licitors.

44 Preamble. Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to Act 1 Geo. I. Act 13 Car. II.

44 Act 25 Car. II. Act 30 Car. II. Act 8 Geo. I. Act 9 Geo. I. Act 18 Geo. II. and Act 6 Geo. III. before

4f the pidfing of this Act; and who shall, on or before 2<;th December 1777, qualify themselves, shall be

44 indemnified against Forfeitures. Not to indemnify any Person for any Penalty incurred by neglecting

"*4 to qualify himself. Persons producing Appointments and Admissions before 25th December 1777, shall

4* be confirmed, and qualified to act as Clerk, Officer, or Member of Corporations, &c. may enjoy all

44 Offices into which they have been elected; and shall be indemnified from all Penalties and Damages in-

44 curred by reason of Omissions. Not to extend to restore Persons to any Office avoided by Judgment.

44 Persons who shall cause Affidavits to be filed before Michaelmas Term 1777, are indemnified, and dif-

* charged from Penalties. Persons prosecuted and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the General

44 lfiite.

5 c a p;

