A. D. 1779.

Anno decimo nono Georg ii III.

C. 6i,

449-

4* apart and applied, out of the said clear Revenues and Profits, such a Sum as might be sufficient for'an-

4 fwering a Dividend to the Proprierors of the Stock of the said Company, not exceeding the Rate of fix

4 Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Capital Stock of the said Company; and all the Surplus of the

4 said clear Revenues and Profits should be applied in Diminution of the said Sum of one Million four,

4 hundred thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as should be remaining unpaid, and for defraying the ’

4 Charges incurred in resp^ft thereof; and after the Repayment of the Whole of the Money so advanced.

4 and applied as aforesaid, and until the Bond Debt of the said Company should be reduced to the Sum

4 of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, there should in like Manner be set apart and applied, in

4‘ the first Place, out of the said clear Revenues and Profits, such Sum as might be sufficient for answering

4 a Dividend, not exceeding the Rate of seven Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Capital Stock of

4 the fair! Company ; after which all the Surplus of the said clear Revenues and Profits should be applied

4% in reducing the Bond Debt of the said Company : And whereas the said Sum of one million four hundred

4 thousand rounds has been rep-id, and fully discharged, and all the Charges incurred in respect thereof

* have been defrayed, and the Bond Debt of the said Company* has been reduced to, or under, the Sum

4 of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, whereby the Circumstances, in Consideration whereof

4*rt way in the aforesaid Act declared that the Public should agree to forego, for the ftien present Time*,

* all Participation in the Profit arising froi»the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the

East Indies, have ceased and are determined ; but whereas notwithfDnding it may be expedient that the

4* aforesaid territorial Acquisitions and Revenues should, for a limited 7'inre, and under certain Conditions

4j and Rcftri:!ions, remain In the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to

4 the East.Indies May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled ; and be it enacted by the

King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conf nt of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

strfral, and Commons, in this present-Parliament sftembled, and by the Authority of the same. That

all the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, lately obtained in the East Indies, shall remain in the Pof-

fefii^n of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies. and their Successors,

for and duiing the Term of one Year, to be computed from the fifth Day of Aprils in the Year of our

Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

Provided »lways, and b- it fu-thrr erratVed by the Authority Jtforesaid, That, for and do ring thqr*

said Term, the whole clear Prrfbs arising from the said tenitorial Acquisitions and Revenues, after de-

fraying rhe Charges and Expences attemfing the fame, together with all the clear Revenue and Profits of

t)ie said Company, af:«r providing for the current Payments of Interest, and.other Outgoings* Charges,^

and Expences, of the find Company, fh II be difp >fcd of and apnlied in Manner following; that is to say,

it shall and m y be lawful, out of the said cle.tr Revenues and Profits, to set apart and apply, in the first

Place, such Sum as m ly be sufficient for answering a Dividend to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said

Company, not exceeding the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Capital Stock of the*

said Company, after which the whole Surplus of the said clear Revenues and Piofrs shall be reserved and

await ^ny future Agreement that may be made between the Public and the said Company.

III. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid. That during the Continuance of this Act,*

the said United Company do cause, and they are hereby directed and required to cause to be made up half-

yearly, with as much Accuracy as the Nature of the Cafe will admit, a Statement or Account of the

Profit and Lof> upon tho Whole of the Trade and Revenues of the said Company, together with a State*

of the Debts of the said Company in England, exclusive of their Bond Debt, to the first Day of September, '

and the fi ft Day of March ; the fiift of tuch Statements or Accounts to be male up from the first Day*

of March to the first Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seven y nine ; and to transniitV

such Statement or Account fail 1 v-written, and signed by two or more of the Directofs of the said United*

Company, within twenty-one Days after the Dav to which such Statement or Account shall be made*

up respectively, to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being..

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of this Act,’

it shall and may be lawful for the said United Company, or their Successors, or any of their Officers or

Servants on their Account, to accept or otherwise bind the said Company or their Succcifbrs, for the Pay-‘

ment of any Bill or B IN of Exchange, drawn by any of their Officers or Servants, at any of their Pre-’

fidencies in the Ea/l Indies, for any Sum exceeding the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds, exclusive

of Certificates, to the Amount of eight thousand rounds, to the Commanders and Officers of ea'ch of the

Company’s Ships, without the Consent and Order first had and obtained of the Commissioners 6f his Ma1-*

lefty’s Treasury for the Time being, <?r any three or more cf them, or of the High Tre tfurer for the TifrK?

Being, who are hereby reflectively autho’rifed to give such Consent, or to ,make fuefi Order thereon as

they shall judge expedient j and ^very1 Acceptance or Engagement made* concriry to the true Meaning1

aim ln:e tot this Act, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes. •< 11 • < '• 1

4 V. And whereas by another Act, passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for eft a-

4 biishing certain Regulations for t()c better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in

* India as in Europe, it was, among other Things, enacted, rl hat*, for the Government of thciPreficIencjL

4 of Fort William in Bengal, th^re should be appointed a Governor General and four Counsellors, and

4 that the whole Civil and Military Government of the said Presidency, and also the Ordering, Ma-

* nagement, and Government of all the territorial Aeqdifitions and Revenues in the Kingdoms of Ben-

j4 gul, Ba'har^'anq OriJJdr should,* during;fych Time as the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues Thould

4 remain in the Pr fibfiipji of the find United Company, be vtfted in the said Governor General and Courtcil

4 of the said Presidency of Fort William ill Bengal; and also that the Governor General and four first

4 Counsellors, appointed by the said Act, should each of them hold and continue in his and their respec-

* tive Offices for and during the Term of five Years from the Time of their Arrival at Fort William in

Ikflgfc/, and taking upon them the Government of the said Presidency, and should not be removeable in

4 the

All the territo-

rial Acquisitions

and Revenues,

lately obtained

in the East In-

dies, to remain

in Post'ciiion of

the Company till

April 5, 1780.

No Dividend to

be made by the

Company, before

April 5, 1780,

of more than

Eight per Cent*

per Ann. \

The Company

are to cause to be

made up half

yearly, during

the Continuance

tf this Act, an

Account of the

Profit and Loss

upon their Trade,

Ac.

which shall be

transnutted to

the Commission-

ers of ti e Trea-

ru,y* . . 'V

T he Comp*njr

restricted from

atcepting Bills

a*>ove a certain

Sum drawn ca' "*

them by their

Officer?, Ac, in r

the Enft -Indies, 1

wit hour rheCon-1

sent of the Com-

missioners of the

Treasury.

Recital of 13

Geo. 111. Cap.

63.

