A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. C. 59. 287

T A\ B. do sincerely promifeand swear, That I will be f*aithfu! and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty

A King George, his Heirs and Successors; and I do (wear that I am a Protestant, and that I will faith—

4 fully serve in the Militia within the Kingdom of Great Britain for the Defence of the fame, during the

4 Time which I am so certified (0 , unless I am sooner discharged.

4 1So help me GOD/

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Counties where the Number of

Men is sufficient to form two Companies only, the eldest Captain shall rank as Major, but shall only be

intitled to the Pay of Captain; and no Clerk shall be allowed where the Number of Men is sufficient to

form only one or two Companies, but the Receiver-general shall pay the Money necessary for such Num-

ber of Men to the Commanding Officer of such Company or Companies, who shall account with him for

the fame.

4 IV. And whereas, by the Laws now in being for raiihlg and training the Militia, within that Part

of Great Britain called England^ it is provided, that the Acceptance of a Commission in the said Militia

4 shall not vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament: And whereas his Majesty has

4 thought proper, for the more effectual Protection and internal Defence of that Part of Great Britain

4 called Scotland, to» dire ft that fencible Men, in several of the Shires in that Part of the United Kingdom,

should be forthwith raised and embodied: And whereas Officers, serving in any of the said Corps of

4 fencible Men, will not, by virtue of such Service, be intitled to receive Half-pay, or to have any Rank

in the Army, after the said Corps shall be dismissed and disembodied, but will be similar to, and as near

4 ‘as may be on the fame Footing with, Officers serving in the Militia of England: And whereas his Ma-

4 jesty may think proper to grant Commissions to Officers to raise Corps for the Defence of this Country,

the Officers of which Corps may likewise not be intitled to receive Half-pay, or to hold any Rank in

the Army, after the said Corps mall be reduced and disembodied be it enacted and declared. That the

Acceptance of a Commission in any Corps of fencible Men, raised or to be raised in that Part of Great

Britain called Scotland, or in any other Corps which his Majesty may authorise and direct to be raised in

any Part of Great Britain, in which the Officers shall not be intitled to Half-pay, or to any Rank in the

Army, after the Reduction of the said Corps, shall not, nor shall be construed to vacate the Seat of any

Member returned to serve in Parliament.

V. And whereas it is necessary to ascertain the Rank to be held by the Officers of certain Corps raised,

4 or to be raised, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, called Fencible Men, or of any other

4 'Corps of Men which may be raised within Great Britain, wherein such Officers shall not be intitled to

Rank or Half-pay, except during the Time of the actual Service of such Corps, with respect to the

c Officers of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, during the Time that the Officers

€ of such Corps, and of the Militia, shall serve together / be it therefore wasted by the Authority afore-

said, That the Officers of such Corps and of the Militia, of equal Degree, shall rank according to the

Date of their respective Commissions.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where a Battalion of Militia is commanded by

a Lieutenant Colonel, who shall have been Commandant of the fame for five Years or longer, it shall be

lawful for the Lord Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Militia shall belong,

with the Consent of his Majesty, to give to such Lieutenant Colonel Commandant a Commission of Co-

lonel, any Thing in any Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no PersonTerving as Quarter-

xriafter, Surgeon, or Battalion Clerk, in the Militia, shall, from the Time of passing this Act, be ap-

pointed to any other Commission in the Militia, higher than that of a Lieutenant, during the Time he acts

as such, though he should have such Qualification as the Law requires for such higher Commission.

VIII. And whereas, in and by the said recited Act, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That when

the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, should be ordered out into actual Service, it should and

4 might be lawful for the Captain of any Company of Militia to augment his Company, by incorpo-

4 rating, with the Consent of his Majesty’s Lieutenant, or, in the Absence of his Majesty’s Lieutenant,

4 with the Consent of two or more of the Deputy Lieutenants, any Number of Persons who should offer

€ themselves as Volunteers, and who should appear to him to be fofficiently trained and disciplined, and

4 provided with proper Clothes, Arms, and Accoutrements, and who should take the Oath, and perform

the other Acts therein jpreferibed ;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and

may be lawful for the Commanding Officer, with the Consent of his Majesty’s Lieutenant, or, in the

Absence of his Majesty’s Lieutenant, with the Consent of any two or more of the Deputy Lieutenants,

to accept a Number of Volunteers to serve in the said Militia, either to be incorporated into the other

Companies, or to be formed into a distinct Company, in which latter Cafe Commissions may be granted

by his Majesty’s Lieutenant to Officers legally qualified to command the fame.

IX. Provided always. That the Number of Volunteers in any Battalion shall not exceed the Number

of Men contained in any one Company of the said Battalion; and though such Volunteers should not be

provided with proper Clothes, Arms, and Accoutrements, upon the Representation of his Majesty’s Lieu-

tenant, or of two or more of the Deputy Lieutenants, such Volunteers shall have the fame Allowance,

with regard to Pay, Arms, Clothes, and Accoutrements, as Militia Men are by Law intitled to, during

the Time of their continuing in actual Service.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who is intitled to Half-pay

shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such Half-pay, during the Time he shall serve as a Lieutenant

or Ensign in any Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company of Militia, but that the fame (halt

nevertheless continue; and, instead of the Oath now appointed, such Officer shall take the following

Oath:

P p 1 “I A. B.

In Counties

where there arc

only two com-

panirs, the rl-

dert Captain to

rank at Major,

&c,

Acceptance of a

Commiflljn in

any Corps ef

fencible Men

raised, or to be

raised, in Great

Britain, in

which the*Offi-

cers /hall not be

intitled to Half-

pay, &c. on Re-

duction thereof,

shall not vacate

a beat in Parti*

menu

Officers in new-

raised Corps of

Fencible Men,

and Militia Of-

ficers, to rank

according to Se-

niority.

LoTdLieutenant,

in certain Cafes,

may give a Co-

lonel's Comrrif-

fion to a Lieute-

nant Colonel.

Ho Qnaiter-

rr after, Surgeon,

or Battalion

Clerk, to be pro-

moted higher

than a Lieute-

nant.

Commanding

Officer,with the

Consent of the

Lord Lieurt-

nant, tec. may

accept of Volun-

teers, to be in-

corporated into

the other Com-

pact *s, or to

form a diflinlt

Company.

Number of Vo-

lunteers in any

Battalion rot to

exceed the Num-

ber of Men in

one Company of

the fame, dec.

Officer* inti led

to Half-pay, not

to forfeit the

fa ne by serving

Lieu ten* nil

or Ensigns in

the Militia.

