io

%hose Determi-

nation fli.ll be

£4. a).

Wilting* not

liable to Sump-

duty.

Proceedings to

be entered in a

Book, &c.

Limitation of

Actions.

©eornl Tflle.

Treble Goto.

Exfenres of tbit

Act bow to be

paid*

Public Act.

Preamble; re

citing hio Ma-

yfly’* Letters

Patent t'» David

Hanley, E'q.

C. 6. Anno decimo feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1777.

within three Months next after the Cause of such Complaint shall arise ; such Appellant first giving or

causing to be given ten Days Notice in Writing to the Cleric or Treasurer to the said Trustees for the

Time being, or to the Justice or other Person by whose Act or Acts such Person or Persons shall think

himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved, of hi«, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal ; and within

two Days next after such Notice entering into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said

County, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and to

pay such Coils as shall be awarded by, the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions, or Adjournment

thereof; which said Justices at or in such Sessions, upon due Proof of Notice being given as aforesaid,

and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and examine the causes and Matters of such Appeal

in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as the said Justices

shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive; and

on all Appeals from Rates, the Justices shall amend the fame in such Manner only as shall be necessary

for giving Relief, without altering such Rates with respect to other Persons mentioned in the fame; but

if, upon Appeal from the whole Kate, it shall be found necessary to set aside the lame, then they shall

order a new Rate to be made,

LVII. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Contraft, Bond, Warrant, Judgment, or

other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any Truf-

tee or Trustees, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or under the Hand and Seal

or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any Person or Persons whatsoever, relating to the Execution

of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, Thar all Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees at their Meet-

ings shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings so

entered shall be signed by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, and such Orders shall be deemed and

taken to be original Orders ; which said Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evidence

in all Courts whatsoever.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced aeainst any Person or

Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty Days Notice shall be thereof given in

Writing to the Clerk to the said Trustees, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been

made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed for

which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought*

laid, and tried in the County of Middlesex, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant

and Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Blue, and give this

Act, and the (pedal Matter, in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall he had thereupon, and that

the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought, was done in pur-

suance and by Authority of this Act : And if such Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or

if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before twenty Days Notice therer f given as afore-

said, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall

not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County

or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein.;

and if a Veidift shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such

Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinumce of such Action or

Actions, or if, upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Judgment shall be given for

the Defendant or Defendants therein, then in any of the Cafes aforesaid such Defendant or Defendants

shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant or De-

fendants may have for his, her, or their Costs, in any other Cafes by haw.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and

other Charges incident thereto, shall, in the first place, he paid out of the Monies remaining in or coming

to the Hands of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, or out of the first Monies

that shall be raised by virtue of this Act.

LXI. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts whatsoever as

a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as

such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. VI.

An Act for vetting in David Hartley Esquire, his Executors, Administrators, and A (Tigris,

the foie Use and Property of a certain Method by him invented of securing Buildings

against the Calamities of Fire, throughout his Majesty’s Dominions, for a limited Time.

* \\7 HERE AS his most Excellent M.ijesty King George the Third, by his Letters Patent, under the

* VV Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the first Day of Aprils in the thirteenth Year of his

4 Reign, did give and grant unto David Hartley, of Golden Square* in the Parish of Saint James* in the

4 County of Middlesex, Esquire, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the full Power, foie Pri-

4 vilegcy and Authority, of making, using, exercising, and vending, a certain particular Method by him

4 invented, of securing Buildings and Ships against the Calamities of Fire, within that Paitof his Ma-

4 jesty's Kingdom of Great Britain called England* the Dominion of Wales* and the Town of Berwick

4 upon Tweed* and also in his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations abroad, for the Term of fourteen Years ;

4 with a Proviso, obliging the said David Hartley* by Writing under his Hand and Seal, to cause a pac-

4 ticular Description of the Nature of the said Invention to be inrolled in his Majesty's High Court of

4 Chancery, within four Months after the Date of the said recited Letters Patent: And whereas the said

4 David

