3°7

A.D. 1778. Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. C. 76.

u to be appointed, who shall enter the Names of the Proprietors, and also their Proceedings. Proceed-

44 ings of the Commissioners to be entered. The Commissioners may appoint a Clerk. Rates granted to

41 the Company of Proprietors. Method of recovering the Rates. Exemptions from Payment of Rates.

44 Additional Rates for certain Things remaining on the Wharfs longer than twenty-four H >urs. Matter*

44 of Vessels to give an Account thereof, and of their Lading. Penalty on Refusal. Penalty on giving a

14 false Account* What shall be deemed a Ton of Timber. Vessels may be weighed or measured, in case

44 of any Difference respecting the Rates. By whom the Expences of such weighing and measuring shall

44 be paid. The Canal, and the Roads and Ways, open and free to all Persons on paying the Rates.

41 Dimensions of the Vessels. No Vessel under fifteen Tons to pass through the Locks without Consent

44 of Proprietors. Clause respecting Passage Boats, Csfc. The Canal hot to be carried on the Weft Side

14 of Tylney-hall Park, without the Consent of Lord Tylmey. In case the Canal shall be made on the Weftr

44 Side of Tylney-hall Park, no greater Toll to be taken than one Penny Halfpenny per Mile for a Ton.

44 In case the Canal shall be made through Grewell-hill, it may be continued on the East Side of Tylney-

44 hall Park to Turgifs. The Canal not to be cut through any Part of Lord Tylneys Estate till a ceitanv

44 Proportion be completed. Proprietors empowered to make Tunnels, Drains, &c- for supplying the

Canal with Water; who are to keep them in Repair. Watering-places for Cattle to be preserved.

44 Towing-paths to be separated and fenced from the adjoining Lands. Convenient Bridges or Arches to

44 be made over the Canal, dsV. If the Company of Proprietors shall not make proper Fences, Bridges,

44 fcfc. the Owners of the adjoining Lands may make the fame, and recover the Expences from the Com-

44 pany. Owners of Lands authorised to alter any such Fences, Bridges, isc* at their own Expence, with

44 Consent of the Committee. The Company restrained from creating any Mills on the Canal,

44 and fromerefting any Warehouses, Wharfs, £sV. near any capital House, or on any Garden, &c. with-

44 out Consent of the Owners; and from cutting down Timber, except within the Line of the Canal.

44 Lords of the Manors, and Owners of Land, not to be restrained from erecting Wharfs, Quays, &c.

14 within their Manors or Lands; or from landing Goods thereat. Rates payable for the fame, veiled in

44 the said Lords and Owners. If fuclTLords or Owners shall not (upon receiving proper Notice from the

44 Company of Proprietors) erect sufficient Warehouses, fcfr. the fame may be done by the Company, ow

44 making oatisfaftion. What shall be paid for Wharfage. Names of the Matters to be painted on the

44 Vessels. Vessels may be measured at any Time, at Expence of the Company. Graduated Figures to

44 be painted on Vessels, denoting their Weight. Penalty on Masters for Neglect, bV. Owners of Vef-

44 fels answerable for Damage done by their Bargemen, Company of Proprietors authorised to make-

44 Spaces for Vessels to turn' or pass each other. Penalty on Bargemen suffering the Water to remain in

44 any Lock longer than is necessary $ and on not properly opening and shutting the Gates of the Locks,

<4 tiV. Penalty on Persons wilfully placing their Vessels so as to obstruct the Navigation. Vessels funic

44 may be weighed by the Company, at the Expence of the Owners. Penalty on Persons obstructing the

44 Navigation by floating Timber, or over-loading Vessels, {ffr. and on Persons throwing Rubbish into

44 the Canal. The Canal not to be under the Controul of the Commissioners of Sewers. Penalty on

44 Bargemen having on Board Guns, to take or destroy any Fish or Game; and on the Matter per-

44 mitting the fame. Proviso relating to the River. Wey. Three Parts of a Map or Plan, with proper

44 References, to be signed by the Speaker of the House of Commons. With what Persons they shall be

44 deposited. Proprietors shall not deviate from the Line laid down in the Plan, without Consent of Land-

44 owners or the Commissioners, except in certain Cafes. The Line of the Canal in Dogmersfield-park not

44 to be deviated^from, without Sir Henry St. John's Consent. The Company may make Branches front'

44 the Canal to Lime-kilns, l£c. with Consent of the Land-owners. Proprietors of the Wey Navigation-

44 shall receive Tonnage of i r. only, for Boats, between the Canal and the Thames. The IVey Propric-

44 tors to keep their Locks 81 Feet long and 14 Feet wide, and in good Repair When Commissioners

44 die, or refuse to act, new ones to be chosen. Qualification of Commissioners. Penalty on a ding if

44 not qualified. Commissioners to be sworn. The Oath. Notice to be given of the Commiihoners

44 Meetings. Commissioners may act as Justices. No Commissioner to hold any Place of Profit under

44 this Act. Commissioners to hold Special General Meetings, if required by the Company of Proprie-

44 tors, or by any Owners of Lands. A journmentof Meetings of Commissioners. Commissioners may

44 hold Special Meetings for ascertaining Damage®. Places of holding the Commissioners Meetings. AIT

44 Business at Meetings to be determined by a Majority. Saving the Rights of Lords of Manors, and

44 Owners of Lands. Company of Proprietors not empowered to make any Erections or Buildings othec

44 than for the Purpose of the Navigation. Owners of Lands may use Pleafu re-boats, free of Duty.

44 Lands in Possession of the Company, not made use of for five Years, &c. shall be reconvcyed to the

44 former Owners. How the Value thereof shall be ascertained. Writings exempt from Stamp-duty.

44 Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form. The Canal to be measured, and Stones set up, in*

44 order to ascertain the Rates. Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Distrds not

44 to be deemed unlawful for Want of Form. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions. If

44 Subscribers neglect to pay their Subscriptions, they may be sued. Limitation of Actions. General

44 Ifluc. Treble Cotts. Public Act.”

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Town of Dover

in the County of Kenty and in the several Parishes of St. Mary the Virgin and £7. James the Apojile in me

said Town and County and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

CAP;

