A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. C. 30.

before whom the fame {hall be made, to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be filed

amongst the Records of the said Sessions; and that such Conviction shall be fairly written on Parchment

or Paper, in the following Form of Words (as the Cafe shall happen), or in any other Form of Wbrd$ to

the like Effect; that is to say:

Tp tw>,

it 4 JgEjt^remembered. That on the

Day of in the Year

was, upon the Complaint of C. D. convicted before . of the Jjfticcs of

~ the Peace for in pursuance of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign

4 of his Majesty King George the Third, for (as the Cafe /hall be).

4 Given under Hand and Seal, the Day and Year above written/

Which said Conviction shall be good and effect ual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be

quashed, set aside, or adjudged void or insufficient, for want of any Form or Words whatsoever; nor shall

the fame be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majesty’s Court of Kings Bauh, but {half be deemed

and taken to be final, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for further restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of

Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England

4 \XHEREAS by a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his

4 ^ present Majesty (intituled, an Act to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills

4 of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England), all negotiable Pro-

miflory or other Notes, Bills of Exchange, or Draughts, or Undertakings in Writing, for any Sum of

4 Money less than the Sum of twenty Shillings in the Whole, and issued after the twenty-fourth Day of

4 June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, were made void, and the publishing or uttering'and

4 negotiating of any such Notes, Bills, Draughts, or Undertakings, for a less Sum than twenty Shillings,

4 or on which less than that Sum should be due, was, by the said Act, restrained under 'Certain Penalties

4 or Forfeitures therein mentioned; and all such Notes, Bills of Exchange, Draughts, or Undertakings

in Writing, as had issued before the said twenty-fourth Day of June, were made payable upon Demand,

and were directed to be recovered in such Manner as is therein also mentioned: And whereas the said

4 Act hath been attended with very salutary Effects, and in case the Provisions therein contained were ex-

4 tended to a further Sum (but yet without Prejudice to the Convenience arising to the Public from the

c Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange for the Remittance of Money in Dif-

4 charge of any Balance of Account or other Debt), the good Purposes of the said Act would be further

€ advanced/ be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same. That all Promissory or other Notes, Bills of Exchange, or Draughts, or

Undertakings in Writing,.being negotiable or transferrable, for the Payment of twenty Shillings, or any

Sum of Money above that Sum and less than five Pounds; or on which twenty Shillings, or above thar

Sum and less than five Pounds, shall remain undischarged, and which shall be issued, within that Part of

Great Britain called England, at any Time after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy-eight, shall specify the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons respectively to whom, or to

whose Order, the fame shall be made payable; and shall bear Date before or at the Time of drawing or

issuing thereof, and not on any Day subseauent'thereto; and shall be made payable within the Space'of

twenty-one Days next after the Day of the Date thereof; and shall not be transferrable or negotiable after

the Time thereby limited for Payment thereof; and that every Indorsement to be made thereon shall be

made before the Expiration of that lime, and to bear Date at or not before the Time of making thereof;

and shall specify the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons to whom, or to whose Order, the

Money contained in every such Note, Bill, Draught, or Undertaking, is to be paid; and that the sign»

ing of every such Note, Bill, Draught, or Undertaking, and also of every such Indorsement, shall be at▼

felted by one subscribing Witness at the least; and which said Notes, Bills of Exchange, or Draughts,.or

Undertakings in Writing, may be made or drawn in Words to the Purport ortffeft as set out in the

Schedule hereunto annexed. No. I. and II.: And that all Promissory or other Notes, Bills of Exchange,

or Draughts, or Undertakings in Writing, being negotiable or transferrable, for the Payment of twenty

Shillings, -or any Sum of Money above that Sum and less than five Pounds; or in which twenty Shillings,

or above that Sum and less than five Pounds, shall remain undischarged, and which shall be issued, within

that Part of Great Britain called England, at any Time after the said first Day of January, one thousand

seven hundred and seventy-eight, in any other Manner than as aforesaid; and also every Indorsement on

any such Note, Bill, Draught, or Undertaking, to be negotiated under this Act other than as aforesaid,

shall, and the fame are hereby declared to be, absolutely void; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to

the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the publishing, uttering, or negotiating,

within that Part of Great Britain called England, of any Promissory or other Note, Bill of Exchange,

Draught, or Undertaking in Writing, being negotiable or transferrable, for twenty Shillings, or above

that Sum and less than five Pounds, or on which twenty Shillings, or above that Sum and less than five

Pounds, shall remain undischarged, and issued or made in any other Manner than Notes, Bills, Draughts,

or Undertakings, hereby permitted to be published or negotiated as aforesaid; and also the negotiating of

Ox and

99

©e«t purler-

Scffioas.

F^rm of Con-

viction.

Convifliod not

to be quashed for

want of Foint,

Ac.

Prfarrble.

Act f 5 Geo. Ul.

rcii;cd,

All negotiable

Promissory

Notes, Ac. for

tot. and left

than 5 I. which

shall be issued it

England after

itn. f, 177ft '

kali specify the

Names. Ac. of

the Persons to

whom payable.

The signing of

every such Note,

and Indorse-

ment, to be all

tested by one

Witness.

Penalty 00 pub-

lishing or nego-

tiating any such

Note?, Ac. con*

trary to the Me-

thod prescribed

by this A

