IOJ

A.D. 1777. Anno decimo septimo.GsoROii ill. c. 32—3^

44 bury, Ann Jones, Hardy, William Stonehewer, Phoebe Savidge and Savidge, William Richard-

^ son, Henry Holland, Robert Porteus, William Powell, John Perkins, Peter Grant (Sureties for /^/Z-

44 //tfw Brown), in respect of the aforesaid Bonds. After such Composition, shall be made by the

<c Commissioners of the Treasury, the said Sureties and their Estates shall be freed from all future Claims

4 relating to the said Bonds. This Act not to discharge William Brown, his Heirs, td'c”

CAP. XXXIL

An Act for building a new Church within the Town and Parish of Buckingham.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to allow the Mailer Dyers, within the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, and

Kent, to employ Journeymen in their Trade who have not served Apprenticeships

thereto.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen^Elizabeth, Preamble*

intituled, An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry^and Ap- Act 5 Elix.r*

prentices, it is amongst other Things enacted, That it shall not be lawful to any Person ^Persons cited«

‘ (other than such as then did lawfully use or exercise any Art, Mystery, or Manual Occupation) to set

4 up, occupy, use, or exercise, any Craft, Mystery, or Occupation, then used or occupied within the

4 Realm of England, or Wales, except he shall have been brought up therein seven Years, at the least, as

4 an Apprentice; nor to let any Person on Work in such Mystery, Art, or Occupation, being not thea

4 a Workman, except he shall have been Apprentice as aforesaid, upon Pain of every Person offending or

4 doing the contrary to forfeit and lose, for every Default, forty Shillings for every Month; whereby the

Trade of a Dyer is very much injured and obstructed, in regard there are not a sufficient Number of

Persons who have served an Apprenticeship to be employed as Journeymen ther inf May it therefore

please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Conient of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this piefent

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from the Day of passing of this Act, so So much of the

much of the said Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of the said Queen Elizabeth, above recited, as* f*»HAfta*re-

reiates to Journeymen or Servants being employed in the Trade cr Occupation of a Dyer, shall be, and p

the fame is hereby repealed, with respect to the Counties of Middlesex, EJJ'cx, Surrey, and Kent; and that *"

it {hall and may he lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who carry on or use

the Trade of a Dyer within any of the said Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, or Kent, to employ so

many, and such Number of Journeymen, Servants, and Labviurers, as they shall respectively have Oc-

casion for, without incurring any Penalty under the said Act; any Thing therein contained, or any other-

Law, Usage, or Cuf jm to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for-the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships <£f

War, and on Board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

T'OR the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on Preamble.

1/ Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vefi'els;’ be it* enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament afi'embled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the

passing of this Act, until the twenty-fifth Day o [March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight,

and no longer (except in respect to such Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships or Vessels, which Hull

be on their Voyage before the said twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

ight, who shall be, and are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning Home navigated in the

Manner as herein-after is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any Mercnant Ship, or other Trading

Ship or Vtfl'el, to be navigated by Foreign Seamen or Mariners, not being Natives of Great Britain, or

of any of the Colonies or Plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty’s natural naturalized Subjects,

so as the Number of such Foreign Seamen or Mariners do not exceed Three-fourths of the Mariners at any

one Time employed to navigate such Merchant Ship, or other Trading Ship or Vessel, and that One-

fourth at least of the Mariners or Seamen so employed be at all Times Natives, or his Majesty’s natu-

ralized Subjects of Great Britain (sudden Death, and Hazard and Casualties of War, and the Seas, laved

and excepted), one Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation), or any

other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away or restrain the Effeft

of any such Royal Proclamation as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, are impowered to make by

virtue of an Act, passed in the thirteenth Year of his late M.ijesty’s Reign (intituled, An Act for the better

Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in his Majesty s Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and

other Trading Ships and Privateers).

From the pafT- -

ing of this Act

mi March 15,

1773. Mer-

chant Snip?,

Sic. may be na-

vigated by

Three-fourth*

Foreign Seamen.

Thi< Act not ta

rertrain any

Royal Procla-

mation to be

I' joe (JuNmnt

to an Act 1

Geo. 11.

CAP.

{

