A. D. 1777* Anno decimo feptimo Georg 11 III. . C. 17. 73

A

such Trees as are by this Act reserved to the King’s Majesty), any Law, Usage, or Prefciiptiort, to the

contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the 'said Vicar of Enfield, Power for the

and his Successors, and the Vicar of South Aftmms, and his Successors, with the Consent of the Lord IJishop Vicars «*’ En-

of London for the Time being, signified by Writing under his Hand, and also for the Incumbent of the pe- &c* an,J

culiar Donative or Parish Church of Monken Hadley for the Time being, and his Successors, with the Con- tent^o^ant

fentof the Patron thereof for the Time being, to grant Leases of their respective Allotments of the said Leases,

Chafe unto such Person or Persons as they (haul severally and respectively think fit, for any Term or Num-

ber of Years not exceeding twenty-one Years, to be computed from the Date or Dates thereof respectively ;

so as no such Lease be made difpunishable of Wade; and so as no Sum of Money or other Gift be taken

by Way of Fine for such Lease or Leases; and so as the best Rent or Rents that can be gotten for the fame

be reserved thereon respectively 5 and so as such Rent or Rents be made payable quarterly; and the usual

Power of Re-entry for Nonpayment of such Rent or Rents, and such other Clauses and Covenants be con-

tained therein as are usually inserted in Leases of Farms in that Neighbourhood ; and so as the Lefiee or

Lessees, in such Lease or Leases to be named, do execute and deliver Counterparts of the fame ; any Law,

Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding: And that upon the Death, Cession, or Resignation How Rent*

of any Vicar of Enfield, or Vicar of South Mimms, or Incumbent of Monken Hadley for the Time being, a Death* CeiTio”

just Proportion of ithe Rents and Profits of such Lands and Grounds as shall be allotted to the said respec- o/fUflgnauo*?

live Vicars and Incumbent by virtue of this Act, shall be paid and received by the said Vicar or Incumbent

making such Cession or Resignation, or to the proper personal Representative or Representatives of the

Vicar or Incumbent who shall so die, up to the Day of such Ceftion, Resignation, or Death, as the Cafe

may be, any Thing to be contained in such Leases to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 CXX. And for the better Protection of the Trees, Woods, and Underwoods, growing, or which

4 may hereafter grow, in or upon the said Chafe, as well before as after the fame shall be divided by Fences

4 into the several Allotments aforesaid,’ be it further enacted, That all Persons whatsoever, who shall un- Clause for Prew

lawfully cut down, split, bark, pill, damage, deface, destroy, or carry away any Timber Tree, or other

Tree, Wood, or Covert, or any Fern, or Furze, within the said Chafe, before the Fences to be made at

his Majesty’s Expence shall be completed, shall be subject and liable to all such Pains, Penalties, and Pu-

nishments, as such Offenders are or would have been subject or liable to, in case this Act had not been

made: And in case any such Offence or Offences shall be committed after the said Fences shall be com-

pleted, every such Offender or Offenders shall be subject and liable to all such Suits, Actions, Damages,

Pains, Penalties, and Punishments, as are provided by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, to be brought,

given, imposed, or inflicted upon any Person or Persons for committing the like Offence or Offences in

the Lands, Grounds, Woods, or Coppices, being the private Property of any of his Majesty’s Subjects.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall wilfully and unlawfully Penalty for

break down, destroy, carry away, or damage, any Gate, Stile, Post, Rail, or other Fence, to be put up dewing

or placed under the Authority of this Act, for the fencing or convenient feeding or occupying of any Lands *cnces*

within the said Chafe, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted before any Justice of the

Peace, in Manner herein-after directed, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding ten rounds, nor kfs

than twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of such Justice, over and besides the Costs of Conviction; and

one Moiety of such renalties shall be paid to the Owner of the Gates, Stiles, Ports, Rails, or Fence, so

broken, destroyed, or carried away, whether such Owner be the Informer or not, and the other Moiety

thereof shall be paid to the Churchwardens of the Parish within which the Offence shall be committed.

CXXII. And be it further enacted. That all the Penalties by this Act inflicted, or directed to be in- Method of re*

flifted, or which shall be set or imposed by any Rule or Order to be made under the Authority of this Act, covering pc-

shall be recoverable before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, not lultlc$t

interested in the Premises, on the Confession of the Offender, or on Proof of the Offence by the Oath of

one or more credible Wicnefs or Witnesses; and that the Evidence of any credible Person, either for or

against the Party accused, shall be competent, although such Witness or Witnesses shall be an Inhabitant

of the Pariftl within which the Offence shall have been committed, or charged so to be : And that it shall

and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices, upon Information and Complaint upon Oath

made before him that any such Offence hath been committed, to cause the Offender and Offenders to be

apprehended and brought before him, to be dealt with according to Law; and in case, on Conviction, any

such Offender shall not immediately pay down the Penary and Costs, or find Security, to the Satisfaction

of such Justice or Justices, for the Payment thereof at a future Day, it shall be lawful for such Juftrcp or

Justires to cause the fame to be forthwith levied on the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders,-

by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, or it shall be lawful for such Justice or

justices, at his or their Discretion, to commit every such Offender to some Common Gaol within the said

ounty, there to be kept for any Space of Time such Justice or Justices shall direct, not exceeding three

Calendar Months, or until such Time as the said Penalty and Costs shall be paid.

4 CXXIII. And, in order to prevent the qua(hing of Convictions of Offenders against this Act for Want

4 of Form,’ be it further enacted. That the Conviction and Convictions of all and every Offrn ters against now jun'cti t#

this Act, shall be certified by the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the fame (bail be made, to priced for

the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be filed amongst the Records of the said Sessions ; and nt

that such Conviction shall be fairly written on Parchment, or Paper, in the following Form of Words, as °‘*en(i<rU

the Cafe shall happen, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect; that is to say :

MiMtftxi* “HE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year f ..mi of Oa-

to wit, X) j was> Upon the Complaint of C. D. convicted before of the vict«».

* Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the seventccncn Year

Vol. XIII. Parti. L 4 of

